am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel|Okay, do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
no, i just need to make sure it's cheap. oh, and i need parking|I found 1 cheap hotel for you that includes parking. Do you like me to book it?
Yes, please. 6 people 3 nights starting on tuesday.|I am sorry but I wasn't able to book that for you for Tuesday. Is there another day you would like to stay or perhaps a shorter stay?
how about only 2 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7GAWK763. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 20:45, is there anything like that?|There are over 1,000 trains like that.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street.|Can you confirm your desired travel day?
I would like to leave on wednesday|I show a train leaving birmingham new street at 17:40 and arriving at 20:23 on Wednesday.  Will this work for you?
That will, yes. Please make a booking for 5 people please.|I've booked your train tickets, and your reference number is A9NHSO9Y.
Thanks so much. I would also need a place to say. I am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi.|How about the cambridge belfry?  It has all the attributes you requested and a great name!  Maybe even a real belfry?
That sounds great, could you make a booking for me please?|What day would you like your booking for?
Please book it for Wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5NAWGJDC.
Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye. If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us.
Hi. I'm looking for a hotel in the east.  The internet is not needed.|There are no hotels that do not have internet, but 7 which do have it. Do you have a specific price range you'd prefer?
no, but it should have free parking, please.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the area and has free parking, would you like more information?
Is that a guesthouse or a hotel? I'd really prefer a guesthouse.|It's a hotel. There are 5 guesthouses in the area. Do you prefer cheap or moderate for the price range?
The price doesn't really matter. I just need free parking. It doesn't really need to have internet though.|There are 5 guesthouses that have free parking. Should I book one of them for you?
Okay, none of them DON'T offer free wifi? If not, I'll need the address for one that does have wifi, please. Tell me about your favorite.|The allenbell is a guesthouse on the east.  The addres sis 517a coldham lane post code cb13js.
Great. Can you help me with a train as well? I'm looking to come in from Ely.|What is your destination? And do you have any preference for day, departure or arrival time?
I want to go from cambridge to ely, no preference for time but I need to book for 8 people.|There are trains that run every two hours every day starting at 5:50. Do you know what day you'd like to travel?
I'm looking for Wednesday , arrive by 11:30 for 8 people Please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. You reference number is 7ZCVR4Q3. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else right now.  Thank you for your assistance.  Good Bye.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
I need to take a train from Norwich, leaving after 21:15.|Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Ely please.|I don't have any listings for trains leaving Norwich and arriving in Ely. Would you like to try a different departure station?
I meant Cambridge please. I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Monday after 21:15.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I don't need anything booked.  I just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from norwich to cambridge leaving after 21:15.|There are trains arriving at 22:35, 23:35 and 24:35. They are 17.60 pounds and 79 minutes each.
Great, thanks! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel in the north. Can you please help with that?|There are several that meet your criteria. Is there a price range you are interested in?
I would like to keep it in the moderate range, please.|I see 7 options. They are all guesthouses. Do you have preferences for internet and parking?
I do not have a preference on those things.|Shall I try to start and book you into one?
Please book it and provide the reference number.|How many nights will you be staying?
Please book the hotel for 4 people and 2 nights.  Thank you.|What day will you be arriving?
the same day... monday please.|I apologize, some of our new workers have phobias of the booking system, I booked you at Acorn guest house, the reference number is 04CSEO7Q any other questions?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks for your help!|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay!
I am looking for information about the City Centre North B and B hotel.  Can you help me with that?|Yes! City Centre North B and B is an inexpensively-priced guesthouse in the north of town at 328A Histon Road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes can I book it for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights please?|They weren't able to accommodate those parameters. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Sure.  Let's try 2 nights.  Thanks. I'll need a reference number, too, please.|The booking for City Centre North B&B has been made, your reference number is 0FAFY5PP.
Great! I also need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge, please.|I can find one for you. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel, please?
The train should arrive by 14:45 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.|Great, I recommend train TR5108.  It departs at 13:29 and will get you there by 14:07.  Would you like me to book it?
Please book that train for me now.|Certainly! How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets for the same day.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GSTIN0L6.
That's all I need today, thank you.|You're welcome! Lovely day to you.
I need a place to stay in the north please.|There are 13 places to stay in the north. Do you have any other criteria?
I don't want to have to pay for parking.|I have 5 different gueshouses listed. For what day and for how many please?
For 3 people starting on Wednesday and staying 2 nights.|There are 11 hotels available actually. Would you like to narrow it to a specific price range or star rating?
Just a guesthouse in the north with free parking. I'll need a reference number then too please.|I was able to get you in at Archway House. Your reference number is WUMUZ0JX. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need today. Thanks! Bye!|Thank you for using our system!
Hi I am looking for a train to arrive in Cambridge by 08:15.|Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford on Monday.|It look like the TR0532 is what you are looking for departing Bishops Stortford at 7:29 and arriving in Cambridge at 8:07. Would you like to book?
What is the price for that trip?|The fare is 10.10 GBP per ticket.
I need to make a booking for 2 people and can you find me a place to stay in the north?|I've booked your tickets for the 7:29 train from Bishops Stortford, reference ZHT6R80S. Can you give me more information about the type of hotel you'd like?
I need a cheap hotel with free parking.|There are 10 total hotels, do you have a preference for area?
I would prefer the hotel be in the north part of town.|City centre north b and b and Worth house are both guesthouses and located in the north. Would you like me to book one for you?
I don't need to book today, thanks. Can you get me the postcode of one of them? Oh, and please make sure the one you choose has internet!|The postcode for Worth House is cb41da and yes, it has internet!
I will go ahead an book at the Worth House.|OK, great. will it be the same two people as on the train and starting on Monday? or do you have different needs for lodging?
Nope, same people.|I'd be happy to book that for you, what day will you be arriving on, and for how many nights?
1 person 5 nights please|Could you clarify if you need the reservation for 1 or 2 people please?
I need reservations for 2.|Okay let me see if I can book that for you.
Actually, I'm all set. Thank you! Bye!|Okay you sure you will not require a booking?
Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?|Certainly, we have many fine guest houses and hotels in Cambridge. Is there anything specific you were looking for, to help narrow it down?
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|Thanks for that information. What area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter I would like an expensive hotel if you can find one.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east and meet your criteria.  Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book me a room for friday.|For how many people?
I need it for 2 people please.|And how many nights?
5 nights please. And I would need the reference number also.|Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is all set up for Friday. The reference is 7F6ZIHSZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'm thinking a college in the centre.|Christ's College is located in the centre at saint andrew's street.
Can I please get their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks! I'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at 2:45?|Okay I've got a white Honda booked for you to pick you up at 2:45 and take you back to your hotel, their number is 07078899267
Thank you. That is all I need.|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Please find me an expensive place to dine on the South side of town|Sure, we have Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican that you could choose from.
How about chinese.|Okay, how about the good luck chinese food takeaway?  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good! Book a table for 3 at 13:45 please.|I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like the reservation for?
I'd like to make it for Wednesday. Can you include the reference number?|Your reservation is all set for Wednesday. Your reference number is 68X7U9IG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day.|Ok and for how many days ?
how about 1 nights.|There are 5 results matching your requirements. What area of town would you like?
The area does not matter. Just the criteria I stated. It will be starting Wednesday.|How about the University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and wifi, and it's a 4 star rated hotel.
If you can book it for my group, I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Hi, I am currently planning to come to Cambridge, and I was looking for a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the centre.  What would you suggest?|The Gardenia is an excellent and cheap place in the center of town, serving Mediterranean cuisine. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at 19:15 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IU63HAEN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the same part of town. It must have free parking.|We have two guesthouses and two hotels that meet your needs. The guesthouses are cheap, and the hotels are expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want a place with a 0 star rating|I have one result. It is el shaddai, which is a cheap guesthouse. Do you want to book it?
Yes, can you book the room for me?|Yes I can but I need to know when your stay is how many people and for the number of rooms.
Do you have their phone numbers?|El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Did you want to book a room?
No thank you that was all I needed today.|Have a great day. If you need anything else just contact us again.
I am looking for a restaurant that sell seafood,will prefer one in the center of the city.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
I would like a train into Cambridge from Stevenage.|Is there a specific day and time you would like to travel at?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 8:00.|The TR9448 arrives at 06:43. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book 7 seats.|All set. You are booked for 7 people on TR9448. You reference number is B1Q6DDTE. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a hotel as well.|ok for how many people and when are you planning your stay?
Whoa whoa, easy there tiger, Lets narrow the search down first.  In the center, 0 stars, cheap and it can be a hotel or guesthouse.|How about el shaddai? Fits your request perfectly.
Is El Shaddai a guest house or hotel?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse. Anything other questions about them?
Do they have parking?|Yes, they have free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to. I was just curious about it. Thank you for all of your help.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a chinese restaurant.|ok what location?
It should be in the same area?|i only have one option can i book it for you?
No, I don't need a chinese restaurant after all. Thanks for looking.|OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's everything I needed and then some, actually! Thanks, take care!|Thank you for calling.  Have a great day!
Can you tell me the address to the police station in Cambridge?|The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG
Thanks. Would you be able to help me find a place to stay in the east side of town?|What price range do you prefer?
That doesn't matter. I would like a 4 star hotel though, please.|Would a and b guest house work for you?
Does that place have free wifi?|Yes it has wifi. Would you like to know anything more?
That is sufficient, please book me for 8 people, 5 nights staring on friday.|You've been booked at A and B Guesthouse. Your reference number is I23Q30PH. Can I be of further assistance today?
Also looking for a train leaving Norwich after 14:00 and arriving in Cambridge on Friday.|The TR4828 leaves Norwich at 14:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 15:35 on Friday. The price is 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you please give me the travel time.|The travel time is 79 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
no I don't need you to do that, thank you|Okay, will that be all today or is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.|How about arbury lodge guesthouse? Moderate price range, 4 stars. Free parking and wifi.
That sounds like a great place to stay. Thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday?|Your reference number is 91WNH1R1. For the arbury lodge guesthouse, starting tuesday for 2 nights, and 4 guests. Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum, it would need to be in the west.|There are 7 museums in the west. Some have entrance fees and others do not. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.|Cambridge and County folk museum has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. All the other museums are free. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed for today! Thanks a bunch! Bye!!|Goodbye, have a great day
I'm looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.|I have located the Acorn Guest house in the North Area. It has a 4 star rating and free parking. Would you like to to book a room?
No, sorry. I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, not north.|I have a guest house that is in the cheap price range and a hotel in the expensive. Would you like to book at one of them?
what is the address and price range|The University Arms Hotel is in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a room?
No, but I do need the address and postcode.|Certainly, the address is regent street and the can be reached at 01223351241, can I assist with anything else?
I'm also looking for a college in the same area.|I have 13 colleges in that area.   Would you prefer one with an entrance fee or without?
How about one with free entrance. May I have their address and postcode, please?|Downing College is a real sleeper and they have no entrance fee. Their address is on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Need any other help today?
No that will be everything, thank you!|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.
Can you help me find a restaurant? I want to find a place in the centre.|Sure! There are plenty of restaurants in the centre to choose from. What type of food do you prefer?
I'd like to find a vegetarian restaurant, if possible.|I'm afraid there's none of those in the centre.  Would you like to try and different area of town?
What about a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre instead?|There are a few options in the centre ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
no not really. why don't you pick one a reserve a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday please|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is SB1NTSYB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need a ride there. Can you arrange a taxi for me?|Where will you be departing from?
Departing from the hotel and arriving at the restaurant by 19:15.|First we need to book you a hotel or guesthouse. Do you have any preferences for location or price?
I want kirkwood house- I don't need a booking, just the postcode.|The postcode is cb41da. How else may I help you?
Now I need a taxi.|I have booked a taxi from kirkwood house to the dojo noodle bar for you. A white honda will pick you up. The contact number is 07516276037. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive to the restaurant by the booked time?|yes, it will arrive by 19:15
that will be okay for now thanks|You're welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Thank you. I appreciated your assistance.|And thank you for texting the cambridge towninfo centre. Take care!
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called autumn house|I have the Autumn House.  It is at 710 Newmarket Road.  Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. Would you book the Autumn House for me starting on Monday, please.|How many people would be staying and how many days will you be staying?
That's for 8 people and it's for 2 nights.|I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
Could you try Wednesday, instead?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3H0WHD4Z.
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Thank you for calling and goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the south that is moderately priced.|I can't find any hotels, but I did find a guesthouse called aylesbray lodge guest house with that criteria.
I'd prefer a hotel.  It should have a 4 star rating.  Can you check again, please?|Unfortunately all we have is the aylesbray lodge guest house
Okay, do you have any hotels with a 3 star rating instead?|There's one with 3 stars - Bridge Guest House. It's in the south and is moderately priced, and they have free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 2 nights, We'll be there on thursday.|I was able to book your party of 6 into Bridge Guest House for 2 nights starting Thursday! Reference: GAAQJAQQ. Can I help more today?
Yes, I'm also looking for info on Wandlebury Country Park.|Wandlebury Country Park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. Is there any other information you need today?
Can you give me their phone number please?|The phone number for Wandlebury Country Park is 01223243830. Do you any further assistance today?
thanks. i want to leave the hotel by 24:45.|Do you mean that you want to book a taxi? If so, what will your destination be?
Yes I do. I want to leave the hotel by 24:45 to go to the park.|Your taxi will be available and has been booked.
Wonderful.  Can you provide me with the contact number?  Also, what kind of car is it?|Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a red Lexus.  The contact number is 07951076280.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|Very please to have been of assistance today.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre, can you look this up for me?|There are three hotels in the center of town. Do you prefer something moderate or expensive?
Not in terms of that, but do they have free parking and have a 3 star rating?|The Gonville hotel has 3 stars and parking, and the University Arms hotel has 4 stars and parking. They are both expensive. Would you like more details?
Okay, I'd like to book a room at the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights. There will be 6 people and we will be arriving on Saturday.|I'm sorry, there are no rooms available for that length of stay.  Could you shorten your stay or book a different day possibly?
Yes, what about 2 nights instead of 4?|Sure, that worked.  You have booked 2 nights and your reference number is RU89U6V8.  Can I be of further help today?
No, that looks like everything.  Thanks.  Bye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I need a restaurant to dine at in Cambridge on my upcoming trip.|There are lots to choose from. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I don't care. It needs to be on the south side and moderately priced.|There are 2 options, pizza hut cherry hinton which serves italian and restaurant alimentum which serves modern european.  Can I book you for those?
Yes please.  I also need a hotel with at least 3 stars and free parking.|There is no hotel in south side,do you want me to try different area?
How about a Guesthouse in South side instead?|I'm sorry, there is no guest house that meets those criteria, either. Would you like to try a different rating, or a different area?
Sure, what about in the city centre?|I am not finding a guesthouse that meets your criteria.  Might a hotel work?
Is there not one in the same area as the restaurant?|There are 2, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast 4 star or the El Shaddai 0 star.  Both are in the cheap range and in the Centre.
Okay. Can you try booking the El Shaddai for me fo Saturday for 2 people for 3 nights.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is S8LZAB9P.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that would be everything, thank you!|Okay! Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you, I will.|Good bye, thank you.
I'm looking for a hotel called the Leverton house. Can you help me find it?|Sure. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like to book it for four nights, starting Sunday. Five people.|Will you be needed a reference number for the booking?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is. PIKSVFZT
I am also looking for places to go in town.  Maybe something in the south.|There are several places to go in the south.  Are you interested in cinema, entertainment, musuem, a nightclub, or perhaps something else.
How about a cinema?|Cineworld Cinema is a great place to visit. It's located on the south side at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does it have an entrance fee?|That information is not available to me. The phone number is 00872208000.
Okay I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 08:45.|The car will be a yellow toyota and their number is 07865026456, is there anything else you need?
No, I think that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thanks and enjoy your time !
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a four star hotel on the north side|I have eight results. Do you need free parking?
Not really, and I'm not really concerned with wifi either. Which one do you recommend?|How about Acorn Guest House? It's located at 154 Chesterton Road.
What is the hotel's rating?|It is rated 4 stars,
Actually, could you double check whether the Acorn has free wifi?|Yes, it does. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please do. I'll be arriving Thursday. They'll be 6 of us, and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.|Yes, it does.
OK, can you please pay attention to my questions? I need a room, please.|Sorry about that! You are booked at the Acorn for 4 nights, starting Thursday ref #ZUC5SZAP. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that will be all. Thanks!|Let us know if you need anything else.Cheers.
Could you help me find the Cambridge Belfry?|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne and the phone number is cb236bw.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?|Of course. When would you like to stay?
I would like to check in on Saturday for 2 nights.  There will be 4 of us.|Your reservation was successfully made. The reference number is PJ9D98BY. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|Would you be interested in The Cambridge Chop House? It is a british cuisine restaurant located in the centre of town.
thank you, I hope its in the expensive price range. and if you could give me the phone number that would be great|Yes, it's expensive. Phone number is 01223359506.
I need to book a table for 1 person at 16:45 on friday.|That booking is unsuccessful. Does another time/day work?
Yes. How about 15:45 on Friday instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 10P0LEVH.. Anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Ideally a hotel with free wifi and parking that is also expensive.|If you're looking to stay in the town centre area, there is the gonville hotel. It has free parking and internet and is rated 3 stars. Would you like to book?
Great can you book it for one person, for 4 nights starting friday?|Your booking was successful starting Friday for four nights.  Your reference number is DRW9QM8S.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the two.  I'd like to arrive prior to the 15:45 time.|Your booking is complete, a grey bmw will be picking you up, the contact number is 07034136573. Can I assist you with anything further today?
No, thanks for your help.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I am looking for an attraction called King's College.|Ah yes, King's College is in centre of town. The address is King's Parace and phone 01223331100.
Thank you very much.  Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21st.
I also need a place to stay.|I can help you with that. Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 4-stars.  Also, an expensive one.|There is one hotel matching your criteria. It is University Arms Hotel, it is expensive with a four star rating and both free internet and parking. Do you need more information?
No that will be all the info I need thank you.|Okay! Have a great trip! Bye!
I'm looking for information on Saint John's College.|Yes St John's college is located at 	saint john's street and their telephone number is 01223338600. It costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Anything else?
Can you tell me what area it is located in?|Yes St John's is located in the city center.
I need the address and entrance fee as well. Also can you help me find a hotel with free parking in the moderate price range?|The address for St.Johns is St.John's St.,postcode cb21tp. There is an entrance fee of 2.50P. You have 14 choices of hotels, is there a specific area you prefer?
I'm not concerned about the area, but I'd like it to include free parking and wifi and have a 3 star rating please.|Bridge Guest House meets those criteria. It is located in the south. Would you like for me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary. I just need the address.|The address is 151 Hills Road. Anything else I can do for you?
I'd like to book a taxi between Saint John's College and the hotel, leaving the hotel at 4:15.|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you at 4:15pm at the Bridge Guest House.  It will be a black Volkswagen. The number is 07240037071. Anything else I can help with?
That's literally every thing I needed today. You've been amazing, thank you so much!|Have a safe trip!
I be traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to try the restaurants, but could you help me with a finding a hotel?|Would you prefer a guesthouse? The acorn guest house is in the north and moderately priced. 4 starts with free internet and parking
I would prefer a hotel type hotel, it just needs to be in the moderate price range and doesn't need to have free parking, but needs wifi|Sure! I found ashley hotel. It is located at 74 chesterton road. Would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds like a good place.  I appreciate the information.|You're welcome. Would you like a room, or perhaps I could help you with something else?
Yes, can you tell me the star rating of that hotel?|It has 2 stars.
Thanks, I also need a restaurant in the Centre that serves European food. It needs to be in the same price range as hotel.|How about the Galleria?
Sounds good. I would like to make a reservation for Friday at 17:15 for 4 people.|Okay I was able to make you a reservation and your reference number is DWMSURSO.
Could you also book me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?|Where will you be departing from?
From the hotel.  I would like to get a contact number for the taxi also, just in case something changes.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Their contact number is 07236475648. That will be a yellow honda. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our system today!
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to dine. It should be moderately priced and located in the centre.|We have 21 restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain food type that interests you?
I don't really care what type of food it is. Any of them will do.|We have a wonderful Asian restaurant, called Yippee Noodle Bar, would you like to try there?
Sure, I'll try it. Can I get their phone number and post code?|Of course, their phone number is 01223518111 and the post code is cb11lh.  I can make a reservation for you if you'd like, or help with something else.
Great I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Excellent. Do you have an idea on the location?
Any location is fine, but I would prefer something that is in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses. All the expensive properties are hotels.
Okay, I guess it'll save me some dough if I try for a place that's more moderately priced.|There are a total of 12 guesthouses  that are moderately priced in town. Are you sure there isn't a particular section you would like to stay in?
Any of them will do. Pick your favorite and let me know what area they're in, and their postcode and how many stars they have?|Acorn Guest House is located in the north at 154 Chesterton Road. It is moderately priced and has four stars. The post code is 	cb41da.
Thank you. That is all I need today.|Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a hotel call arbury lodge guesthouse.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is located at 82 Arbury Road in the north side of Cambridge. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I would like to book it for 4 nights for 4 people please.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please, a reference number would be great!|Okay, I can help you with that. What day do you plan to check in?
i want to check in on tuesday|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : OE6IHAT2. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the west side of town.|There are five. Three that are free, and two that have an entrance fee.
Get me a phone number for one that is close to the hotel and is free.|Well then should I search for a college in the north instead, if you want it close to your hotel?
Make sure you get contact number and i'll be there as soon thank you|I'm sorry for the confusion, which college do you want a contact number for?
that's okay, give me the number for the college closest to the hotel and is free, may I know the address as well?|There are not any colleges located in the north actually.
none in the west, I talked so someone earlier|None in the north 5 in the west, I personally recommend churchill college entrance is free, any further questions?
Could you give me the address and phone number?|Their address is storey's way	and their phone is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Which will be your departure site? What time do you want to leave or to arrive?
I will need to be picked up at the hotel by 4:45 to arrive at the college on tuesday.|All set, the car is a white volvo, Contact number is 07321652724, any other questions?
No I believe we got everything covered today.Thanks. Goodbye.|Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything else.
Are there any trains leaving from Stansted Airport on Thursday?|I have 19 trains available.  Could you narrow it down to a specific destination and departure time please.
i am leaving for cambridge and it should arrive there by 20.45|The train that arrives the closest to your preferred time is TR2286 which arrives at 19:52. Does that work for you?
I would like to make a booking for TR2286 for 1 person.|Ok, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR2286.  The fee of 10.10 GBP is payable at the station.  Your reference code is QHKC3MOF.  Anything else I can do?
Thank you I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking.|I have several results matching your request.  What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I don't have a preference for area, I would just like it to have 4 stars and a moderate cost with free parking.|There are 9 options for a guesthouse with your requested price and amenities. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is lovely this time of year, if you're interested?
That works. What's the phone number, area, and if they have internet?|aylesbray lodge guest house is in the south of town, their phone number is 01223240089 and they have internet
Could you book it for me?|I'd be happy to. When would you like to begin your stay, and for how many nights would you like rooms reserved?
I just need it for one night for one person please.  Can you tell me which area it is in?|It is in the south area.
Thank you very much, I think that's all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a good day!
I need a place to stay in South of town.|Okay, do you have any price range you're looking for?
It doesn't matter on the pricing or about having free parking. I would like the hotel to be like a guesthouse.|Aylesbray lodge guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
That won't be necessary thanks.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually, could you book that for me? I've changed my mind.|That's fine. I'm here to help. For how many people and how many nights will that be?
The stay is for 4 of us for 3 nights.|What day would you like that reservation?
Friday, please, and for 3 nights. Thank you!|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PYDLXTII. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking that goes to cambridge that arrives by 20:00 and departs from stevenage.|OK, any date or time preferences?
Friday, and after 20:00.|TTR7278 leaves at 17:54 and arrives at 18:43, cost is 12.80 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, that would be wonderful. I would like a booking for 4 people, and the reference number, please.|I was able to book you for 4 tickets on train TR7278.   The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station.
Could I get the reference number?|The reference number is M8CQ8Y16.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Yes, I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in town. I don't need internet access, so don't worry about that.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and moderately priced. Would you like to book a stay?
I need something cheaply priced.|We have 9 guesthouses that match your search. Would you like to narrow it down?
I don't care as long as it's a guesthouse located in the north for cheap.|May i suggest the Worth House? It is a cheap, 4 star hotel in northern Cambridge.
That's fine. Can I book it on monday for 4 nights for 7 people?|I'm sorry. It looks like the guesthouse can't be booked for your stay. There's a 0 star guesthouse also in the north. Would you like me to look there?
Can you try booking again for 3 nights instead of 4?|Your booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is KLPEPNED. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Are there any cheap restaurants near the hotel as well?|Just to clarify, are you looking for a cheap restaurant in the north area of town?
Yes. This restaurant should serve swiss food too.|I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the north side of town. Is there a different food choice you would like to try?
I see. Hmm. What about Indian?|How about the Royal Spice, it's a cheap Indian place in the north part of town.
Thank you, please provide the address and the postcode.|No problem, address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.
Thank you.  I would also like to book a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.  I would like to arrive by 17:30.|Ok, I've booked your taxi from Worth House to Royal Spice. You will arrive by 17:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I would like a contact number and car type please for my booking.|Sure expect a grey Volkswagen to pick you up and the contact number is 07554509101. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the maximum passenger accommodation of the Volkswagen?  There will be 7 of us going to dinner.|The model of the car was not given, so I am not sure, your best bet is to call the taxi company to make sure the vehicle can fit 7 passengers.
Sounds like a plan. Thank you for all of the help!|You are welcome! Enjoy your time here.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the centre of town. Can you find one for me?|El Shaddai is located at 41 Warkworth Street. They offer free internet and parking.
How many stars does El Shaddai have, I'm looking for a place that is at least a 3 star location?|El shaddai has 0, but alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating.
It's really important to me to have 3 stars, no more, no less. Are there any hotels that match that description?|The Gonville Hotel is a hotel, not a guest house, but it has 3 stars and is in the city centre. Will that work for you?
That will work. Can you make a reservation for 8 people, please?|Yes, what dates would you like me to reserve that for?
Starting Sunday and for 3 nights please.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
For 8 people please. Can I also get the reference number?|Yes I am happy to say I was able to book that hotel for you. The reference number is KVV2ZTNK.
Great, I'm also looking for something to do in that same area. What is available?|There are many attractions in the centre area, are you interested in architecture, museums, parks, nightclubs, swimming pools?
Just surprise me with something.|The all saints church is a terrific site for architecture buffs.  It's on Jesus Land and has free admission.
Can you tell me their postcode?|The post code is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me?  I'd like to leave The Gonville Hotel by 24:00, going to All Saints Church.|Sure, I've booked a red honda for you. Its contact number is 07371414690.
Thank you, you have been very helpful. I think that is all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy the church. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel called a and b quest house.|A and B Guesthouse is a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse at 124 Tenison Road, on the east side of town. Would you like a room there?
I need a room for 1 person, for 5 nights, beginning on Saturday. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : OBK1YKXC.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat.|There are lots of fine eateries in the city - what type of food are you interested in? And are you looking for a particular price range?
I'd like to try crossover food at a moderately priced restaurant.|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I look for something else?
How about one that serves Indian food?|The curry prince is in the east part of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book it at 14:00 on Saturday for 1.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H2DF3481. Will there be anything else today?
No. I don't need anything else. Thank you and bye.|You are welcome, enjoy the stay at Cambridge.
Can you tell me about the city centre north b and b hotel?|It's a guesthouse in the north. It's cheap, and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
Yes please.  We will be arriving on Sunday for 3 nights.  There are 7 of us.|Oh great. your booking was successful and your reference number is EBL4A5DL.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre area, what do you recommend?|There are many is there a type of food you'd prefer?
I would prefer portuguese food please.|Nandos City Centre is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yeah I want a table for 7 people on sunday at 18:00|I cannot book it for you. Would you like any more information?
Is the 17:00 time slot available for 7?|I can book it for you at 17:00 but I need to know what day, I can do Monday for you.
Is there another restaurant in that area with portuguese food?|Sorry for the confusion, I booked the restaurant for you and the reference number is 6UDMBSI2. Anything else today?
I need a taxi. I want to be taken from the hotel to nandos city centre, arriving by 17:00. Please give me the car and contact information|Your all set! A blue volkswagon will be picking you up the contact number is 07525527431, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thanks for all of your help you've been great!|You are welcome enjoy !
I'm looking for information on a hotel called the lensfield hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south area.  It offers internet and parking. Contact them at 01223355017. Thank you and have a great day!
Ummm...can you book that for me? Or do I have to call the hotel myself?|I can definitely do that for you - when would you like to arrive?
I need to stay for 5 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.|how long is your stay? I am only showing the lensfield hotel, it has 3 stars and free internet and parking
Lensfield sounds perfect.  I will need 5 nights please.|And how many people will be staying?
3 for 5 nights starting wednesday, and I need the reference # then too please|your all set reference # is N970M2RY. Something else I can help you with?
I need a cab by 12:30 too the contact # and car type will be most helpful|Is it Monday then? I want to make sure this is correct. (roles are reversed)
Yes it is Monday, sorry for any confusion|anything else I can assist you with today?
still need a cab by my booked time, 12:30 please|I need to know where you are traveling to
the hotel to the restaurant please|I am sorry we didn't reserve a table for you at any restaurant,  would you like to do that now?
yes, expensive french food for 3 people at 12:30 on monday|Sure, just need one more piece of info to complete your taxi booking. Which restaurant will the taxi be taking you to?
I need to make a reservation! An expensive french restaurant 3 people on monday at 12:30, I should have just called myself|I reserved a table at cote for you, ref # is ZLK6W3CY.
The roles are reversed- I need a cab now|I STILL NEED THAT CAB!
Thank you that is all I need|Thank you and enjoy your stay !
I need a hotel close to downtown Cambridge please.|I assume you mean the center of town? We have many hotels in Cambridge covering all price ranges.
I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking clearly. I'm looking for a place in the West. I need free wifi as well, please.|There are four places to stay in the west that provide internet. What price range would you prefer?
I don't care about the price range, but do you have one that is a guesthouse?|Yes, there are two when will you need the room?
Does one of those two have free parking? If so, I'll book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting Friday.|They both have free parking and internet.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate priced?
I don't mind cheap as long as it's still reasonably nice.|I recommend Finches Bed & Breakfast. It's cheap, but still 4 stars. Would you like a reservation?
I need to book 4 people for 5 nights starting friday please|I'm sorry, but I wasn't able to book for 5 nights.  Would you be able to stay a different day, or for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night?|Your booking was successful with a reference number EGRKXU88. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.|How about the Broughton House Gallery?
Okay can you provide me with their address, phone number and postcode please?|Sure.  The phone number is 01223314960 and it's located at 98 King Street at CB11LN.
Thank you so much for all your help!|You are very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the help I will need today.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good evening.
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street|I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please.|I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.|Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.|Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range|Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I'm looking for a hotel in the south.|i have along list. can you specify the kind of food you want?
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi.  It should be in the cheap price range, like a guesthouse.|I recommend Rosa's bed and breakfast, it is in the south, offers internet and is inexpensive.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CYBPDKAZ.
Great! I am also looking for a Tuscan restaurant, are there any in the same price range as the bed and breakfast?|I am sorry I don't have any Tuscan restaurants in that price range. Can I try a different price range?
No Tuscan restaurants? I also like Italian food. Anything in the cheap price range?|I have options in the centre, north and west areas. Do you have preference on the area?
No, you can just choose the one you think is best. And then I'll want to book it for 8 people on monday at 18:00. Give me reference number please|Pizza Hut City servers Italian and is cheap. Its in the center of town. Its address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I please have the reference number?|Your table is reserved under Ref#PHEI0U6B. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all. Thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are over 20 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay?
Cheap price and North part of town|One of your options is Worth House, it has a 4-star rating, would you like me to book it for you?
Let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting wednesday|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 0HRI1K18. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train|Ok, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day?
My plan is to depart from Cambridge this Saturday.|Where will you be arriving at?
I'm going to london liverpool street. I want my train to leave after 14:45.|I have one leaving at 15:59. Will that work?
Yes,  that's perfect.  Can you please book it for the same party and provide me with a reference number.|You are all set, the cost is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .The Reference number is : P11XWALE
Great, thanks for your help!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello, I'm trying to find info about a particular attraction in town called adc theatre. Can you help me?|Yes I can help you,I have locate adc theater do you want  the address?
Yes please, including the postcode.  Is there an entrance fee?|Their contact number is 01223300085. It does not look like there is an entrance fee but I would call just to be sure.
Thanks! I also need a 4-star place to stay that has free parking.|I have found 5 matches that meet your criteria. How about the acorn guest house?
Sounds great,and I will take it!|Would you like for me to try and make a reservation?
On second thought, I'm actually looking for a hotel.  Same criteria, but it needs to be in the moderate price range.|Acorn guest house is a great fit! Want more info?
What area is it in?|Acorn Guest House is at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like more info, or would you like to go ahead and book it?
Do you know the area the hotel is located in?|acorn guest house is in the North of town. Is there anything else?
Hi I am looking for some info on the Worth House hotel.|The worth house hotel is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the north. It provides parking and internet. The address is 152 chesterton road postcode cb41da. The phone number is 01223316074.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Can I make a reservation for you?
I'm not ready to book but I appreciate your help. Thanks!|You're welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you'd like to make a reservation later.
I would like to know more about Rosa's b&b|Sure Rosa's is located on the south side of town, is in the cheap price range and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Can you book me a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?|I'm sorry Rosa's does not have rooms available for those days.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, do you have a different cheap hotel available?|I have none in the same area, would a different are be okay?
Just please can you find a place in the same price range. I'll need a reference number please.|Alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked, reference number is A36615HD.
Thank you so much!|Thank you for using our system!
Good afternoon, can you help me find an expensive place to stay in the town centre?|I sure can.  I found a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel.  Do you have a preference?
It should be a hotel type hotel not a guesthouse|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre of town is in the expensive price range?
Yes, that sounds good.  Could you reserve a room for 5 people checking in on Saturday?  I think we'll stay for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KRJNYV0Q.
Great, thank you for your help.|You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you , good day to you.
I'm looking for some moderately priced accommodations for my visit. Can you help me with that?|Absolutely! Is there a specific area of town you're interested in?
No, but I'd like to stay in a 4 star hotel that offers free parking.|We have nine moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses with free parking. Does location matter?
No, but are there any that are less expensive?|Yes there are 8 cheap guesthouses that have both free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you one of those?
I'm sorry, I actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Are there any moderately priced 4 star hotels?|All the hotels are booked.
Are there any cheap hotels?|I found the cambridge belfry lcoated at back lane, cambourne.  Would you like me to book you there?
That sounds fine, I just need the postcode though.|The postcode for The Cambridge Belfry is cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also tell me about places to go in the centre?|Sure, what are you interested in?
Anything is fine as long as it is in the centre.|I'm not sure what I need to get you?
How about a college to visit?|The centre is filled with colleges, 13 in total. I recommend emmauel college located on Saint Andrew's Street it is free to visit.
Great! Can you get me their phone number and postcode?|Postal code is cb23ap, phone number is 01223334200, any other questions today?
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for calling.
I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.|Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.|There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north please.|There are two guesthouses fulfilling your requirements. Do you prefer city centre north b and b with zero stars or worth house with 4 stars?
Um, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse. How about the moderate price range?|We have two hotels that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes I would, for 5 people please for 2 nights starting on Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : RF3EBI6I. Anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|thank you for using this service good bye
Yes, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to know about museums in the area.|is there a certain area of town you would prefer?
No, there isn't. Could you recommend one?|I suggest the broughton house gallery. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes I am looking for a hotel named El Shaddai.|I have a listing for that. Would you like to book you a room?
I would like the address, whether they have internet, and phone number, please.|The address is 41 warkworth street, phone number 01223327978. Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests.
Thank you so much for this information.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all for now, thank you.|Great thank you.  Have a good day!
I'm looking for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.|I was able to find it, would you like to book a room there?
Yes please, for 5 nights starting Sunday, there will be 8 people in my party.|All right, you have a reservation beginning Sunday for 5 nights for a party of 8 at Rosa's. Your reference number is 8E3J63R1.
Great, thanks. I am also looking to book a train for this Friday. I am hoping to leave after 08:45.|What is your destination?
I'm headed to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.|There are 8 trains fitting your criteria. TR7057 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 09:59. Would you like to book this train?
Possibly, what time does it arrive at London Liverpool Street?|The 9:59 train leaves Cambridge and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 11:27.
What's the travel time on that trip?|It takes the TR7057 88 minutes to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
Thank you for your help, I'll pick up tickets at the station.|No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, I think that is it, enjoy your day!|Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.  Can you assist me?|what kind of place are you looking for? area?
I would like a hotel in the north that has free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book the room and can I have the reference number|Booking for 1 night for 1 person from monday was successful. Your reference number is D3MYG9R0. Can I assist with anything else, restaurant, attractions?
I also need a Wednesday train to Cambridge.|I have found several trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
Actually I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|Is there a certain time you are wanting to leave?
I need it to arrive by 21:00.|15 trains match your needs. Do you want to complete a booking?
Yes. Please choose the first available train and book it for 6 people. Then give me the reference number|I was able to book train TR0677 and you reference number is 6VAA5F0P.
Thank you.  That is all I need for now.|Have a wonderful trip.
Yes I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on monday, would you please help me with that?|I can help you with that! We have many options available on Monday, where are you travelling from?
I am travelling from Peterborough. I would also like to arrive by 15:00.|TR9063 arrives in Cambridge on Monday at 14:38, would you like to make a reservation?
Book it for 6 people.|I went ahead and booked that train. Your reference number is TQDMTW4Z. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay too.|Do you have an area, price range, or star rating in mind?
A FOUR STAR RATING,WITH A PRICE RANGE IN THE NEIGHBORHHOOD OF 1000 POUNDS. PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO BE IN THE LONDON,ENGLAND AREA IF I MAY TO BE NEAR THE CLUBS.|Just for clarification would you like to be in the city centre?
Just as long as it is located in the south.|With a 4-star rating and located in the south, I have 2 options. Both are guesthouses. One is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the other is Rosa's Bed & Breakfast.
Either one works, I need to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday.  I'll also need a reference number.|I was able to book you at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people.  Your reference number is ZJMOAB2L.
Thank you so much! Goodbye|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a good day. Good bye.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.|Home from Home is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from Saturday.|I was able to book your room for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.  The reference number is : SV1VVPV4.  Is there anything else you need?
That will do it.  Thank you for your assistance!  Have a good day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Actually, I also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling?
Im traveling to Cambridge from london liverpool street arriving by 11:45 the day of my hotel booking.|Train #TR0357 leaves at 9:39 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, thank you. I don't need a ticket at this time.|Ok! Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all for now. Thank you.|Ok, thank you. Have a good day.
Can you help me find a place to eat in the expensive price range in the south part of town?|What about the cambridge chop house. The address is: 1 Kings Parade. You you like me to book a table?
Yes!  Can you book for 2 people at 14:15 on this Sunday?|I was able to book your party of 2 into The Chop House on Sunday at 14:15 Reference: MUWLBLLW.  May I assist with more today?
Great that will be all we need.|Are you sure there is nothing more I can help with today?
Actually yes I will be needing somewhere to stay too please. A 3 star hotel in the same area and price range as my restaurant.|I have one matching result. It is the lensfield hotel. Do you want to reserve a room?
Yes please, two people for two nights on sunday.|Ok, I've booked the Lensfield Hotel for you for 2 people and 2 nights starting Sunday
Do you have a reference number?|Reference number is : E9BM21NJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This time that is everything, thank you for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I am looking for a 3 star expensive place to stay in Cambridge.|The gonville hotel is available and fits your requirements if you would like to book that just let me know.
That sounds good!|When would you like me to book this for you and how many people will be staying?
I'd like to travel there myself, may I have the address?|The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for places to that are near the hotel|Yes certainly. Do you have a food type or price range preference?
I forgot to ask, does the Gonville hotel include free wifi and is it in the centre?|Yes, the Gonville hotel is located near the centre and offers Internet connectivity. Would you like any more information about the hotel or proceed?
Actually, I'm looking for an attraction in the area of the hotel.|Old Schools seems like a pretty unique experience. Would you like more information?
Can I get the address please?|Old Schools is located on trinity lane and is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the precise address please?|Their postcode is cb21tt trinity lane, if you need more info you can call them at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that should be it. Thanks!|Thank you and have a great trip!
I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and I'd like free wifi please.|I've found Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park
Does that hotel include free parking and have 2 stars?|Yes it does. Would you like me to book it?
No, thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
Actually, I also need a moderate priced restaurant in the same area.|I can find a few that meet that criteria, would you like Indian, or Italian food?
Well, everyone said it s my choice, so I think I would like Italian.|Okay the pizza hut fen ditton fits that criteria. It is located in Cambridge Retail Park.
Could you provide me with the address, phone number and postcode?|Sure.  The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditto, the postcode is cb58wr, and the phone number is 01223323737.
OK, thank you, that is everything that I need.|you are welcome. its our pleasure to serve you.
I need lodgings, and I'd like to stay in an expensive guesthouse.|Our database doesn't list an expensive guesthouse, would you like me to try something else?
I would like a 4 star hotel, in an expensive guesthouse please.  Thanks!|I don't have anything in that area that meets those criteria.  Can I try searching something else?
What about a moderate priced one instead?|I have 11 results. Do you prefer to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't have an area preference.|I located  avalon guesthouse located north, is a 4 and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for how many guest, days and starting on what day?
Do you know what area that is in and whether they have internet?|They are wifi capable and in the north area, would you like more information or a booking?
Can I please have the address along with post code?|Sure, the address is 62 Gilbert Road and the postcode is cb43pd.
Thanks, that takes care of everything for me. Have a good one!|Have a great time on your trip.
I need to take a train into Cambridge on Wednesday.|I found 202 trains that day, do you have a departure location you would like to start at?
I am leaving Birmingham New Street and would like to arrive by 17:15, can you book that for me?|No problem. How many seats would you like to book?
Make it for three people, and tell me the reference number.|I have booked your train tickets for 3 passengers. It is leaving Birmingham New Street at 10:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:23. Your reference number is OICBJMQ6. The total price is 225.3 GBP and will be payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can I get booking at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?|Of course, I will need to know when you are staying, how long, and how many will be in your party.
We'll need it for the same day, Wednesday, for the same 3 people. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.|I am very sorry I was unable to book for 5 nights at the alpha-milton guest house.  Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Ok, well how about 3 nights instead?|They did in have fact have rooms for 3 days. Your reference number is 54927PC2.
Great thank you. What is the address for the Alpha-Milton?|63 Milton Road.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that will be everything today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves American food and is in the center of town.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street in City Centre.
That sounds good.  Can you provide me with their contact info?|Their phone number is 01223312598. Do you need more information?
What is the price range?|It is expensive, but very good.
I also need a hotel called lovell Lodege|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I need to find a train to bishops stortford please.|When will you be departing and where will you be departing from?
I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive by 14:30 in Bishops Stortford.|There 35 trains to choose from, do you have a preference on a date and departure time?
Yes, I'd like to leave Thursday, what are the departure times and travel times?|The first leaves at 05:29 and the last pulls out at 13:29. How many tickets please?
That's not necessary. I need a place to stay too.|Okay, do you know what sort of place you want or where located?
I need a hotel in the west ,  free parking is not necessary but it should be rated 4 stars.|How about finches bed and breakfast? They are in the west and have an excellent 4 stars. Free internet and parking!
Sounds great. Can I get more information on finches bed and breakfast please?|Finches address is 144 thornton road, postcode cb30nd.  May I book it for you?
Would it be possible to book it for eight people for four nights?|Okay, when would you like to begin your stay?
On Sunday, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : JFMQZLIX. Is there something else I can assist you with?
No thank you that was all I needed.  Good bye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
i need a train  from stansted airport  to cambridge|What day and approximately what time will you be traveling to Cambridge?
I need to get there by 20:30 on Wednesday.|You could grab the TR3828 leaving stansted airport it will get you there by 09:52.
Can you get me there a little bit earlier?|How about 05:24 that is the earliest, how many tickets please?
There will be 8 of us.|Okay, I have you booked for train TR5910. The total fee is 80.8 GDP.  Is there anything more I can do for you?
I also need a guesthouse for 8 and needs to be a 4 star|There are 5 different options that fit that criteria, 2 in the east, 2 in the north, and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Which of those have free wifi?|There are actually 18 different options to choose from. Is there a certain part of the city you'd like to stay in, or a particular price point?
Any price point is fine as long as it is 4 star and has free parking.|How about Allenbell?
Sure, Can I have a reference Number?|I need some more information first. What day will you be checking in on, and how many days will you be staying for? And how many people?
Actually, I change my mind. I will take care of the booking later. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you contacting us, it was a pleasure to help. If you need any assistance feel free to contact us again, goodbye.
I'd like to find out if there are any 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge|There are quite a few.  What area do you prefer?
I'm open to any area as long as there is free wifi.|Then I recommend the a and b guest house. Would you like me to book you a room?
Does that also have free parking available?|No, it doesn't. Should I recommend you a place with free parking instead?
no but i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called bangkok city|Bangkok City is an expensive thai restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb23jx. Would you like a reservation?
All I needed today was the address, thank you.|thank you for inquiring with us.
I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay that has free wifi.|Great, I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you'd like be?
I need the place to be in the east part of town.|Allenbell is in the east with a 4 star rating. It has free internet and parking. Would you like to reserve a room?
please and I need postcode and confirm number|Postal code is cb13js, before I book, how many people and nights and starting which day?
I would like it for 3 people 2 nights starting sunday please.|Reference number is : U1WO8E7E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book an expensive Chinese restaurant.|We have 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Same area as the hotel. I need a reservation for 3 at 17:30 on Sunday and please provide the reference number.|Yu garden is a good choice. I've booked a table for 3 at 17:30 on sunday. Reference number is FT3SRQ1R. Reservations are held for 15 minutes. Need anything else today?
No, that's all I need, thanks!|Bye now, then. Have a nice day.
Hello I am looking for a good, cheap, Spanish restaurant.Is there any that you can recommend?|La raza is a cheap restaurant that serves spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
Is that located in the centre?|It is indeed in the city centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes. Friday. 2 people. 17:30.|I have made your reservation at La Raza for 17:30 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OS5VNH62. Do you need anything else?
Ok, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:30.|No problem. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from the restaurant.|alright, then what is your destination please
I guess I need to book the hotel first.  Is there a guesthouse in the same area as La Raza?|There are two guesthouses in the centre. I recommend el shaddai
Do they have internet and what is the phone number?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has internet and the phone number is 01223525725.
Does the Alexander Bed and Breakfast also have free parking?|Yes they have free parking and wifi.
Please go ahead and book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me.|I will book but I need to know how many people and for what day?
for 2 on friday|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is OSNXB1IR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What car will be picking me up?|A grey honda is booked. You can call 07936397340 to reach them.
Thanks for all the bookings. I'm ready for my visit now. Take care. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need the address to a college in town|any specific price range to help narrow down available options?
Yes, what are the entrance fees?|I'd recommend Christ's College, it's free to enter.
Thank you I also would like to get a place to stay in the south.|I have many options. Do you have preference on price?
The price doesn't matter it just needs to be a hotel. I don't need internet.|The lensfield hotel is a match for you. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye.
Hello, I am wondering if you can help me with some information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?|Sure thing.  It is on the north side of town and is on the lower end of the price range. It also has internet access!
What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223312843.  Do you have any other questions?
I'm also looking for a train from norwich to get to the hotel on the same day as I book.|Sure thing. What day are you booking you hotel?
The hotel booking is for 4 people starting Monday. We will stay 2 nights. I need the train from Norwich to arrive in Cambridge by 15:15. Please provide reference numbers.|The hotel booking was successful. Your reference number is 51WCMSMB. How many tickets would you like for the train?
Great I also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking and departs from norwich.|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets right now. I just need to know the departure time, travel time, and price for that train, please.|I understand. The TR3087 would depart at 13:16, and have you in Cambridge around 14:35. It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket, and takes 79 minutes travel time.
That's all I needed, thanks so much for the assistance!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend a 0-star hotel with free WiFi, please?|Surprisingly, I have three options. How about Citiroomz? It is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
The would be great. Can I have the address and phone number?|Yes certainly their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their telephone number is 01223304050.
Great I need to book it for 4 nights|How many people will be staying and when would you like to stay?
It will be for 2 people starting on Wednesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.|I am unable to book this for you. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about tuesday?|I apologize, but it looks like saturday is not working either.
Try tuesday please.|I'm sorry tuesday isn't working either.
I suppose I'll book it myself, then. Can you tell me about the Soul Tree Nightclub? What part of town is it in?|It is in the Center of town. What else would you like to know?
I need the entrance fee and address.|The entrance fee is 4 pounds and the address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Anything else?
Yes I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub and i need to leave by 22:15.And may i have car type and confirmation # please?|Okay a red honda will be coming for you. The number is 07945880615
How much will the ride cost?|The system is unable to provide me with such information is there anything else?
No that would be all. Thank You. Goodbye|Good Bye thank you for calling
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Do you have a price range preference?
I don't really mind about price, but I would like a 4 star guesthouse with wifi located on the east side.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would. I need it for 3 nights & 3 people starting on Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : DKE7156L. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you tell me about the restaurants neat the hotel?|Sure I have Chinese, Indian, Gastropub and British food to name a few. Some expensive. Some moderate.
I am looking for Indian food.|Do you have a price range?
no price range but I would need the postcode and phone number|The Curry Prince would be a good choice. The postcode is cb58jj. The phone number is 01223566388. Do you need a reservation?
No thanks, just gethering info for the real boos, my wife.  I have no further questions.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I can't wait to get there and see some of the local attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me?|I sure can! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse please. It also needs to have 4 stars and free parking.|I have several nice guest houses that fit your request. What part of town do you prefer?
I am pretty indecisive so none.  Can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Your reservation at limehouse for this tuesday for 3 days 2 nights for 3 people was successful. Your Reference number is : OVCFXDNP.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed help with today.|You are welcome.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.|I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.|TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel|The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride.  Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : G368B2VI.  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi|I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.|What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
Again, 3 star with free wifi. I don't care about the price. It has to be in the centre, though.|The Gonville Hotel will meet all of your needs.  Would you like me to book it?
No, not yet. I just need the postcode.|Okay, the postcode is cb11ly. What else can I help with?
That is all, thank you for your help today.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for an attraction to visit in the west that involves architecture, any suggestions?|I am not showing any in that part of town, ould you like me to try other areas?
How about a museum in the west?|Sure.  I think a fun place to visit is Cafe Jello Gallery.
Oh that does sound fun. What is the entrance fee? Also can I have the address and postcode?|The Cafe Jello Gallery offers free admission. They are located at 13 Magdalene Street. You can reach them at 01223312112. Their postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for a particular hotel named huntington marriott hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a beautiful and expensive hotel in the west. They have a 4-star rating and offer both free wifi and free parking.
Thanks, what type of hotel is it?|It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
That is fine. That's all, thank you! goodbye.|Did you need to book a room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel? I can help you out with that.
what type of hotel is it?|It is a 4 star hotel. Would you like to book this hotel?
Not just yet.  I have everything I need for today.  Thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You too, and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I want to know if any trains run on Sunday?|Yes, I have 404 trains running on Sunday. Where are you departing from?
I'll be heading to Cambridge from Stevenage, and I'd like to arrive on Sunday by 12:45, please.|How about train TR8799, which departs on Sunday at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51?
That sounds good, how much is a ticket?|The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please go ahead and book that for me. I am also looking for a place to stay and can you find me a Guest house with free wifi?|I'm unsure if the wifi at Alexander Bed and Breakfast is free but it is cheap and in the center of town and definitely does have internet access. Would that do?
Actually, I would prefer a guesthouse is the north.|Okay I have many options. Any price preferences?
no, i just need to know the price|I would recommend Archway House, it is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like a reservation?
Okay.  I would like to book the Archway House for three nights and for one person starting on Sunday and what is the price.|Perfect, the Archway House is booked for one person. The reference number is XXA3VM1F. The price is not listed online, the phone number is 01223575314.
Is there an email I can contact them at?|we do not have email contact information on the venues. but you can call them if you like. their phone number is 01223575314.
That would be all thanks you very much|OK, thank you for choosing to visit cambridge, enjoy your stay.
Actually, I'm sorry. Would you be able to confirm that the hotel you've booked has wifi? I don't have that in my notes.|The Archway House has wifi. Also, I see that the train was not booked. I can book the TR8225 leaving stevanage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43. OK?
I don't actually need the train booked yet, I just needed to know the price. I think I have everything I need now, thanks for your help!|The price is 10.24 pounds per ticket.
Thank you for looking that up for me.|You are welcome. Are you sure that all your questions have now been answered? I can wait.
Yes that is everything thank you for all your help. Goodbye|You are welcome! Have a great trip to cambridge!
Hello, I would like information on the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|Sesame Restaurant and bar number 01223358899 and it's address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I would like to make an appointment for 7 people at 6PM on Monday.|I have booked your request for 7 people at the Sesame Restaurant and Bar, located at 17 Hills Road City Centre for 6PM on Monday.
Can I have the reference number please?|Yes certainly. However, there seems to be an error. I was unable to book that time. Is there another time I could book for you?
Is 5PM available instead?|Yes it is. I have booked a table for you at 17:00 on Monday for 7 people. The reference number is CZ3JGGJP.
Great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need a hotel that includes free Wi-Fi and free parking|i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria, what price range are you looking for?
Do you have an expensive guesthouse?|Unfortunately there are no guesthouses that are in the expensive price range.
How about a cheap one?|I have found 9 guesthouses that meet that requirement. Is there a certain area you would prefer to stay in?
Is there one close to the area I booked the restaurant reservation?|Yes I have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the city center. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I would just like the star rating, postcode, and phone number of the establishment.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse. The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That takes care of everything. Thank you for the help.|Alright, have a nice day!
I would like a four star hotel.|I can help you with that.  Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
No but I need it to have free parking and cheap.|There are several like that. Would you like to book a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, or perhaps one of the others?
I'm looking for a hotel type place to stay. Are any of those hotels?|The Cambridge belfry is a four star hotel in the cheap price range.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Cambridge Belfry sounds great, can I get the reference number once you make that reservation?|What day do you want to start your stay, for how many days, and how many people?
4 people, 5 nights on saturday. If that's not available try a different one same price range.|I am sorry. I could not make that booking. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes one that is in the same price range.|Autumn house is a cheap guest house in the east. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. That sounds great. Please try to book it.|That one was successful! Your reference number is REZ4BR01.
Thank you. That's all I needed today.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!
I would like to find some info on the warkworth house hotel.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse hotel located in the east.  It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. The Warkworth house provides internet and parking.
I am looking to book at the warkworth hotel.|What day will you be coming in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|You are all set, the reference number is S42UNZJV, can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the address of the Warkworth house?|Yes, the address is Warkworth Terrace cb11ee.  Is there anything else I can find for you?
I would like some information about the Museum of Classical Archaeology.|What information are you looking for?
Just the postcode and entrance fee please.|They offer free admission to the museum. The postcode is cb39da. Anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay!
I need to know more about the Alexander bed and breakfast.|Alexander B and B is one of our higher rated guesthouses in the centre of town.  It is 4 stars, but is surprisingly cheap.  Can I get you any specific information?
I would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|Yes, I can book it now.
Is there a reference number associated with the booking?|Hi, I'm the supervisor, I have taken over for the rep, my apologies, you booking is set, the reference number is VY2TZJWT.  Can  I help with anything else?
I need information on India House, a restaurant.  I need to book for 5 people at 16:45 for Wednesday, please.|It's an expensive Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Your reference number is 1ETONEKW.
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|Yeah, anytime let us know if you need anything else.
Thank you that is all I need today.|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your meal and your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|What kind of attraction are you interested in?
Are there any outdoor festivals or activities? I'll need the postcode and phone number.|There are 79 activities in the town center. How may I help narrow your search?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, which one is the best?|Club Salsa looks good.
Ok, please give me Club Salsa's postcode and phone number.  I also want to find a hotel in the same area.|Their phone number is 07782218745 and the post code is cb12jb.  What sort of hotel are you looking for and in what area?
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|We have 5 hotels available that are located in the centre of town.
Which hotels are rated 4 stars and offer free parking? Can I have a phone number for those hotels?|sure theres two hotels, 01223525725 and 01223351241
What are their names?|They are Alexander Bed and Breakfast and University Arms Hotel.  Do you have a preference?
No, not at this time.  I just needed the information.  Thank you and have a nice day.|Thank you. Goodbye!
I want to find a place to eat Chinese in the cheap price range.|I have 3 chinese restaurants located in city centre that meet your price range request.  Can I book one for you?
Not today, can you recommend one of them to me?|i recomend golden house. it is in the centre in 12 lensfield road city centre. can i give you the address
I would like to book a table there.|For what time?
book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on saturday and give me reference number|The reference number for you reservation is BCYNHP5W.
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay at a hotel called Lovell Lodge, can you help me with that?|The Lovell Lodge is a moderately priced 2 star hotel in the north part of town.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people, 3 nights on Saturday.|I am very sorry, the system for booking hotel rooms seems to be down.  Can I do anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Just the room booked.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WWYPAB14. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.|Thanks you and goodbye.
I'd like to find a good restaurant in the center.|We have many options available in Centre. Is there a specific price range or cuisine type you are interested in?
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.  I think asian oriental sounds good.|The Yippee Noodle Bar matches your request perfectly. They are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I'm not sure right now. May I please have the postcode?|The postcode is cb11lh.
Thank you! I am also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant. Can you help with that too?|Yes I have two guesthouses located in the city center in the cheap price range. do you have a preference?
I need it to have free parking and internet.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast and The El Shaddai both offer internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation with either guesthouse?
Yes, either one is fine.|How many days and for how many people?
I'm sorry, no booking please, just need their postcode and phone number.|Sure! Alexander Bed and Breakfast's number is 01223525725 and the postcode is CB12DE.
Also, what is the price range of the hotel?|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range.
OK, I also want to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant.|Of course, at what time would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 5:15|Ok, a yellow audi is booked.
Thank you.  Would you also give me the contact number for the taxi?|Contact number for the taxi is 07491658422. Will there be anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I am going to visit and was told about the a and b guest house. Could you help me with that?|Of course! It's a moderate guesthouse in the east with four stars and free wifi. It's located at 124 tenison road cb12dp. May I help with anything else?
What's the phone number and how many stars is it?|4 stars, moderate priced. Their phone is 01223315702. Free internet and located in the east.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre of town and I need it to be expensive.|There are 33 restaurants to choice from that are expensive. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'd love to try some European food.|Okay, we can make are reservation for you at Eraina.  What time?
Yes, I need a table for 7 please at 18:00.|Can I also get the information on what day you would like to go?
This is for Thursday. Make sure to give a reference number, I need this dinner to go smoothly.|Reference number is 1JM8JOYF. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I am looking for 0 star lodging with free parking included|We have two places. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre area?
I'm not picky about the area of town I stay, but I would like it to be a guesthouse.|Okay, there is one located in the north and one in the centre.
Can you please recommend one and book it for 5 nights?|What dates are you interested in staying?
Starting from Wednesday, looking to stay for 5 nights. Is that available?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PQWL74M2
That would be it thank you very much.|Thank you, have a good day!
I'm looking for the Avalon.|The Avalon is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of town. They offer free parking and free internet.
Great. Would you please see if you can book a party of 8 for 5 nights beginning Thursday?|Booking was successful. You're reference number is TLLGQVMH.
Great, thanks.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.|Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.|What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter  as long as I can leave after 9:00.|I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?|There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range.|Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
I'm looking for a Belgian food restaurant in the centre. Can you help me?|There are no Belgian places in Centre at this time. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
Yes. Please try European food in the Centre.|we dont have a place that matches those qualities. can you try something else?
What restaurants are located in the centre?|There are many can I get a price range you are looking for?
I am not concerned with price.|Can I interest you in a moderately priced restaurant called Yippee Noodle Bar, an Asian Oriental restaurant in the city centre?
Yes that would be fine. Please make reservations for 8 people at 11:15 on wednesday.|I have booked you for 8 people at 11:15 on Wednesday at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is: TCLMEX5I
I'm also wanting to stay at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  Can you help with that?|Sure thing would you like a reservation?
Yes. Three nights, from Wednesday. 8 people.|Good news, the booking of the hotel was successful, and the Reference number is : V3PB9S6V.
Thank you. I also need a taxi two commute between the hotel and restaurant.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for our reservation. Wouldn't want to miss my booked time.|Okay, was there a specific time you were looking for?
Our reservations are for 11:15.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07375849542 and it will be a grey Volvo. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a good night. Bye.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.|I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area.|I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.|Ok I will book it for you
I am looking for a multiple sports location in the centre of town|Unfortunately there are no multiple sports locations in the centre of town.
Hmm, okay. Well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town centre. Could you recommend one?|I can recommend Christ's College. Admission is free.
Sounds good. Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would like to book a hotel that has free wifi. Parking doesn't matter.|I have found 9 hotels with free internet. Do you have a price range you are look for?
I would like it to be not be more that $120 a night.|Does the Gonville hotel work?
Is Gonville hotel in the town centre?|Gonville Hotel is in the "centre" area.
Does the hotel have a star rating of 0?|It has a rating of 3 stars.
I need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. For 3 people, 2 nights starting Thursday please.|How about the El Shaddai? It's at 41 Warkworth Street and it's cheap.
Okay let's try that.|It doesn't look like they have availability for a 2 night stay starting on Thursday. Would you like to book a shorter stay or start a different day?
How about just one night?|I was able to successfully book you for 3 people for a 1 night stay. Your reference number is 9ZKDXB08. Is there anything else I can help with?
One more thing, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will you be departing from El Shaddai Hotel to Christ's College? Also, when would you like the taxi to leave the hotel and arrive at the destination?
I would like the taxi to leave Christ's College by 01:30 and take me to the El Shaddai.|I reserved a Blue Ford for you, contact number 07289393506.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's perfect.  Thanks!|No problem.  Glad you could help.
I am going to visit and would like to go to a nightclub. Any suggestions?|There are 6 nightclubs located in Cambridge. 5 in the Centre and 1 in the South; do you have a preference?
No preference, surprise me. I'll just need the postcode.|The Soul Tree Nightclub I have heard is the best. Their postcode is cb23qf. Anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a hotel with free parking and 4 star rating.|There are 19 hotels available with a 4 star rating and free parking. Would you like to add any additional preferences?
Yes, I'd prefer a hotel over a guesthouse and I need to stay in the north.|I'm afraid no hotel in the north matches your inquiry, perhaps a different star rating?
If there is no hotel availability, I will accept a guesthouse.  Is one available?|Yes, there are 7 guesthouses in the north that meet your needs. 6 are moderate and 1 is cheap. Would you like more information?
Do any of the guesthouses have access to internet for their guests?|yeah all of them do, any other preference?
How about free parking?|They all also offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Could I get the phone number and address of one of them?  Also can you find me a nightclub nearby and give me their postcode?|The Acorn Guest House is at 154 chesterton road, and its phone number is 01223353888. There are no nightclubs in the north part of town.
Okay. Thank you very much for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that takes care of everything.|Okay, I am glad I could help. Have a wonderful day.
I want to book the el shaddai hotel.|No problem. Just give me a date, how many days, and how many people to accommodate please!
I am looking to book it for 4 nights for 5 people starting Tuesday.|I have made that booking for you. Your reference number is E31YXTP1.
That will be it. Thank you very much for your time.|Thank you, have a good day.
Hello. I am coming into town and would like help finding a play to stay.|I can definitely help with that. Let me find out some more information so I can find you the perfect fit. What area of town would you like to stay?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking|We have 21 guesthouses with free parking. Do you need a certain area of town?
No, but I would like for it to be moderately priced. Could you recommend a place?|There are quite a number of them.  If you'd like a 4-star rated guesthouse at the south end of town, I could recommend the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
That will work fine. Could you make a reservation for 3? I'd like it for 5 nights starting Saturday.|Sure.  Your reference number is PFGJJSBO.  Anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!|Thank You for calling us today. Goodbye.
Looking for a museum with free entrance fees.|I can certainly help with that.
Oh, gosh. My daughter doesn't like the sound of that. She wants to explore the city. Can you help me find a train?|Yes, when were you planing on visiting and from where?
I'll be traveling from Leicester to Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are 19 trains that day, do you have a time you'd like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by 10:00. How long will the trip be?|The trip takes 105 minutes. I have one arriving at 09:54.
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 4 star hotel but cheap.|I have a few 4 star hotels in the city that are cheap. Do you have a preference for the area?
Can you give me the address and postcode of one?|56 saint barnabas road postcode ce12de
alexander bed and breakfast
Thank you for all your information.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
nope that's it thanks|Ok great. Have a wonderful day.
I sure hope so. I'd like to find a place to stay, with four stars, in the north.|I have about 8 options for you. They are all guesthouses. Do you have a preferred price range?
Price is not of any concern, just so it has a 4 star rating.|What dates would you like to stay?
Oh, I think I forgot to mention that it needs to be a 4 star guesthouse. I want to book Saturday for 7 people 2 nights.|All the 8 hotels are 4 star hotels. I recommend the Avalon or the Archway House. Should I book one of those for you and your party?
Yes, please book a reservation.|I have successfully booked you for avalon. Reference number is RI8WLX7E. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Sure, what type of attractions are you interested in ?
Let's check out some stuff in the entertainment type.|I've heard really great things about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east area.  Does that sound like something you'd enjoy?
Okay that sounds good.  What is the area and postcode?|It is located in the east and the postcode is CB18DW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay on my trip. I'd prefer a guesthouse in the north.|The Avalon is a popular 4 star guest house on the north side, would you like me to see if they have space available?
Yes please, I need rooms for 7 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|I have your rooms booked, and your reference number is 7BOZNPTN.
Very good, that's all. Thanks.|You are welcome.  Have a great stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology. Do you have any information on this attraction?|Yes, this museum is in the town centre and the entrance is free.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes please if you do not mind.|The address of the Museum is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel called Leverton House. Do you have any information on it?|Yes, I do. The Leverton House is located in the east. It has 4 stars and is relatively cheap. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Phone is 01223292094. Does that help?
Yes, could you book me a room for 4 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 5 of us staying there.|Your booking was a success! Your reference number is 49JMGAFP. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|If you should need anything else, please contact us again. Thank you for using our service.
I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?|Ok, and where are you heading to?
I am heading to Ely.|What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry.  I need to leave after 16:00 going to London Liverpool Street.|The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.|I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please|There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode please?|Yes, I am waiting for my system to load I will have that for you shortly.
Um, ok. Are you read to give me that information now?|01223210353 is the phone number. The postcode is cb13js. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need from you today, Thanks a bunch!|Thank you. Feel free to call back if you need assistance.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.|I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?|we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.|I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free parking, my price range is on the expensive end.|Okay, we have 5 hotels that match your criteria. Is there a specific area you're looking for?
Yes, I'm thinking I'd like it to be in the north.  Does that help?|Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive hotels in the North that have rooms available. Would you like me to try another area or another price range?
What about any in the cheap range?|Worth House is a four star guesthouse on 152 Chesterton Road that seems like a good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, can you please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from thursday?|I booked the room for 5 people and five nights starting on Thursday.  The Reference number is : MCS14SHL.
Thank you that is all I need, goodbye|great, have a wonderful day!
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with 4 stars.|Hi, i have many place to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse type with free wifi please. Also the area and address please.|I found the Leverton House which meets your requirements.  It is in the east at 732-734 newmarket road.  Do you need a reservation?
No, I'll wait on that for now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Glad to have been of assistance. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip and need help finding a place to stay.|Are you looking to stay in a guesthouse or hotel? What are of town do you prefer?
I was thinking a guesthouse on the east side of town|Do you have a price preference? I have both cheap and moderately priced guesthouses available.
I can afford an expensive place, but if there are no rooms a cheap hotel will do as well.|Allenbell is a nice place, cheap.  There wasn't anything expensive.
that is fine. book for 8 people and 5 nights from friday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BLY0KYCW. anything else?
No, that's it.  Thank you for all your help.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Wait!  I forgot something. Can you also tell me about a place called Saint John's College?|Of course. What would you like to know?
What area is it located ?|St. John's College is located in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
No. But I do need a taxi from the hotel to the college.|I can do that. Do you have a departure time or arrival time for your trip?
Yes, of course, how could I forget?! I'd like to leave the hotel by 16:45. Are you able to book for that time?|here are the details,Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07300200666
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome
Okay, well, again, I really appreciate all the help you gave me.|you are welcome. call me if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a train departing london kings cross going to cambridge.|Okay! When would you like the train to depart?
I want the train to leave after 11:00 on Thursday.|TR4216 leaves at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge by 12:08, would you like me to book you tickets for that one?
What is the travel time for that ride?|It is a 51 minute ride. Is that all the information you need?
I also need a place to stay. I would like to find a 3 star holel that has free parking.|Do you have an area of town in mind?
No, I am open to different areas. I would like something expensive though. Oh, and make that with free parking and wifi.|I have two to choose from. One in the center and one in the south. Which would you prefer?
The center one is good. Could you provide me with the room type hotel or guesthouse) and the address, postcode as well.|The gonville hotel is a hotel located on gonville place, cb11ly. Phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks so much! Have a great day. Goodbye|You too. Thank you. Goodbye
I dont want wifi, just somewhere with four stars.|All of the 4 star hotels I have listed have wifi. Is that okay or would you like me to look for a hotel with a different star rating?
I guess it's OK if they have it, as long as they won't charge me for not using it. But 4-star accommodations are a must.|I have two 4-star hotels on the west side and one in city centre. Do you have a location preference?
Are there any in the South side of the city?|I have nothing in the south that matched your criteria, only west and centre.
How about a place in any area with free wifi.|Okay I have the Cambridge Belfry which is a 4 star cheap hotel in the west part of the city. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, please.|For how many nights and how many people will be staying?
I need it for 7 people for 4 nights staring from Tuesday please.|I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Yes please and in the same price range.|Okay I was able to book you into the Marriott Hotel and your reference number is CQE0WWXH.
Thank you so much for your help.|Will you be needing anything else today?
Nope. You have been so helpful. Thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the north. I hate internet.|Alpha milton guesthouse is a nice laid back place and does not include internet, does that sound like a good fit for you?
Is that a 4-star place?|No, it's a 3 star guesthouse. Do you want to look for something different?
Sorry, I was just kidding about the hating internet part. I do need a place that has free wifi.|I have 8 guesthouses in the north with free wifi, one is cheap the others are in the moderate price range.
Any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 2 nights starting on monday?|I've booked your group of 6 a room at Acorn Guest House. You'll be staying for 2 night beginning on Monday. Your reference number is 76ODNSBF.
Thank you so much for all your help.|welcome anytime you ant our help
I am  looking for a particular attraction.|Do you have the name of the particular attraction you are looking for or the type of attraction you need?
regency gallery, do you have their phone number?|yes, it is 01223365454
OK, thank you so much, that is all that I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an hotel in the north.|I have 2 hotels in the north both priced moderately the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge.
The Ashley Hotel will work for me.|Ok would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book a room for me.|Sure, I can do that.  When were you looking to stay?
I need rooms for 5 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday. If you could make a reservation that would be great.|You are all set! Your reference number for you booking is 8CAZN8ND. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i am looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.|There are no entertainment type attractions in the centre, shall I look up another area or attraction type?
How about a museum instead?|There are 11 museums including  cambridge contemporary art, museum of archaelogy and anthropology, and whipple museum of the history of science.
I would like the phone number and entrance fee to the Whipple Museum.|The museum is reachable at 01223330906 and there is no charge for admission.
Thank you for your time.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I would like more information on a hotel called cityroomz for my trip to Cambridge.|Cityroomz is a moderate priced accommodation, located in the city centre, on Station Road. May I assist with a booking?
No, I just need to know if they have free internet.|Yes, Cityroomz does have free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also would like information on a place to eat in the centre of town.|I can definitely help you with that.  Was there a specific type of cuisine you were interested in?
Yes I was interested in European food in expensive price range|Eraina is a great european restaurant in the centre of town. It's located at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please, I would like their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223368786. Is their anything else I may assist you with?
That's all I needed today, thank you.|Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.|I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?|Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side|I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.|How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?|Where do you want to travel to and from?
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 11:15. I am going to stevenage|What day would you like to leave Cambridge?
I'll be leaving on Sunday.|The TR5390 would be great, do you need a booking?
Yes please book it for 1 ticket. I'll also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : HBX3KMT9.
Thanks so much! Could I get the phone number for the Acorn Guesthouse?|their phone number is 01223353888. would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I'd just like to have the information for now.|Okay thank you so much for the help.
That is all I need.|Hope you have a wonderful stay!
I need a hotel that is 4 stars on the east side of town.|There are 6 places that fit your criteria and they are all guesthouses. Would you prefer a cheap or moderate pricerange?
I don't care about the price range, but I would like free parking.|I've discovered 5 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Would you like to specify any additional information? If not, I can book a room for you.
Would any of the ones you mention have a 4-star rating as well as free parking?|The carolina bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the east area, with free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like to book for 2 people for 5 nights starting Monday. I will also need the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is GNBKO467. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I also need something to do in the east part of town as well please.|There are 10 attractions in the East. There are museums, entertainment, boats, sports complex, park, and a pool. Do you have a preference?
No, not really just get me the address to something good.|There are 4 museums that are in the area would you like information on them?
Sure. I just need the address to a place to go that is in the same area as my hotel.|Cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'm looking to take a train on Tuesday and heading to Cambridge.|Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|ok, what time do you want to depart?
Well I want to arrive by 16:15.|You have quite a few options. Would you rather leave early in the morning because trains run every two hours from 05:35 ?
I could leave in the morning.|How many tickets please?
Hello, I'm interested in booking a restaurant in cambridge!|What type of food do you want to eat?
I was hoping to eat Indian food that is moderately priced.|Do you have an area of town you prefer?
Yes the north please.|We have The Nirala restaurant which serves Indian food and is located in the north.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. We'd like a table for 3 at 15:30 on Tuesday.|Sure. Your reference number is 536SV8LH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the restaurant booking. Can you look for a guesthouse for me? I don't need free parking by the way.|What price range guesthouse would you like?
Moderate price range please.|Everyone loves the a and b guest house. Shall i book it for you ?
Sure, please book it for 3 people. We'll arrive tuesday and stay for 2 nights.|Reference number is : VQWNBZS2. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you|Thank you for using our services.
Does Cambridge have any expensive Austalasian restaurants?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants fitting your request. Do you want me to look for a different food type for you?
I like British also.  Are there any British restaurants that are expensive?|There are 6 British restaurants that are expensive. What part of town would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. Which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 13:30 on wednesday?|I was able to book you for 1 at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is LLT7M4SU.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive place to stay.|There are 5 options. They are all hotels with parking and internet included. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
Can you please check the South area first?|There is one expensive hotel in the south. It is the lensfield hotel. Do you need a booking?
Yes, I want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. It'll be just 1 person again. Please provide a reference number.|Reference number is : 1DN9IQ4D. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to Fitzbillies restaurant, arriving by 13:30. Please give me a car type and contact info|I have that taxi booked. It is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07422952995.
I appreciate all of your help.  I'm done for now.|You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay.|Yes, let me help you with that. In what area of town would you like to stay?
I would like a place in the centre with free parking.|I do not have anything like that, perhaps another criteria for you?
Sure, let's try the north instead please|There are several options in the north, would you like me to recommend one?
Yes and book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay I have booked The Acorn Guest House for Wednesday for 3 people and for 3 days. Your reference number is F821XS1G. Is there anything else I can help with?
You've been great, that is all I needed. Thank you, goodbye!|I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of concerthall and should be in the centre part of town.|I would suggest The Man on the Moon, located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Perfect, could I have the address and postcode please?|The Man on the Moon is located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode CB12LF.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel and I don't care if it includes internet.|Do you have any other criteria for it?
Yes, actually. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse with free parking.|acorn guest house would suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
could i have the address and post code|The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|how about allenball? it's a lovely guesthouse.
No, I am happy with your first suggestion.  Please reserve Acorn Guest House for 7 people.  Arriving Sunday for 4 nights.|I have booked the Acorn Guest House for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday. Your reference number is FF6FLH9V.
Well thank you i am done.|great enjoy your stay in cambridge
Thank you for all the help.|Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|OK, how can I help you?
I need a train to Cambridge leaving after 13:45.|The earliest Train leaving to cambridge is on friday at 15:17, this train will be leaving from london kings cross. Is this okay?
Not at all. I need a train departing from Peterborough to Cambridge.|TR2521 leaves at 13:48 would that work for you?
Is that train running on Sunday? I need to travel from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday.|The TR9407 leaves on Sunday. It travels from Peterborough to Cambridge. It departs at 13:48. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book that for 7 people and I need the reference number.|Great! Your reference number for TR7864 leaving Peterborough at 14:19 and arriving in Cambridge at 15:09 on Sunday for 7 people is confirmed. The total will be 92.4 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is PXS0GH2C. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a cheap guest house. It should be 4 stars in any area.|we have quite a few when were you planning your stay
Sunday, 2 nights. 7 people.|I would recommend the Leverton house in the east then. What day are you arriving?
It will be on Sunday.|Can I give you more information about Leverton House? Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, can I also have the reference number?|Your all set! Ref # is 6C507J4U.
Great, thank you! Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're welcome.  I hope you have a great day.
I'm looking for a 4-star place to stay, it doesn't need to include internet.|Sure, do you have any other preferences I can add to my search?
Yes expensive price range and free parking|May I suggest University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Great. That will work.|Ok, the university arms hotel is on regent street. Do you want me to place a booking for you?
no. get me the address, area and post code.|Sorry about that, the University Arms Hotel is in the centre area and is located on Regent Street, CB21AD.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to eat in that same area, same price range as well.|My favorite expensive place in the center is The Cambridge Chop House. They serve British food, and it's fantastic.
I was thinking about thai food|The only Thai restaurant available is Bangkok City. Would you like to book a table?
yes for 7 at 17:45 wednesday and the ref # too please|Okay. I have booked you there and your reference number is ELTJLSVR.
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're very welcome.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet|Alright, I've found several options. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter|Alpha-milton guest house doesn't offer internet. It is rated three stars, in the north part of town. Should I book this?
No, I need a guesthouse with free wifi.|a and b guest house is a guesthouse that includes wifi. It's in the East side of town with a moderate price range. Should I book it for you?
No, I just need to know if they have free parking.|They do not have parking.
Ok, I would prefer something else with parking.|Allenbell looks like it would be a good choice.
Thanks, does it have free wifi as well?|Yes, they provide both internet and parking at their establishment.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|Good bye, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge which is pretty cheap in terms of prices.|We have many places that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you would like to eat?
cheap food is preferred, but i'm not picky.|There are 15 places to choose from, what kind of food are you looking for in particular?
I don't really care which type of food. You can just pick one and book for 5 people at 12:30 on thursday.|I have booked a table for Dojo Noodle Bar for 5 people, reference number 14M7PHJH. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 12:30.
I am also looking for the Cambridge Belfry.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel in the west. It is relatively cheap, has 4-stars and offers free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes.  For the same group of people for 3 nights starting on the same day|I have successfully booked a room for you at the Cambridge Belfry for 3 nights starting from Thursday for 3 people. Your reference number is MGOPZNPJ..Would that be all for you?
Yes that's all.  Thank you very much.|You are very welcome.  Thank you for for calling the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.  Have a great day.
I just need a little help booking a train from cambridge.|Where are you traveling to?
To Bishops Stortford I need to arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.|What time do you need to depart and on what day?
I don't care what time I depart as long as I can arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.|Alright perfect! How many people will need tickets?
I will need 4 tickets please.|Your reference number is SIRFMX3O. May I help you with anything else today?
Can you find a hotel for me called Alexander Bed and breakfast?|That's a 4-star guesthouse in the city centre.  They offer free wifi and parking.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please, for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting Saturday.|Great! The reference number is ZFGSW8HU, do you need help with anything else?
Nope, That's all I need. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. Can you help me out?|Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating on the east side of town. Do you need additional information or want to book a room?
Can you give me the address please?|They are located at 710 newmarket road
Great, thanks. Now could you also help me find a train?|i will be glad to help. when do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday after 10:15.|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'd like to depart from Peterborough. I'm heading to Cambridge. I'll need to book for 8 people.|I've made reservations on TR6932 and your reference number is C8XK2EPK.
thanks for all of your help|Thank you for using this service
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help you find a hotel that you might like.
Thanks, I'm looking for something in the east and have 4 stars.|There are several guesthouses in that area. Is there a price range you would prefer, or maybe free wifi or parking?
Actually, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.|There are no hotels in that area, just guesthouses. Would you like me to try a different area?
No, I guess a guesthouse will be fine. Can you book a room for me for Thursday?|Will the Carolina bed and breakfast be alright?
Yes, sounds perfect. I want to book it for 4 nights. There will be 8 people and we will be arriving on Thursday.|Okay, great. The booking was successful! The reference number is LG0RKIGF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am  also looking for a train. The train should depart from ely and should go to cambridge.|I'll need to get some additional information from you to narrow down the results. What day do you want to travel and what time do you want to leave?
I wasn't to arrive by 15:45.|Train leaves at 5:35 and cost 4.40 pounds
I'm looking for an expensive Sri Lankan restaurant.|There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try searching for a different type of cuisine?
How about british food instead?|Which side of town would you prefer?
The side of town isn't important to me, as long as it is on the pricey side.|The Oak Bistro is a nice place would you like to try that one ?
I'm looking for any type of attraction in the centre.|There are 79 attractions including theaters, swimming pools, parks, museums and entertainments. Do you need a certain area?
Anything would be fine, but lets look up entertainment.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is available, would that work for you?
Yes. What is the postcode and phone number? Also, I am needing a 4 star hotel in the same area. Can you check if one is available for me?|Their phone number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw. The University arms hotel is available and it includes both internet and parking.
Thank you so much. Would you be able to book it?|Yes I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel?
Please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday.|I'm so sorry, but there are no available rooms for that length of stay starting on Sunday. Would you like to book a different day or shorten your stay?
Can you try booking it for just 1 night instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is TIQ96S2R. Can I help you with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Please feel free to let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with.
Thanks. Have a good rest of the day.|Thank you, you too.
Yes, I'm searching for a 4 star rated places to stay in town. It does not need to have any internet connection.|There are no 4 star hotels without internet. There are 21 four star hotels with internet. What area or price range are you looking for?
Do any of them include free parking?|Yes,a lot of them have free parking. What price range are you looking for?
Price range does not matter.|In what area would you prefer?
North part of town.Cheap would be better.|I only am coming up with worth house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights on Thursday?|I'm sorry, I was unable to book that one. I have several guesthouses in the moderate price range, would you like me to try one of those?
Yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.|I booked you at Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is VMYBAGS7.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks.|Great, enjoy your stay! Please contact me again if you need anything else.
I am looking for a particular attraction called the Funky Fun House. Can you get me directions?|Absolutely,   the address for the Funky Fun House is 8 Mercers Row located in the Mercers Row Industrial Estate.
What area of town is that in?|The Funky Fun House is in the east past of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is? May i also have their postcode please?|I'm sorry, there's no entrance fee information listed for that attraction. The postcode is cb58hy.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay? I'd like an expensive hotel with free parking.|Sure, there are 5 hotels.  How many stars should the hotel have?
I would like a hotel in the expensive price range.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east end. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you book it for 3 people and for 3 nights starting on sunday?|Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is : 3EJ2CUS3.
Thank you! I'm all set. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I need a train to cambridge|Please be specific about when you are leaving and by what time you intend to arrive to help me to narrow down.
I'd like to depart from Ely on Wednesday after 12:15.|There is a train at 13:35 that cost 4.40 pounds. Would you like to take it?
Yes please. Could you also give me the train ID?|Their ID is TR1039.
Ok, thank you. I also need some help finding a guesthouse.  I also would like free wifi.|We've got a lot of options for guesthouses, what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in Cambridge please.|Ok, centre, north, east, west, or south side?
I'd like a cheap place in the centre for 8 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast, 56 Saint Barnabas Road is inexpensive and rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that sounds good.|The booking for Alexander Bed and Breakfast was denied for 8 guests staying five days, starting on Wednesday. Would it be possible to plan a shorter or longer stay?
That's fine, I'd like to book it for 4 nights then.|OK, I have you booked at alexander bed and breakfast for 4 nights. The Reference Number is : 741JC8HU. Anything else I can help you with today?
That takes care of it.  Thank you very much.|You are welcome. Have a very nice stay.
We are visiting for a couple days and would like to see some boat attractions in town.  What do you have available?|Depends on what area of town you'll be visiting.
I haven't decided on what area of town I will be staying in, I would just like to know the boat attractions please.|There are only boat attractions in the east, north and centre so If i was you I wouldn't stay in the west or south.
Ok.  I would like the name of a specific boat attraction please.|The camboats in the east side is highly suggested.  Would you like any information on them?
What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, but I have checked all the boat attractions in the other areas of town and none have entrance fees listed. Can I help with something else?
Yes, can you get me information about Huntingdon Marriot Hotel?|It's an expensive 4 star hotel at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number is 01480446000 and postcode is pe296fl. Provides free internet/parking.
Can I book lodging for 7 people starting on Saturday? We're staying for 4 nights.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is GOL43A42. What else can I help you with today?
I also need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 17:15, please.|You are all set. Be expecting a blue Audi. Please call 07750823972 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi! I've heard of a great hotel called Hobsons House and I'd like to stay there. Can you help me locate it?|Yes, it is a 3 star guesthouse in the west. Address is 96 barton road. Would you like me get a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for this Saturday.|I would be happy to help you. Can you please provide the number of people to reserve for as well as the number of days you will be staying.
In a moment. I also need to find a restaurant in the expensive price range.|There are a lot of expensive restaurants in the area what type of food are you looking for?
Can you suggest one in the north? And please give me the address for it.|There is saigon city,they serve asian oriental and the address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.
that sounds nice|Would you like me to book that?
No thanks, have a good day bye.|You too, thanks for calling.  Bye
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b|May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?|They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.|And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.|Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge  from broxbourne.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|It is done, your reference number is YNUEX070 and you will need to pay 14.32 GBP at the station.
Thanks very much for your help today.|Was that everything you needed?
I'm awful with math, what is the travel time on that train?|60 mins would be the total duration.
Thank you for informing about the total duration.|You're welcome!  I hope I've answered all of your questions.  If you need further assistance, please give us a call.
Are there any hotels where the wifi doesn't cost extra?|Yes of course we can arrange a hostel that does not charge for wifi as extra. Do you have a brand in mind?
no, it just needs to include parking and wifi|which offers wifi for free?
I would appreciate it if you could tell me which hotel includes free wifi and free parking. Thanks.|Actually there are 29 options to choose from, sir. What price range are you looking for?
any price range. be a hotel, has free parkin. get me the address too|How about the Ashley hotel. The address is 74 chesterton road.
that would be great. What's the area?|The Ashley Hotel is in the north. Would you like me to book accommodation for you?
No, thank you. That is all the information I needed today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.|Do you know if you want a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse.|There are two guestshouses available. I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast!
Awesome. That's all I needed.|If I can help you with any other information. Please let me know?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for that B and B?|Yes, the postcode is cb12de.  Would you like to book it?
Hmm, not right now. I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday. Can you help?|I sure can. There are many trains available that day. Can I get your point of departure please?
I am leaving from Leicester after 12:45.|The train leaving closest to your departure time is at 13:09.  The cost is 37.80 pounds and it will arrive by 14:54.  Shall I book a ticket for you?
Please.  I need a reservation for 5 people and would like a confirmation number.|Your tickets have been reserved and the total price is 189 pounds. Reference number is SPYIC5K8. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today.|Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thank you, I think that will be all for today!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?|Yes do you have the name of the hotel?
It's called the University Arms Hotel.|It is in centre of town and has 4 stars and is priced expensive.
I'd like to book a few rooms for Thursday. Are there rooms available?|What nights are you looking to stay so I can check the availability?
I need 3 nights starting on Thursday. Should have enough room to accomodate 4 people.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4AHCO6OI.
Great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the south also?|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the south part of town. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
can you try entertainment ?|There are two entertainment attractions in the south. I suggest nusha.
Okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also I want a taxi to take me there. It should leave the hotel by 10:30. Give me car type and contact number|The post code for nusha is cb17dy. I'm checking on your taxi reservation.
Ok, thank you. I will need to know what kind of car is picking me up.|Booking completed! Expect a red Ford to pick you up at the hotel at 10:30. Their contact number is 07439027429. Can I assist you otherwise?
No, but thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should have a star of 4|We dont have any hotels that have no internet with 4 stars
Are there any that include free parking and that are in the expensive price range?|Sorry, my search didn't bring back any results.
Try changing from no internet to free wifi and see what happens.|There are two hotels that fir your description in the expensive price range. One is in the west and one is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I need one with wifi.|Acorn house has free wifi. Is that okay?
Yes, please just forward me the area, hotel type and their phone number.|I'm terribly sorry, I misspoke. There are two 4-star hotels in the expensive range with wi-fi--the Huntington Marriott in the west and the University Arms in the centre of town.
The Huntington Marriott in the west would be great. What is the hotel type and phone number?|Sure, it is a hotel and the phone number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks for helping|Do you need me to book you a reservation?
No, I think I will wait on booking at this time.  Thank you for your assistance.|No problem, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
i need a place to go which is the type of a college.|Is there a certain area you're interested in? If that doesn't matter, I recommend Clare College in the west.
Sure, can you give me the address for that?  You said it is in the west, right?|That's right Clare College in the west part of town. The address is just trinity lane. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need to book accommodation. can you recommend a guesthouse  in the northern area of town?|Is there a price range you prefer?
I would like it to be expensive please|There are no hotels that match that criteria. Are you interested in a different price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?|I have several that match that criteria, do you care about parking or wifi?
I'd prefer it to have wifi, parking it doesn't really matter.|How does the Acorn Guesthouse sound.  It is moderately priced and has free wifi.
Sounds great, Can you book it on Sunday for 2 nights for 2 people?|I was able to book the room, the reference number is MQGFE5F1. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I would also like to book a taxi from the college to the guesthouse. Can you help with that?|I sure can! I'll just need to know a time that you either want to arrive at the hotel by or leave the college by.
I want to leave the college by 21:15 please.|I have booked you with a yellow honda taxi. The number to contact is 07912722753.
.
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|Your welcome! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I'm looking for train information that leaves broxbourne after 0800. Can you help?|The TR3005 train leaves Broxbourne on Friday at 8:32 and will arrived at Cambridge at 9:32. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please! That would be great. Thank you!|How many tickets do you need?
I only need one ticket.|I have booked a ticket for one and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DFSN06MO.
I also need a cheap place to stay with free parking.|There are several in that price range. Did you have a particular area in mind?
I do not. Can you make a suggestion?|Yes, I would suggest allenbell
It should also be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. Do you think Allenbell would work?|Yes, allenbell meets all that criteria. Would you like me to book?
No, but could I get their address?|Yes, they are at 517a coldham lane, postal is cb13js, can I assist with anything else today?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you. You as well!
If you can, please help me find a relatively expensive hotel down on the South end|The lensfield hotel is on the south end, has 3 stars and is expensive. Would you like to book that?
I am still deciding, can you verify whether or not they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking.
Yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday.  We will have 8 people in our party.|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is XDWV7SAT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south.|We have several choices. Do you have a preference in the type of food?
Anything you recommend will work. I need to book it for 8 people, sunday at 19:15|I reserved a table for you at frankie's and bennys your confirmation # is HEAZ99BV, anything else?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, one that gets me there in time for my reservation.|The booking is completed, and you will arrive in time for your reservation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you give me a contact number for the taxi and the car type that will pick me up?|Yes, the contact number is 07017025881. The car is a blue volkswagen. Anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to contact us again.
I am looking for information.  Can you help me with a place to stay while I'm in town?|I can help you.  Which part of town?
The North part of town is where I want to go and  include free parking and should have a star of 4|Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House? It's located on 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|The booking was successful. You have a reservation for 3 people, staying 4 nights a Acorn Guest House starting on Sunday. Your Reference number is : Z45I87LD.
Thank you! I also need a swimming pool in the north area of Cambridge.|I'd recommend jesus green outdoor pool. Would you like more information?
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?|Sure! The address is between victoria road and the river, the postcode is cb43px, and the phone number is 01223302579.
Lastly a taxi from the hotel to the pool please.|Do you have a arrival time in mind ?
I want to to leave the hotel by 10:30.|When is your arrival time?
My arrival time will be 17:00.|Your taxi have been booked for a black volvo and its contact number is 07055228719.
Thanks. That is all for today.|thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
Thanks. I hope your day is good too.|it sure is. thanks.
Good. Glad to hear it. You can end this conversation now. I don't need anything else.|Thank you for using our service.
I am coming to Cambridge soon to see the many local attractions.|I have various attractions all over town. Is there a specific area you are wanting to find something to do?
Well, first I need to find a place to stay. I need a hotel in the south part of town with free parking.|Yes, I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the south, as well as one expensive hotel. Do you have a preference?
I would like a moderately priced guesthouse, please.|I have two places, is there a star rating you prefer?
I don't have a preference.  Could you make a recommendation?|I like the aylesbray lodge guest house since it is the same price and has an extra star.
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting saturday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is  EKA7G2P9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking to go out to the Soul Tree Nightclub.|Sure. That nightclub is in the centre area on 1-6 corn exchange street. Would you like to book a taxi?
Yes, I'd like a taxi to commute between the night club and the guesthouse. I want to leave by 15:00.|Your pickup car will be a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07450209981. Anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you! You have been so helpful!|Thanks, enjoy your trip!
Thanks for being a great help!|Thank you, please remember you can contact us at any time if you need more assistance! Have a great day!
I need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks!|We have over 69 restaurants i the center of town.  Do you have any food style or price preference?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I'm not sure what time I need just yet.  Can I get the postcode?|Sure.  It's cb21nt.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking!|I have the el shaddai that meets those requirements. Would you like to make reservations?
Definitely! There will be 6 of us, arriving Saturday, and staying for 5 nights.|Your reservation for 6 at El Shaddai this Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 6NUZQ2BG.
Great. Can you also get me a taxi to take me from Ali Baba to El Shaddai. I want to leave the restaurant by 05:30.|How many people will be traveling?
I just need one taxi. Can you book that for me, please?|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07167504810, and it will be a black Honda. Anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That was it for today. Thank you very much for your assistance. Have a good one. Good bye.|Thank you for contacting us at Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
Please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the East|I'm sorry we do not have any East hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yes, please look for any 3-star hotels in town that include free parking. East is still preferred.|none fits your criteria. can we change the area?
Try something in the center of town.|The Gonville Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. It's for 2 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2V7EWG9E.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a place to dine in the expensive price range serving indian food.|I have many. What area would you prefer dining in?
I would like somewhere in the same area as the hotel.|I have 5 all located in the centre
Then please pick one and give me their phone number band postcode.|saffron brasserie is located at Hills Road City Centre, post code cb21la.  Their phone number is 01223354679. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.|you are welcome.
I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge.  I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough.  Can you give me some times?|Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day.  Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?
I want to arrive at or a little before 12:15, please.|TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09.  Would you like to book seats on that one?
How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.|My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.
I am also looking for a hotel called Archway House.|Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LMABMGNI. Do you need anything else?
No thank you. That's it.|Alright. Have a great day.
Thanks, you too.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions!!  Can you help me??|Absolutely we have 79 locations, do you have a style you'd like to see?
I'm looking for a hotel called Cityroomz, do you know anything about that?|Yes, it's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Yes I would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on Tuesday.|I was able to book you a room for three days starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is NZ2XYT90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find a nightclub in the west?|There are no nightclubs in the west. Another type or place perhaps?
Well, could you look for a college?|Churchill college has a lot going on at night, that would be a good fit, would you like more information?
Sure can I get the phone number to this college?|The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else i can help you with ?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by 19:45. Can you please help me with that?|I was able to find a taxi it will be a white ford and the number is 07987674109. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no that will be all|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's a been a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking|I have found 19 possible choices. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No, it just needs to be cheap.|how about leverton house? it looks lovely.
Sounds good. Can I get it for 7 people and 4 nights from thursday please?|book another day or a shorter stay please
Ok, try for 2 nights.|Wonderful. Your booking was succesful. The reference number is 3HW0O0HD.
Thank you so much for all of your help!|You're welcome. May I help with something else, like a restaurant or attraction?
No that was all I needed. Thanks again.|You're most welcome. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a hotel in the north?|Yes do you have a price range preference?
Yes I have a moderate price range.|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.  Would you like to book a room?
Does it offer free parking?  If so, I would like to book it for four nights starting Thursday for 3 people please.|Yes it offers free parking.
Can I have a reference number for the booking?|Ashley Hotel will be expecting your party of 3 for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is K5JO25UL. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves Cuban food.|I'm sorry, there are no Cuban restaurants in the city - is there another type of cuisine that you'd like to try?
What about one that has Chinese food?|I've found one result. It is golden wok. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for Thursday at 17:15 with 3 people. Send me the reference number too.|The booking was successful, here is your reference number 0Q4KUTUA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi.|Where will you be leaving from?
I need picked up at the hotel.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time, isn't it obvious?|I did not want to make assumptions for you, but now you are booked. A black bmw will take you. The contact number is 07551001124
Thank you, and I apologize for getting snappy with you. That is all I need for today.|You are very welcome! It was a pleasure assisting you, and I hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I want to know about 4 star hotels that include free parking for guests.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter but it should be a guesthouse.|There are about 16 choices. Maybe we can narrow it down if you tell me what price range you were looking at?
guesthouses not hotel, sorry can you suggest one and give me their phone number please|I have 33 guesthouses all over town ranging from cheap to moderate. What area do you prefer and which price range will work for you.
As long as it's a guesthouse with 4 stars and free parking I will be happy. Which one do you recommend?|There are 16 all over town, that meet your criteria. If you could tell me which part of town you would prefer, that would help narrow the choices down.
Please give me the phone number of a guesthouse, it doesn't matter where it is, as long as it has parking and 4 stars.|The acorn guest house has parking and 4 stars. Their telephone number is 01223353888. May I help you with something else?
Can you recommend a chinese restaurant in the centre area?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre in various price ranges. Which price do you prefer?
I don't care about the price. Can you recommend anything?|How about Charlie Chan? I go there alot, they are cheap and in the city centre.
That sounds great. Can I get a table for 8 people at 16:45 on Saturday?|You are booked as requester, the reference number is OQP3A7WA, any other questions?
I need a taxi also to get to the restaurant on time.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
From the guesthouse to the restaurant|A blue honda is booked and the contact number is 07014435019. Thank you
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|Yes, what price range are you looking for?
Price is no issue.  I would like a 3 star guesthouse though.|The Hamilton Lodge sounds like it's perfect for you. Would you like for me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|The hotel is unable to accommodate that stay. Could you shorten your stay?
Try 2 nights, then.|Ok, I was able to book your stay at the hamilton lodge for 4 people beginning monday and going for 2 days.  Your reference number is SWFUW5JI.  Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15 and goes to bishops stortford.|What day are you leaving?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, from Cambridge.|Train TR3661 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 on Wednesday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Will that work for you?
That'll be perfect. How much will it be?|10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you passage?
No I will book the passage myself. Thank you for all your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that was it. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre with free parking.|I have a few hotels with free parking. Do you want me to go through the whole list with you?
No, you don't have to do that. Can you recommend a 5 star hotel?|There are no 5 star hotels in the centre with free parking. There are two four star hotels, though. Does cost concern you?
Is there one with a four star rating?|There are two 4 star places, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
Can you suggest one please? And I need a postcode.|The alexander bed and breakfast is cheap and the postcode is cb12de. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you tell me about the 4 star hotel instead?|Sure. The University Arms Hotel is on Regent Street in the centre of town.  It is 4 start and expensive.  Is their any other information I can provide?
I am also interested in a place to dine. I would like to have Asian Oriental cuisine.|What is the price range for you?
It's a special dinner, so expensive is fine.  I need a postcode and address with that recommendation please.  Thanks so much!|Sure, did you have a specific kind of cuisine in mind?
I'm looking for an Asian Oriental place in the same area as the hotel.|There are four restaurants in that area that fit that criteria.
4 expensive asian restaurants? Well if so pick the one you'd recommend. Oh and get me the postcode and address.|I recommend Kymmoy in the centre. It's located on 52 Mill Road.
Thanks, that's all I needed today.|Alright, have a lovely day and goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?|Absolutely, what area were you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't really matter, but I would like a 3-star place with internet.|There are two hotels that meet your preferences. I suggest the Gonville Hotel as it's in the city centre.
Could you give me the address, please?|They are located at gonville place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Nah, not right now. I do need info on a train though. What's the schedule like on Sunday trains leaving cambridge?|I'll be happy to help you with that. Where would you like to travel to?
How about a train that will arrive by 12:15 heading to london liverpool street?|Train TR0995 arrives by 11:27. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you make me a booking for 1 person please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 39JEV1T5.
Excellent, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Let us know if you need anymore assistance.
I'm looking for a restaurant on the west side that serves basque food.|I don't have a Basque restaurant on the West side. Would you like me to look in other parts of town?
Well how about an expensive one then?|We don't have any Basque restaurants on the west side, regardless of price. Do you want to try a different type of food?
How about a thai place then?|sala thong is just for you. Their address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to know the postcode, if possible?|The postal code is cb39ey. Is there any other thing you might like to know?
Yes, I need a guesthouse close to the restaurant on the west side.|There are two in the area.  One is cheap and the other is moderately priced.  Do you have a preference?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.|Do you have a price preference?
No I do not I would like a 4 star guesthouse in the west with free parking.|gdsgfsd fg dsf gdfg d sfgds
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, any suggestions for me?|There are several attractions in Cambridge. What type of attractions are you interested in?
Actually, let's find some lodging accommodations first. I'd like something moderately priced with a 4-star rating. Oh, and I'll have my laptop with me so I'd like wifi to be included.|There are 11 guest houses available. Is there is certain area of the city you prefer?
Any area is fine, can you book one for 7 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?|I'm sorry, apparently none of our guesthouses can accommodate 7 people for 2 nights on Wednesday. Would you like to try a different day or stay period?
Hmm. I suppose we could leave a little sooner. Are there any that can accommodate us for one night?|I was able to book you A and B guesthouse for 1 night, reference number is EQG0KVRJ
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for places to go in town.|We're fortunate, Cambridge has many attractions. What did you have in mind?
I would like to visit a park. Can you tell me about any parks in the city?|Wandlebury Country Park is in the south of town, would you like to know more?
Thank you, that's all I need for now.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday.  Can you book it for me?|Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:45.|I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you?
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?|The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.|There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
That sounds fine.|Which one would you be interested in? I recommend Worth House because it is 4 stars.
Actually, can you try a moderate price hotel in the north instead?  Sorry for the trouble.|We have 11 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by stars, internet, or parking?
Yeah, I don't need internet. Other than that, could you just recoomend one that has a reasonable number of stars?|How about the alpha-milton guest house?  It's in the north and moderately priced.
that will be fine. book it for me|How many people and for how many nights?
book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting from the same day.|I will book it for you now.
Thank you . I will also need the booking reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : XML9YIR2.
Great! Thank you that's all I needed!|I see the train was not booked. Would you like me to book it now?
Please do so, thank you. After that, I need a cheap hotel.|How many tickets in total would you like me to purchase for you on train TR1819?
I need it for 2 people.|Okay! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  AMA9OE5J.
Okay. Thank you so much for help.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Can you help me find a train leaving tuesday going to cambridge?|I can help you get set up, where will you be coming from?
I am leaving from Peterborough  after 12:30.|There are 23 results. Would you like to arrive by a certain time?
depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30, can you book it and I need travel time and price|There is a train that leaves at 12:48 and arrives at 13:38 and costs 16.50 pounds.  Would you like me to book that?
No need for a booking. I do need a total travel time, however.|Sure the travel will take 50 minutes.
Great, I also need an idea of hotels that are moderately priced in the west.|Hobsons House is a 3 star guesthouse and offers free internet and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Not as of now, I am just gathering information.|Hobsons House is the only place matching your criteria in the west. Do you want information for another part of town?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|You are all set the reference number is N1YFWYG1 can I help with anythng else?
that is it for now. thanks for helping|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay?|Yes! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the South please.|There are 4 nice places to stay in that area, is there a price range you prefer?
I've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. I need parking, wifi, and it should have a 0 star rating.|There's one guesthouse, el shaddai, that fits your criteria. Do you need more information?
No, but I do need a reservation for Wednesday, 2 nights, for 3 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LG6AFLVA.
Thanks. Could you also help me locate an expensive british restaurant?|The Cambridge Chop House sounds like it might be what you are looking for.
That sounds wonderful! Is it in the same area as the hotel?|Your hotel is in the south and the cambridge chop house is in the centre, is that okay?
Hmm, I really want to stay near the hotel. Do you have anything in the south instead?|In the south we do not have any expensive british restaurants. We do have chinese, indian, italian or mexican.
My hotel is in the centre, so the Cambridge Chop House will actually work. Can you make me a booking for 3 people on Wednesday?|Yes I can. What time would you like to eat?
I want to eat at 16:15.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 1T0DI06Z. Can I help you with anything else?
Oh yeah, I'm going to need a ride to get around.|I have booked you a taxi to take from your hotel to The Cambridge Chop House.  Contact number	:	07124495603
Thank you, what kind of car will be picking me up?|It will be a black Honda. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all I need for today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
A train depart from Cambridge and arrive by 19:00|What is your destination? And what day are you hoping to travel?
I need to leave on Thursday and am heading to Bishops Stortford.|There are 5 trains available what time would you like to leave by?
I'd like to leave before 14:00|Okay, TR0927 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Shall I book you a seat?
No, I'll look it up later and do it myself. But could you tell me if there are any 4 star places to stay in the city centre?|There are two, a cheap guest house, and an expensive hotel. Any preference?
Which ever one has free parking and wifi.|They both have free parking and wifi. How about the alexander bed and breakfast? It's on the cheaper side, 4 stars, and really quite lovely.
Sounds great. Can you please book that for me for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights please?|I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is D53TP7EU., can I assist with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you book a hotel room for me?|I'd love to. What price range where you looking in?
I'd like cheap.|Best choice will be the Cambridge Belfry, rated at 4 stars, but very inexpensive. What night will you be checking in, so I can get a booking started for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?|Yes, how many people will be attending?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from monday.|Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is X1ZCL9AO.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i am looking for a college to visit on the west side of town..|There are 5 in that area. 3 have free entrance while the other 2 charge 2.50 pounds.
pick a free one for me and get me the entrance fee|consider clare hall, which is a college in the western area of town
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are quite welcome. Can I be of any further assistance for you today?
That's all for today. Thank you|I'm happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to stay. I prefer a 4 star hotel in the west.|If price is no object, I'd recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. I also have a cheap hotel and a cheap guesthouse in the west.
I would prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Do you have one?|Yes, finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east, cheap yet 4 stars, and both parking and internet are available. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, they have parking. Would you like to book or know more info?
id love to book!|Great, can you tell me when you'd like to book?
Can you please give me the address and phone number of the location? I would also like to find some college-related attractions in that area.|The number for Finches is 01223276653.  The address is 144 Thornton Road.
OK, thank you.  I can't book just yet.  Are there any colleges in the east part of town?|There are no colleges available in the east part of town.
Hmm.  Is there a similar guesthouse in an area that does have colleges?|No, unfortunately. That's the only place.
I'd like to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 21:00.  I'd also like the contact number and car type.|I apologize for any confusion, there are actually 5 colleges located on the West side of town near the guesthouse. I would recommend visiting the Churchill College.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?|Sure.  Churchill College is on storey's way, and the phone is 01223336233.
Great, now I need to book a taxi to go between the two, please.|I have booked your taxi. It is a black lexus and the contact number is 07034946796.
Great! Thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Actually I think there has been some confusion. I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the WEST. The locations you gave me are in the wrong area.|I do apologize for the confusion earlier, I misspoke. Finches B & B is in fact in the West.
Okay, thank you.|Would you like more information?
Nah that won't be necessary. Appreciate the help!|Thank you, I'm glad we could help!
Hello, I am looking for information on a train.|I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I'm headed to Cambridge from the Stansted Airport.  Can you find information for Thursday please?|I found 19 trains what time do you want to leave the airport?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 so I will need to leave in time to get there by then.|There is a train that leaves at 5:24.
That won't work, I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 (2:45pm).|Since that won't work for you, I can get you on a train that leaves at 13:24 and will arrive by 13:52.  Would you like me to book your seat?
I am looking for some places to go in the east. I'd like an entertainment attraction. Can you give me some suggestions and phone numbers please?|Cherry Hinton Hall's number is 01223446104. The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705.
What other types of attractions are available in the east?|There are swimming pools, parks, museums and multiple sport attractions as well.
What type of attraction is Cherry Hinton Hall?|It is an entertainment place, does that satiate your desires?
That sounds great.  I also need a hotel in the same area as the attraction|Do you have an accommodation type or price range?
I need a hotel with free parking.|There is no hotel in the east with free parking
okay can you look for a hotel without free parking?|I didn't mention that there are guesthouses in the east with free parking. Did you specifically need a hotel type or would a guesthouse be okay?
I will take anything with free parking.|I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
Can you let me know if they have internet, their address, and phone number?|Yes Allenbell has internet and the phone number is 01223210353 address is 517a coldham lane.	Would you like for me to reserve you a room?
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?|sure, i have 17 options for you
Are any of them in the south? I'd like free parking too.|Yes, two are in the south and both have free parking and internet. I recommend the Bridge Guesthouse. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Please. I need a room on tuesday for 5 nights. 4 people will be staying.|i bookid bridge guest house	and Reference number is : KYKQFY1U.
Thank you so much.|Of course. I can help at any time.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel that has free wifi.|There are 10 available. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
I would like one with a 4 star rating. Is that an option?|There are 8 of those. Is there are particular area of town you were looking for?
There is not.|How about The Cambridge Belfry?
Yes, may I have the address for that hotel?|That hotel is located on Back Lane in Cambourne.  Anything else?
Do they have free parking?|They do have free parking. They also have free wifi. Would you like me to make a booking?
I would like to think on it if possible. But perhaps. Could you also help me find a chinese diner located in the centre? It needs to be cheap also.|Rice House is at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of the restaurant?|What day, time, and how many people will be coming?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the postcode.|The postcode for the Rice House is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to restaurant. I want to leave the hotel by 6:15.|I have set up Yellow Skoda  taxi to pick you up at 6:15. Their contact number is 07482129349
And what type of car will be picking me up?|A yellow Skoda is the type of car the taxi will be. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful!|Thank you for using our service. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to stay called the cambridge belfry. What can you tell me about that?|Its price range is cheap, it's four stars, and offers internet and parking.
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a room for me for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday?  Please send me the reference number.|Great!  I've got you booked for 5 days for 6 people on Friday.  Your reference number is 8RL6ZC5G.
Thank you for the reference number.  Are there any cheap places to dine in the North area?|Do you have a preference for type of food?  I have an Indian option and an Italian option.
Any of the two would work. As long as you can book it for 6 people on the same day for 13:30.|I'm sorry, neither of them are available. Should I try different time or other restaurants?
Ok, try 12:30.|That worked! You've got a table for 6 reserved at Royal Spice at 12:30 on Friday. Ref. number is 8NHD0P2I. Need anything else today?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Your taxi booking is complete, your contact number is 07546255073.  Car type is a black lexus.  Do you need help with anything else?
That's all i need.  Thank you.|Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?
No, that is all I need for today. Good bye.|Have a great day.  Bye.
Yes, I'm looking for hotels in the north area.|There are 13 hotels north of cambridge. What price range would you prefer? Do you require internet or parking?
I don't care about price range or parking, but I do require free WiFi.|Would you like me to book you a room at the Avalon on 62 Gilbert Road?
I need it to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|How about the ashley hotel, it is in the north with a 2 star rating with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Not now. I would like to get the postcode, please.|Certainly, the postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I also need to find a train departing from Leicester.|I can certainly help you with that! Can I assume you're coming from Leicester to fair Cambridge? What day and time would you like to travel?
Yes, you're right. I need to leave on Monday, and I need to arrive by 18:15.|I found TR3173 leaving at 5:09 would that work?
Can it get there by 18:15? And can you get tickets for two?|Your arrival time would be 06:54 would you like for me to find another train for you?
Yes, please. I'd rather not be that early.|Certainly! TR2985 will depart Leicester at 16:09 and arrive in Cambridge at 17:54. That one sounds like it's better for your time frame.
Great, if you could book that one for 2 people and provide me with the reference number, I would appreciate it.|Sure, I have booked the train for  people on monday on TR2985, your reference number is 730ZJ7M6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
There is not. Thank you so much!|You're welcome and have a wonderful trip!
i am  looking for information in Cambridge.|What area are you wanting to stay?
I am actually looking for a train to Stansted Airport.|Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and what time and day?
I'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on Tuesday. I need to get there at least by 13:30|TR7293 will arrive there at 12:08.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is a cheap guesthouse.|There's the allenbell, that's located in the east side of town at 517a coldham lane.
Please reserve a room for 1.|On what day would you like to arrive?
Friday, 4 nights. Reference number please.|Your reference number is 9IQ2K2DW.
Thank you so much, that's all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I was hoping you can help me find a place to dine. I'm looking for an italian restaurant in the west.|There's 2 Italian restaurants in the west, one cheap and one moderate in price. Which price range do you want?
I would prefer a moderately priced one.|Prezzo restaurant is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I would like the reservation for 1 person friday at 13:45.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes you should not have to ask and always provide the reference number.|I am required to ask by management.
You really should be giving me the reference number now.|Your reference number is : 8XWH8Q5E.
I am also looking for a hotel that is 4 stars and has free wifi. I need it in the same part of town as the restaurant.|There are two hotels in the same area as the restaurant and meet your requirements.  What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for price range that is not cheap or expensive.|There are no moderately priced hotels in the area you are looking for. Would you like to search another area, or price range?
lets try cheap|There is one. It is the cambridge belfry. Do you want to book?
Yes, please. For 3 nights, and starting on Friday.|Sure, how many people will there be?
There will be just one person.|I booked it for one person. Your ref number is AB62FM758, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all thanks !|Thank you and have a good time in our great city!
Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant called Graffiti. Can you help me locate it?|It is on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 7 for Sunday at 14:45.|I've booked your reservation at Graffiti for Sunday 18/06/2017 for 7 people. Reference number 3GQ3ITLZ.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should have free parking and free wifi.|I can help with that. Is there a particular area that you would prefer to stay in?
No, not really. It just needs to be a hotel.|How about the Ashley Hotel?  It is on the North side of town and has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds like it might be great - how many stars does the Ashley have?|It has 2 stars. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me somewhere.|Certainly. Where are you departing from and where are you going? I also need the time you are leaving or need to arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant by the time the reservation starts.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Please have the taxi pick me up at the hotel. Can I get the taxi contact number and car type?|When would you like to leave?
An hour after I arrive at the restaurant sounds about right.|Your car from the Ashley Hotel to Graffiti is booked.The car type is a Black Volkswagen and the contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great thank you so much that's all I needed today.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|Certainly.  What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
The north part of town please.  Are there any guesthouses?|We have ten such places.
Great! Could you book one of those for Sunday for me?|I'm sorry, there isn't anything available for Sunday. Would a different day work?
How about just 1 night?|I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that day at all. Would it be possible for your to book another day?
I really need a room for 4 people on Sunday.|I'm not sure we're going to be able to help you get a room on Sunday. Can you restate your requirements?
I need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights.  I need the hotel to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|I actually attempted all ten guesthouses with the booking instructions, all of them are unsuccesful.  May need to try hotels or different area to move forward.
Try hotels in the north, then.|The rooms are booked then , shall I try a shorter stay?
Ok, can you try for just 1 night please?|I was able to get you in for one night at the Acorn Guest House, reference number 2T2WBNRP. Sorry it took so long. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also am looking to dine out. Something European, and expensive.|There are 5 different expensive European restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to eat in?
Nearest the hotel will be fine, I also need a cab after the restaurant|City Stop Restaurant is the european restaurant in the north near your hotel. Where would you like the taxi to take you after the restaurant?
I would like to go back to the hotel after eating|Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to pick you up from the restaurant?
I would like to book the City Stop Restaurant for 4 people on Sunday at 15:45. I need the taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant by that time.|Okay your all set! Reference number is 9ABQGPGT. Anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between both places, and could you make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?|I have booked a yellow lexus, contact number 07327430362. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you! You were so helpful!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves british food in the east?|I have located the grafton hotel restaurant, would you like more info or a booking?
Please book reservation for 2 people at 16:00 on Friday. Send me the reference number.|Ok, I made your reservations. Your reference number is 23EKIUFO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
give me the address and postcode.|Sure, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the post code is cb58pa. Can I do anything else for you today?
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay.|I'll be glad to find you a place, first is there an area or price range you recommend?
The price range doesn't matter.|Well what area are you interested in?
I need a guesthouse, including free parking.  It should have a 4 star rating on Friday.  Can I get the phone number and address?|I recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast. It's located close to where you'll be dining and is moderately priced. Their address is 138 Perne Road and their phone number is 01223247015.
I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. I need to leave the restaurant by 19:00.|I have booked that taxi for you. Be expecting a grey Toyota. Should you need to contact the taxi company, you can call 07048450899.
Thank you very much.  I think that is all I need.|Have a nice day!
Hi there! I'm looking for some kind of fun attraction in the center of town.|We have a wide range of attractions in the center of town: achitecture, boats, cinema, colleges, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, and theatres. Which would you enjoy?
I think a museums might be nice. Can you recommend one to me?|there are many too choose from! would you like to visit an art museum?
Can you still just recommend one please??|I recommend primavera it's free and located at 10 king s parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking to book the hotel El Shadai starting on Thursday for 8 people and 4 nights.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is ERQXH3VN. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all. Good day. Bye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Hi, this is a two-fer. I need to find a hotel that offers both free wifi and free parking|There are 29 different options, anything else that we can search for to narrow this down?
Yes, it needs to be cheap with 0 stars!|I have 2 locations. One is in the North and one in the centre. Do you have a preference of area?
what type of hotels are they?|Both are guesthouses.
Which one do you suggest?|I would suggest el shaddai.
Ok great. What is the postcode and what area is it in?|It is in the north and the past code is cb43ht.
I am  also looking for a particular restaurant.|Do you know the name?
Yes, it's called Graffiti.|Ah, yes, Graffiti. Great place, they just repainted. Would you like to book a reservation?
i want to know the food type and area|Graffiti serves British food and it's in the west. Would you like any additional information?
Thank you!  That is all I need!|Enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for this hotel called home from home, please.|it is a 4 star hotel moderately priced in the north. can i give you the address?
Actually, I'd like to book it for 6 people. Can you help with that?|Sure I just need to know how many nights you will be staying and when you plan on arriving.
I'll be staying for 5 nights, starting on Friday.|i have successfully booked Reference number is : NSG0CL48.
Wow, thanks.  We want to eat at a restaurant called the India House, can you help me with that too?|Sure, on what day and time do you need a reservation? and for how many people?
I need to get a table for 6 people at 16:00 on friday as well|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3UPPNP4H.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome. Let me know if there is anything else you need.
Hello, I am traveling soon and can't wait to see some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay when I am there?|Do you have a preference in area?
No, I don''t have an area preference. I would like to stay in a guesthouse with at 4 star rating. I also need WiFi.|I would suggest the acorn guest house would you like the info?
Is there another nearby option?|Yes, there are several options. They are all priced in either the cheap or moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
I have no price range preference, do any have free parking?|The Allenbell is in east. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Can you please give me the address?|it is located in 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js
Could you give me information on Cafe Jello Gallery?|sure its located in the west and is a museum. Free admission too
I also need a tax leaving my hotel by 18:30 to take me to the museum.|You are booked, look for a ford pinto.  kidding, look for a yellow lexus, the drivers contact info is 07407659393, any further questions?
That is all I need today, thank you.|No problem, have a great day.
I need a guesthouse in the north to stay at.|Alright how does the avalon guesthouse sound?
Does it have free parking?|No it does not. How about the Hamilton Lodge guesthouse? It is moderately priced and has 3 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I need it for saurday, sunday, monday and tuesday please.|And how many will be staying?
Three people, 4 nights, thanks!|I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is X5NGAVNB. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need to book a train to Kings Lynn that leaves after 8:30 on wednesday departing cambridge.|THe first train after 08:30 is TR2831, it leaves at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58, I can book you if you like.
Yes please, go ahead and book that.|How many tickets would you like?
I do not need to book.|Ok, is there anything else I can help you with today then?
That was all thank you.|You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.
I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.|What area of town are you wanting to stay in?  What is your price range?
It can be anywhere in town, but I'd like the hotel to be in the cheap price range if possible.|It would seem there are no cheap 2 star hotels that offer free parking. Would you maybe like to stay at a moderately priced hotel?
How about in the expensive price range?|There are many hotels in this category that offer free parking. How many stars would you prefer?
I would prefer one with a rating of 2 stars.|I have one 2 star expensive hotel, The express by holiday inn Cambridge. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for five nights, starting from Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZULEU3K1. Did you need to find anything else today?
I would like to eat at a restaurant please.|Sure. I have many to choose from. Are you looking for a particular type of food, price range or location?
I'm just looking for something that's in the same price range as the Hotel|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind or shall I recommend one?
I would like a cuisine of asian oriental.|I have 2 asian oriental restaurants. Saigon City and Kymmoy. Let me know which you prefer and I can give you more info or book it for you.
Can I please get the address for Saigon City?|Of course, the address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant.|Of course! What time would you like the taxi to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 6:45.  Once that is booked can you provide me with the phone number and car type?|Okay I have booked you a grey Tesla with a contact number of 07632382262. It will pick you up at 6:45 at your hotel
.
Can you book reservations for the restaurant at 7:30|On what day and what size party?
2 people on a Monday I think please.|The restaurant has been booked for 7:30 on Monday for 2 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you|Do you need the reference number for the reservation at the restaurant?
Yes, I wasn't planning to book but since I have I suppose I'll take that number. That will be all for today - thank you for your help!|Glad to have been of service! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay. I need to find free parking and I only want to stay in a hotel and not any thing else other than that.|Huntingdon marriott hotel has parking and is a highly rated hotel.
The hotel should include free wifi.|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott also has free wifi. Would like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.|I'm sorry, the huntingdon marriott hotel is not available. Would you like to try another.  The university arms hotel is a nice hotel in the city centre.
Is it in the same price range?|Its listed as expensive.
And what were the Marriott prices like?|Expensive price. What type would you prefer?
Expensive price is fine.|I was able to book a reservation. Your reference number is 1JALPC7V. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!|Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
Hello, I'm looking for a train out of Cambridge.|What day would you be traveling and where would you like to go?
I would be leaving on Friday and i would be traveling to London Liverpool street and i would like to leave after 21:15|You could take the TR9557 at 21:59, or the TR3138 two hours later.
I'll take the earlier train. could you tell me the travel time, and at what time I will be arriving at London Liverpool street?|Sure, the travel time is 88 minutes and you will arrive at 23:27. Would you like me to book the train for you?
That would be great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel. I would prefer a 3 star hotel. I do not need parking.|Certainly. I have many hotels matching that description. Do you have a preference for what area you stay in?
I don't really care. Could you please find me a moderately priced one, though? I'd like a 3 star if possible.|Excellent, we have 4 options, all 3-star and moderately priced. They only differ by location (north, south, west) and wifi availability. Do you have any preferences given this new information?
I would really like a guesthouse. Is one of those a guesthouse?|Yes, Alpha-milton guesthouse is a 3 star in the north in a moderate price range but no internet. Does this hotel interest you?
Yes. Can I get the phone number and address please.|The phone number for alpha-milton guest house is 01223311625. It is located at 63 milton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today!|Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Do you have information about the Lovell Lodge?|I do. It's a moderately priced 2 star hotel.
What is the postcode for the Lovell Lodge, please? I want to determine the location.|The postcode is cb41sr. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that'll do it. Thanks so much for your help.|Alright. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!
i'm looking for places to go in town|sure. What do you like to do ?
A park in the north part of town|Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse in the centre.|El shaddai is located in the center and is a cheap one. Would you like me to book room(s) for you?
That sounds good but I need free wifi. Does it have free wifi?|yes it does. would you like me to make a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|all set, your confirmation number is PWVDKBN8. Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Happy to help!
Hi, I'm looking for a particular attraction. It's called King's College, can you help me find some information about that place?|Sure. King's College is a free attraction on King's Parade in the center of town. Did you need more information?
Is this some place you would recommend?|If you are looking for a college to visit this one is free. It's located on King's Parade postcode cb21st. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I actually need a place to stay. I'd prefer somewhere in the moderate price range and with free parking.|We have 14 hotels that match that search. What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I would like for it to have a 4 star rating and be located in the east section of town.|There is Carolina bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House.  Do you have a preference?
If you could tell me hotel types of both and phone number please.|Both are guesthouses.  The number for the Carolina is 01223247015.  The number of the Warkworth is 01223362682.
Thank you! Can you help me book a taxi from the college to my hotel?|First I'll need to know which hotel you'll be staying at -- do you have a preference between the Carolina or the Warkworth?
I'll be staying at The Carolina Bed and Breakfast|What time would you like the taxi to pick you up at the college?
I'd like to leave by 6AM.|Awesome. We've got a grey Toyota at 07931363714 coming for you. Is that all?
Okay thank you. That is all I need for now.|That is all I need for now.
I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help you find something. Is there an area you prefer? And do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
I definitely want both a guesthouse and the centre of town.|I would recommend el shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range? If so, yes.|It is not in the moderate price range, would you like to try another area or a different price range perhaps?
I would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. I would like to stay in the city centre.|I'm sorry there are no moderate guesthouses in the centre, maybe another area perhaps?
Are there any cheap guesthouses in the centre of town?|Yes, I've located Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is a 4 star and El Shaddai that is a 0 star. Do you have a preference?
no preference I also need a reference number.|What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
There will be 2 people and we will arrive on Monday.|And for how many days?
I'm sorry, 5 nights please.|Good News! I got the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in 56 saint barnabas road cb12de, phone number 01223525725. The reference # is 3MWI64S9.
Great. I also need a train leaving on Saturday.|Please give me your departure site and your destination station.
The train should leave after 10:00 and should go to stevenage, leaving from cambridge.|There are 7 trains that fit your criteria. The first one after 10 is the TR8377, leaving Cambridge 11:21, arriving Stevenage 12:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that will work!  I need the reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : Y5AV9STN.
Thank you so much! That's all I needed. Have a great day!|Have a nice day then, and goodbye.
I need a cheap place to stay|There are many cheap places. In which area would you like to search for a place to stay?
It  should include free parking.The hotel should include free wifi.|There are 10 cheap hotels what area would you like?
Whichever is the cheapest for 2 people, 5 nights starting Thursday. Please book it, and I will need a reference number. Thanks.|Alright, you are booked at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  Reference number is UK8T46J8.
Thank you, I just want to confirm that this hotel includes free parking and wifi|Yes it includes both.
Thanks, that will be all. good bye.|Enjoy your stay. Goodbye!
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?|It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.|Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.|I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7.
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday|ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range|I have three moderately priced hotels.  Do you need internet and/or parking?
I would like a guest house, with free parking.|Does it matter what side of town it is on?
No it doesn't.|Ok how about acorn guest house. They are moderately priced and have 4 stars. How many rooms and how long is your stay going to be?
1 room, and I'll need it for 2 nights starting Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : B823WKVK.
I am also looking for a train on the same day to Cambridge|Train TR5686 leaves london kings cross. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, and Thank you kind person for helping me!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is S5436QTX. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything.  You've been great thanks.|If everything is fine. Then I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. It's really my pleasure.
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north of town.|There are quite a few guest houses in the north. Worth House is an inexpensive 4 star option offering both free wifi and free parking, if you'd like a recommendation.
I need an expensive one.|I'm sorry, there are no guest houses in the north that are expensive.  There are also no expensive hotels in the north either.  Would you be flexible on location?
How about one in the moderate price range?|I can search and make a few recommendations for you.
Were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? I need to book one for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|There are no matches. Are there any other locations you would like to find a guesthouse?
Is there one in the moderate range then?|Yes, I found 5 guesthouses in the moderate price range. Are you looking for any special amenities?
Nothing else, book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Ok I booked Acorn Guest House for you.  Reference R9SALJYN.  Their phone is 01223353888.  Anything else I can help you with?
I'm going to need a ride to bishops stortford. Is there a train I could get on, around say... 10:30?|There are trains that depart every day at 11:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford by 12:07. Did you have a particular day in mind?
Yes, I would like a train for Friday departing from Cambridge, please.|The TR8078 leaves Cambridge at 11:29.  I can book that if you'd like, I just need to know how many seats you'll need.
Not right now, but can you tell me the per person fare?|Absolutely, the price per person is 10.10 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I should have asked before...What is the travel time?  The duration?|The travel time is 38 minutes from Cambridge to Bishop Stortford.
Thank you, that should be all today.|You're welcome.  Enjoy your trip!  Goodbye.
Are there any 4 star hotels in Cambridge?|How many days will you stay and how many people will be staying with you?
Firstly, before that, I need a hotel that includes free wifi and parking, and needs to be in the cheap price range.|There are 8 options. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
A hotel is fine if you have it please.|The only hotel that fits is on the west side. It's called The Cambridge Belfry. Does that sound like it will work for you? I can book it if you like.
That is fine. I need it for 8 people starting Monday for 4 nights. Can I please have the reference number as well?|The booking was unsuccessful? Would you like to try for a different day or a different number of days?
Can you try it for 2 nights?|They do indeed have rooms for you for two nights. Your reference number is QX5FHJVD. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can I get a train to the Stansted Airport?|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 21:00.  What options do I have?|There are 3 trains that are going to the Stansted Airport after 21:00.  We have train ID TR4364 that leaves at 21:40, should I book that for you?
Yes, please. I would like to book tickets for 8 people on that train - how much will that cost?|Yes the total cost of 8 tickets was 80.80 pounds. I have a booking reference number for you. It is WQTGD7S4. Thank you for calling.
What is the arrival time for that train?|The arrival time is 22:08. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you for your assistance! Have a good day!|Enjoy your trip.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant in Cambridge.|what about prezzo in the west?
I was thinking an Italian restaurant located in the east.|PIzza Hut Fen Ditton would suit you perfectly! They're located in Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I'd like to know the postcode, please?|cb58wr - would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now. I would like to find a place to stay, though.|Do you know what area you would like to stay in?
Nah, the area doesn't matter, I coming to celebrate so just as long as it's an expensive, 4-star hotel, I'm good.|Do you need Parking or internet?
No I do not need to have free parking.|Would you like me to book you a room?
yes for 2 nights starting thursday|Before I finish booking your room at the university arms hotel. Can you confirm how many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people.|Those reservations have been made and your reference number is WULZ2VEX.
Great. Thank you. That is all I need.|Awesome! Have a great trip!
I am looking for places to go and I would like something in the centre.|I have many options available in the centre. Is there a particular attraction type you are looking for?
I am looking for any type of attraction in the centre, just need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type.|I recommend all saints church. It is some nice architecture. There is no entrance fee and the phone number is 01223452587.
Great. I'm going to need a hotel too. It needs to be cheap but have a 4 star rating.|Sorry, there are hotels with that criteria. Would you like me to modify the area or some other part and look again?
I would like it to be in the same area as all saints church.|There are no cheap, 4 star hotels located in the same area as the All Saints Church. There is a guesthouse though that is cheap and has 4 stars.
Can you check again?|Sure. No. There is only a guesthouse called Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I guess you can book that then.  For two nights starting on Friday.|How many people will be staying in the room?
There will be 5 of us.|Great. I've booked your room for 2 days starting Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I also get a taxi to commute between the locations?|Absolutely! When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to leave by 6:30 am.|Your taxi is booked.  Look for a yellow lexus.  The contact number is 07461535393.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!|You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.|What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?|I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?
I do not have a preference on area.|I can suggest the avalon located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?|It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?|Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is  ZG7G439M. Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.|There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel in the east part of town and it needs free wifi.|Would you prefer a proper hotel or a guesthouse? There are 7 places to stay with your chosen criteria.
I have no preference, but the place does need to include free parking.|The Allenbell guesthouse fits your preferences. It's located at 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need to make a reservation there for 8 people, arriving Friday night and departing Wednesday morning.|I have six places with that criteria, is there a star rating you prefer?
No, but I need a place that has free wifi and I would also like a reference number for the booking, please.|I'm sorry, but the hotel has no vacancy for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
I guess you can try for four nights.|Ok, I was able to book your stay for four days. Your reference number is QNV935PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town specifically a college.|What part of town would you like it
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Great. Are you looking for a train, hotel or attractions to visit while in Cambridge?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday to arrive in Leicester by 12:15 please.|the TR9366 train arrives at 12:06.
book for 5 people and get me the reference number|Congratulations, you are all booked! The total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station.Your reference number is : RR4BSBW5. Is there anything else I can do?
I need to find a place to stay that has 4 stars and has free wifi|What is your price range?
It should be expensive and a guesthouse.|Sorry there is no guesthouse fitting the description you asked for
Could you try the moderate price range to see if there are any available?|Yes there are 11. I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people for four nights starting Wednesday.|Okay I have booked that and your reference number is HUH8HH95.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, I appreciate your help today.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I need a local restaurant I can try while in Cambridge. I also need a 3 star moderately priced Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.|Okay. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I'm open to any kind of cuisine. Perhaps you can suggest one.|Why don't we start with the room since those fill up much faster and we'll come back to the restaurant. I have several options in guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range.|Is there a particular area you prefer?  I have guesthouses located in the North, South and West areas of town, which would you prefer?
I don't care, I just want it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|We have Hamilton Lodge, a 3-star guesthouse in the north that's moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book that for me.|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 16U7AL1E.
I would also like more info on the Rice Boat, it is a place to eat.|The Rice Boat is an expensive, Indian restaurant located at 37 Newnham Road, in the West area.
Will you book a table for 2 at 17:00 on Sunday?|You are booked at the rice boat. Your reference number is QWZXQ3XJ. Is there anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:00. I would need the phone number and the type of car.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from the hotel. Please give me the contact info and car type.|Your car is booked your car type is a grey ford and contact number is 07174899771
Thanks that's all I needed for today.|Okay, you are so welcome! Goodbye!
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after 21:45.|The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?|I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?|The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?|Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking.|Okay, I have the alpha-milton guest house in the north area.  Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?
I don't need reservations I just need the address and price range.|moderate	price range. Located at 63 milton road.
Thank you that will be all!|Enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|What area of town would you like?
I would like to go to the south area please.|On the south side, your options are the cinema, entertainment venues, museums, nightclubs, parks, and a theatre.
That's a lot of choices, how about nightclubs? Can you get me a couple of phone numbers for good ones? I'm hoping to catch DJ Squalour from Ibiza!|The only nightclub in the south is called the place on 22 sidney street. Phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like an expensive hotel with free parking.|I have places that fit that description all over town, except in the north. If area is no concern, I recommend the Gonville in the center of town.
Is it four star?|No, it only 3 stars.  The Huntington Marriott is 4 stars though.  It is also expensive and has free parking and internet.
Okay well now I need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by 17:45 to the attraction. I will need a contact number and car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07421633218
I want to confirm that the booked red Lexus is a taxi, as I previously requested?|Yes, it is! Anything else needed?
No that is it. Thank you!|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay at in Cambridge, please.|There are 5 to choose from (two with 4 star ratings). Which side of town would you like to be close to?
I don't care what part of town, just so that it has a 4 star rating.|There are two options - the University Arms Hotel in the centre and the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
The University Arms Hotel. Can you book that for 5 nights please?|What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
Myself and my wife will be staying 5 nights starting on wednesday.|Great! I've booked that for you. Your reference number is 8Z83650O. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I am also looking for the restaurant Frankie and Bennys, I need the phone number, price range, and postcode please.|Absolutely! The phone number is 01223412430 and the postcode is cb17dy. It is expensive / upscale price range. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre|Sure, what type of food do you want me to look for?
I don't have a preference. It should be in the centre, however.|bedouin is a very nice african restaurant. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please.  Would you book it for 8 people on Tuesday at 13:00?  I need to be sure to get the reference number, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P29I9V5T.
Thank you. I'm also in need of a place to stay. I'd like it to be a hotel with a star of 2.|There is the Ashley Hotel, which is a two star hotel in the north. Shall I book it for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?|Yes free parking and internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 3 nights for 8 people on Tuesday.|You are good to go, in case you need it, the reference number is FBC4YKK9, can I help with anything else?
No, that is all.  Thanks for being so helpful for my upcoming trip.  Looking forward to my stay.  Bye.|Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a moderite price range.|There are 21 moderate priced restaurants in the center, anything else like type of restaurant so we can narrow this down?
No, not really.  Can you recommend a favorite?  I will need a reservation.|Yippee Noodle Bar, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar and La Tasca are all interesting options - any of these sound good?
I would like the Cow Pizza Kitchen for 4 people at 13:15 on Saturday. I need a cheap hotel in center too.|Okay.  I would recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It's a 4 star hotel that is cheap.  Does that sound good?
Yes, please book me for four people on saturday for one night.|Ok.  I was able to book a room for you.  The reference number is QOYMYRLQ.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?|Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by 19:30|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.|How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early.|What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09.  It's fine.  What is the travel time on that train?|The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No but I am also looking for a place to stay in a moderate price range.|There are several in the moderate price range. Do you have a certain area in mind?
No, but I would like a 4 star rating.|Will you be needing parking and/or internet?
Parking and internet are not of interest to me really.|The avalon meets your requirements. Would you like reservations?
Is the Avalon a guesthouse? If so, yes I would like to book for Saturday for 6 people, 4 nights.|It is indeed a guesthouse, and I booked it for you. Your reference number is 2QPHXXOJ. How else can I help?
Thank you for making that reservations.|Would you like me to book you a train, or possibly a taxi?
I don't need anything further.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Thank you! You as well!|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a specific hotel. Can you help me?|Absolutely! Which hotel is it?
the cambridge belfry. what is its price range?|It is in the cheap price range.
Thanks! I also need to find an expensive French restaurant to eat at.|Do you have an area preference?
Area, no, just that it's expensive and french.|Restaurant Two Two would suit your needs.  Its in the North area.Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
No, but can you please give me their address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to call them myself to ask about food allergies.|You can reach them at 01223351880. Their located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places|Sure, what time would you like the car for?
I'd like to leave the restaurant at 21:00.|There are many taxi services in town,which would you prefer ?
I am looking for museums in west Cambridge.|There are several museums in the west part of town. For example, Cafe Jello Gallery, Cambridge and County Folk Museum or Lynne Strover Gallery.
Let me get more information about Cafe Jello Gallery.|Their address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. They are located in the West part of town and the entrance is free.
I also need to know about Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.|Okay, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located on 53 roseford road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. 1 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Great! Your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TZLIIGK2.
thank you for all your help|You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need for today. Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day!
I need a train that gets me where I'm going by 4:15 PM.|I have no doubt we'll find one. Where are you going, and when?
I'm going from cambridge to kings lynn and want to arrive by 16:15|On what time will you be travelling?
Again, I want to arrive by 16:15.|And on which day?
on saturday. book for 3 people|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee of 23.52 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is CCTLXM29.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay|We have a number of hotels and guesthouses. What area and price range are you looking to book a room?
I would like a hotel in the west. Free parking and wifi are a must.|There are four hotel available.
I'd like a hotel with free parking and also free wifi.|There are four hotels that meet your criteria. Two are cheap, one moderate, and one expensive. Are you wanting to book one of those?
Any of those is fine, I just need the phone number, price range and postcode.|Hobsons house is moderately priced and can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Will that be all?
That is all that I need today, thank you.|Have a great time.
I'm looking for a hotel called the autumn house, can you give me some information about it?|Sure. Autumn House is a guesthouse located in the east and has a 4 star rating. Anything else you'd like to know about Autumn House?
What is the price range?|The price range is cheap. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
I will think about it. Is there anyway you can book me a train?|I sure can! I need some information to help find you the right one. Can you tell me where you are going to and where you are departing from?
I'm going to stevenage from cambridge.|When would you like to arrive or depart and what day?
I want to leave Cambridge on Tuesday, after 21:30.|TR3300 Departs from Cambridge on Tuesday at 23:21 and arrives in Stevenage by 24:10. The price is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't need a booking just now, thank you. In fact, that's everything I needed today.|Ok great! If there's nothing else, I hope you have a great day!
No, there is nothing else. Thank you, have a great day!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
Hi, I'm shopping for colleges. Can you help me find one to visit in the city centre, please?|I have five. Is there one you would like to know about in particular?
Can you name them off for me?|Sure.  There are actually 13.  The first five we've got is Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Downing College, Emmanuel College and Gonville and Caius College.
Can I get the post code for Christ's College?|Sure, it's cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and in the centre of town.|Four star options in the centre of town are limited to the Alexander B&B, and the University Arms Hotel. Does price matter?
Yes, I would like to stay within the moderate price range, if possible.|no matches were found for your description, can we try something else perhaps?
I am looking for a north indian food restaurant in the town centre.|I'm sorry, there are no North Indian restaurants in the centre area. Would you like to check a different area?
What about expensive restaurants?|Unfortunately there are no expensive North Indian restaurants.
What about a restaurant that serves just indian food?|How does the Curry Garden sound?
That sounds good. Please book for 2 people at 11:45 on Saturday.|Thanks, booking has been completed.
Thank you. Can you give me a reference number? Also, I need to book a 4 star guesthouse.|Your reference number is FNEQ6E1A. And alright, any other preferences regarding the guesthouse?
I need it to include free wifi.|There are 18 guesthouses matching your criteria. What area and price range would you prefer?
I trust your opinion, just please let me know the price range and postcode.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the west side. Its postcode is cb30nd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  You have been very helpful.|Have we fulfilled all of your requests today?
What is the price range for the hotel?|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse. Do you need anything more?
No, that is it. Thank you.|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!
I need a cheap place to eat on the south side of town.|Great, I have two places to recommend.  Nados serves Portuguese and the Lucky Star serves Chinese.  Which one do you like?
Nados serves Portuguese sounds good can I get a address, food type, and phone number?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223327908.
Excellent.  I also need to find a place to stay while in town.  Can you help me find a cheap hotel?|Yes I can help.  Will you be staying on the south side as well?  Do you have any accommodation requirements?  Thanks.
Yes, I'll be staying on the South side so a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi will do|I found Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for you. Would you like me to book it?
Can i just get the address please?|Sure the address is 53 Roseford Road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need.|Okay, I will go ahead and sign off then. Let me know if you need anything else.
I would like to go and visit Leicester. Do you think you can help me find a train to get me there?|Sure! There are plenty of trains going to Leicester. What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.|Perfect. What day would you like to travel on? Do you need to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I will be traveling on Sunday and would like to arrive by 08:30 please.|The first train leaves at 06:21 and arrives at 08:06. How many tickets would you like please?
I need it for eight people, please.|Great! You're booked on TR9187 with reference number MJJ7J6CV. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes! I also need to find an expensive guesthouse in the north. It should have plenty of free parking for my fancy car.|I am sorry, there are no expensive guest houses in the north with free parking.  Would you like to try another area?
Then how about one that is in the cheap price range?|There are 2 options. City Centre north has a rating of 0 stars and Worth House has a rating of 4 stars. Would you like me to book either of them?
Worth House sounds good.  Thank you.|I'll be happy to book a room for you. How many nights and how many people?
I actually just needed the information. That's all I need for now. Thank you. Goodbye.|Sure,thanks for using this service.
Hi! I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Sure. There's quite a few places you can visit in the Centre. Do you have a particular type of attraction in mind?
I have never been to the Centre before, can you tell me the most popular spot to go?  Perhaps a museum.|There is a great museum in the centre of town called castle galleries. It's free and located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
May I have the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223307402.
Thanks so much. I am also wanting to see if you can help me find a cheap room to stay in.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What area would you like to stay in?
kindly find me one in the west|Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating please.   It also must include free wi-fi.|the cambridge belfry is the only hotel with those criteria.
That will work.I need the address please.|The address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the address.  That will be all for now.|Have a great time and I hope you enjoy your stay! Goodbye
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 4 stars.|Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I'd like a hotel in the east part of the city.|I do not see a hotel in the east part of the city. Do you have any recommendations?
That;s too bad...so what do you have? Other part of town?|i have 2 hotels in the west and 1 in the centre.  Would you like to book one of these?
Lets go for the one in the Centre please. Can you make is for 2 people for 4 nights starting Monday. Oh and can I get the reference number?|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range that will be fine. I need the reference number too.|What price range are you looking for?
In the same price range as the other hotels.|I was able to book Gonville Hotel, reference number is SHEWP52T
Wonderful-thanks. Can you send me the address and phone number of the establishment?|It's address is gonville place and its phone number is 01223366611.
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.|So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?|university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?|No, but The Lensfield Hotel meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?|Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving on Thursday.  What time would you like to depart?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in. I don't care about parking, though.|There are 24 places available, Acorn Guest House has good ratings
I ant a place with a rating of at least 4 stars, a guesthouse, in the east, and I don't need free parking.|Okay, how about the a and b guest house?  If fits everything you need.
Perfect! Let's book it for two nights starting Saturday. There are five people in my party. I will also need the reference number.|Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay would work for you?
Can you suggest another place, is there a hotel with 4 stars in that area?|I'm sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east, but there are quite a few 4 star guesthouses. Would one of those interest you?
Yes. I want to book one for 5 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|Actually the A & B Guesthouse just opened up for Saturday.  Your reference number is GM77DLR6.  Can I further assist you?
That's it for now, thank you so much.|You're welcome, Thank you, goodbye.
Can I get information on places to stay in the north that have free internet?|Sure, do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I don't have a preference. I will need parking too.|I would suggest this place arbury lodge guesthouse. Is that okay?
getme its price range, phone number and hotel type|Arbury Lodge guesthouse is a GUESTHOUSE in the moderate price range, and the phone is 01223364319.
Do you have any restaurants near there with Chinese food?|There are three. Did you have a preference for price?
I would like somewhere moderately priced.|The Golden Wok suits your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can you book a for a table of 5 at 17:30 on Monday?|The reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 42ARMODJ. Anything else?
No. I am all set thank you.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I am coming to cambridge and would like some type of entertainment while visiting.|Personally, I enjoy the Funky Fun House, it is located in the east area at 8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Will you be needing any further information?
That sounds great, but come to think of it I should try something close to our hotel in the centre. Anything there?|I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre.
Could I have the address and phone number of the Funky Fun House and is this a nightclub?|Funky's address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705.  It isn't a nightclub.
Can you find me some information on alexander bed and breakfast?|Alexander is a cheap guesthouse in the centre with four stars and free internet and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yes that is perfect can you book that?|Definitely. What day are you coming in?
I am coming in on Friday. I want to stay for 3 nights with 8 people.|I've booked a room for 8 people beginning on Friday and lasting three nights. Your reference number is EZF4SMWV. Can I help you find anything else in Cambridge?
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye|Goodbye. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I would be in cambridge and I need to find a train that will be leaving from peterborough this sunday, can you help me find one?|Am I correct that you are travelling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday? There are plenty of options for that trip. Do you have any preferences on departure and arrival times?
Yes it has to leave on Sunday after 19:15.|On Sunday, train TR3922 leaves Peterborough at 19:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:09 and is 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, can you please book 4 tickets for me and provide me with the reference number, please.|Certainly, your reference number is GE1DNN0F. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I also need some accomodations. Got anything with free wifi?|I have 32 results of lodging with free wifi. Could you be more specific on what area you'd like to stay in, or what type such as hotel or guesthouse?
Certainly! I'd like an expensive 4-star hotel, please. No guesthouses.|You have your choice of the Huntingdon Marriott or the University Arms.
I'll take the Huntingdon Marriott. Will you please book a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday for four people?|I've booked your stay at the Huntingdon Marriott for 4 people.
Great. All I need is the reference number for that reservation.|No problem. Your reference number for your room is Z1A3JS0N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be it, thank you!|Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town.|There are 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the south of town. Is there a particular price range you're looking for?
I definitely want to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. Is the hotel moderately priced, and does it have free parking?|There are no moderately priced hotels in that side of town. Would you like to try a different side of town?
I see, well how about a guesthouse in that area with free parking?|Yes I have two guesthouses in that area. Would you be interested in either of them?
Yes, which one has room for six guests?|For what day would you like me to try booking for?
I need it on Sunday, for 3 nights.|Unfortunately, neither of those guesthouses can take in 6 guests for three nights on Sunday. Might I suggest another day or a shorter stay?
OK, can you accommodate 2 nights then?|Unfortunately, neither guesthouse can accommodate 2 nights. Is there another date you'd like to try for, or would you like to try for 1 night rather than 2?
Is there any other options that we can look into?|Unfortunately those are the only options within that price range. Would you like me to look for a more affordable option?
Just please book for that room for 2 nights.|I'm sorry, as I previously mentioned neither guesthouse can accommodate that request. How about another area of town?
Are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights Sunday for 6 people?|Not  based on Sunday arrival - would you like to try another day or shorter stay?
Let's try again. A moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. Sunday, 2 nights, 6 people.|I apologize. There is no hotel or guesthouse in the south with free parking that can accomodate you with those details. A different day or a shorter stay may work.
Could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting Sunday with a moderate price and free parking?|I'm sorry to tell you that there is no hotel in any area of town that meets those requirements and can accomodate 6 for 3 days from Sunday.
Shoot.  Well, okay, how about two nights?|I have booked 6 into Acorn Guest House for 2 days starting Sunday. It is moderately priced, in the north, with parking. Reference number 0GNWIGNC. Is there anything else?
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne that leaves after 8:15 on tuesday.|Train TR7656 departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 09:01.  If this works for you how many tickets do you need booked?
I need 6 tickets please.|I have booked 6 tickets for train TR7656 leaving at 9:01 Tuesday. The total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is SGNRTY27. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|Awesome. Take care!
Can you get me information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?|I can. City Centre North B & B is an inexpensive guesthouse offering free parking and free wifi.
Can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting monday? Can i have a reference number too please?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XCHS38QL. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for some train information please. I want to take the train into Cambridge.|Where is your departure site and what day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving from Ely, and I should be in Cambridge no later than 9:00, on Monday. I have a meeting in town.|TR7994 arrives by 5:52 and TR0755 by 7:52, which one would you prefer?
I would prefer TR0755.|Ok, TR0755 costs 4.40 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great.  Thank you very much.|I'll get right on that. Can I know how many tickets you'd like to purchase?
I would like two tickets please.|Sure thing I will work on booking that and be right back with you.
I just need to know the id. I do not need to book it.|Is there anything else that you need help with?
No, that's all. Thank you|you're welcome! bye!
I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night.|For that price range, I have several guesthouses. Do you have a preference on the area of town you stay in?
Yes, I'd really like to stay on the west end of the city. Anything available there?|How about Hobsons House? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the west end.
Does that place have free wifi?|Yes the place provides free wifi.
Thank you, can you book me for 7 people and two nights, beginning on Sunday?  May I also get a reference number?|Your booking was successful and reference number is Q1P81Y9Z. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks, that is all.|Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and in moderate price range please.|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I do not really care but would like it to have a 3 star rating.|hamilton lodge	 is located in the north at 156 chesterton road. Want me to book it?
No thanks. I will need the phone number please. Also, do they have internet?|Hamilton lodge does have free wifi and their phone number is 01223365664.
Great. I also need a restaurant in the same price range. I'd like it to be a british place.|May I suggest the Oak Bistro located at 6 Lensfield Road.
could I have the  area and phone number|It is 01223323361.
Great.  Thanks.  Last thing, can you tell me what area of town that's in?|sure it's in the centre part of town, anything else?
That's all. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks so much. Goodbye|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4|There are five hotels that meet your requirements. Is there a certain part of town you are looking in?
No, not really. Although, I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking.|How about the Leverton House?  It's at 732-734 New Market Road.  It's in the east part of town.  Can I book this for you?
That sounds good. I would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: 7AAR2TYB.
I appreciate your help. I need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after 10:15. What is available, please?|We have plenty after 10:15, what day of the week?
Great, I'm looking to travel on Sunday.|I am showing 7 options here. Do you want tickets on one of them?
Yeah, book the earliest one for 4 people and send me the reference number|Alright, your tickets are booked and your reference is BFCUMP2S. Anything else today?
That is all I need today, thank you.|We're happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Hello, I am planing to visit Cambridge and I am looking for a swimmingpool.|Okay, there are four places in town. Do you prefer a particular area?
It doesn't matter. I will need the address, phone number, and area of town.|Ok, I recommend parkside pools in the centre of town, they are located on gonville place and are reachable at 01223446100.
That's great thanks. Also I need a hotel in the south.|I have 4 different options for you. 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. The hotel is expensive, whereas the others are moderate or cheap. Do you have a preferred price range?
Not really, just get me one with 3 stars please|There are 2, The Bridge a moderately priced and the Lensfeild inthe expensive price range.  Both are in the South and offer free parking and internet.
The Bridge is fine, please.|Would you like to book the Bridge Guest House?
Yes please, could you make a booking for me?|What day and time would you like to go?
I'm sorry, but I don't need a booking anymore. Could you tell me if they have free parking?|yes they do have free parking
Okay, thanks.  Do they also have free internet?|They sure do!
Great!  Thank you for your help.  Goodbye!|You're welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at, and I don't require free parking.|I show several to guesthouses to choose from.  Is there an area of town you prefer?
Yes. I would like to stay in the north.|Is there a price range you have in mind?
I do not have a particular price range in mind.|Okay, I've got the acorn guest house.  It's a 4 star place.  Would you like me to book you there?
No, thank you. Can you just give me the phone number, please?|No problem! You can ring them at 01223353888. Anything else?
I also need to book a train. It needs to go to Cambridge and leave on Sunday.|There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where will you be leaving from?
Kings Lynn is my point of departure.|No problem.  There are trains leaving hourly.  The trip takes 47 minutes.  The cost is 7.84 pounds. If you know what time you would like to leave, I can make a reservation for you.
I would like to know the train ID for that train please.|Okay the trainID is TR6003, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. What is the total travel time and departure time also?|TR6003 leaves kings lynn to cambridge on sunday at 05:11.  It takes 47 minutes to get there.  How many tickets will you be needing?
Actually, I'm all set. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a nice day!
Hi. I'm looking for a place to spend the night, and I want somewhere without any hidden fees for parking or wifi.|There are 29 choices. Do you have a preference in the area of town and price range?
I want a cheap price range, please.|There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast thich is 4 star and has free parking and wifi.
Great, can I have it for 4 people for 2 nights on wednesday and also I need a reference number?|Good news! Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is 5KCBOHZB.
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that departs from Bishop's Stortford that departs on Wednesday.|I have over 10 options. Do you have a preference for a departure or arrival time?
I would like it to arrive by 20:30 please.|There are 8 trains that will arrive by the time you stated. Do you have a preference on what time you leave at?
I'll take the train that arrives closest to 20:30 for 4 people please.|I have booked for you Train Tr9178  the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : IKRVR8G2.
Thanks! For all your help.|Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|You're welcome, goodbye.
Can you help me find a train for Wednesday, heading into Cambridge?|I have five trains that meet your criteria.
I'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 16:15. Does this help?|The TR2232 train is available. It departs wednesday at 17:39 from london liverpool to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please book me a ticket.|Just to clarify, would that be just one ticket or multiple tickets?
Oh wait, before booking I would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.|It will arrive by 19:07.  Do you need tickets?
I need to know the travel time before booking.|the travel time is 88 minutes.
Thanks, I actually don't want to book just yet. I do need a place to stay though. Could you please suggest a hotel in a moderate price range?|I found few hotel for you but before I make a reservation, do prefer it have Internet or parking option ?
Yes, it will need to have free parking and free internet please|Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
Yes, I am looking for something in the North.|I see 9 options here. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I think I'd like a moderately priced hotel, please.|I have 2 in that area. They are Ashley hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to make reservations for one of these?
I like the sound of the Lovell Lodge.|Great, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. There will be 7 people staying for 4 nights|I have you booked as requested starting on wednesday, the reference number is ZFBJXY09 any other questions today?
That is everything, thank you for your assistance.|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Turkish food.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, what is your price range?
I'm not picky about the price.  Could you recommend one and give me the price range?|Sure. I recommend Efes Restaurant. It's menu is moderately priced and easy on the wallet.
I also need a guesthouse with 4 stars.|Which side of town would you prefer?
In the same area as the restaurant, centre.  In prefer a cheap price range.|The alexander bed and breakfast meets your needs and has breakfast!  Need a reservation?
Can I have the number to the hotel?|Their phone number is 01223525725.
Can you tell me their address and let me know whether or not they have internet there?|Sure, the address for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 56 Saint Barnabas Road, cb12de. They offer free Wifi and free parking. Can I help with anything else?
That sounds great thank you.|May I assist you with something else, today?
No,that's all.Thanks and have a good day|You are very welcome. And you have a great day as well. Goodbye
I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.|I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by 12:30.|I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.|Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.
Hello, can you give me some information on a train?|I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.|Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?|Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.|We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.|They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
I'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, free parking and wifi should be included|I have tons of options available. Is there a particular area you would like?
No, but I do prefer a guesthouse.|What about price range?
Can you tell me which one is your favorite, and let me know the price range and address for that one?|The acorn guest house is in a moderate price range and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the east area.|There are 4 restaurants that match your description. Any opinion on price?
I would like something moderately priced please.|There is the Curry Prince and Rajmahal which meet your criteria.
Pick one for me. I want to book it for myself on friday at 16:15.|I booked Curry Prince for you for Friday at 16:15, table for one, reference number G6570XEX. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Perfect, that is all that I need.  Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!|Just let us if you need additional assistance in the future.  Goodbye.
Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and need some help with a train.  I'm not familiar with trains at all unfortunately.|Don't worry, I should be able to help you. Do you know which station you'll be leaving from or going to?
I'm departing from leicester and I need to leave on friday.  Thank you for helping!|What is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
11 pm and I want it for three people|TR6539 will arrive by 22:54. Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IE5RK2IG. Do you need anything else?
I also need a place to stay.|We have many great places to stay. What area would you like and do you have a price range?
Hi there, I'd love to find a guesthouse with free parking.|I have 21 guesthouses is there an area you are looking for or a price range you would like to be in?
Well I would like something with 3 stars. I don't care about the internet.|bridge guest house	has good reviews if you'd like that
That sounds interesting. Do they happen to have free wifi?|They do! Would you like to reserve a room?
I really would like it to have a 3 star rating. If Bridge Guest House does, then yes, please make a reservation for 3 people arriving on Monday.|The Bridge Guest House is rated 3 stars, and has free wifi and parking. Before I can make a reservation, I need to know how many nights you will be staying.
Please make a reservation for 3 nights.|No problem.  Your reference number is VQLMM8NQ.  Anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?|It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.|Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.|I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7.
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday|ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?
Before booking I need to make sure that train meets my needs.  May I please get the arrival time of that train and the price?|it arrives at 13:23 and will cost you 75.10 pounds
Okay, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our service, goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking a 4 star place to stay on the northside.|There are 8 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a preference on price range?
No but I need it to have free parking.|How about the Kirkwood House? It is a 4 star guesthouse on the north side of town with free wifi and free parking.
That sounds good. I need to book a 3 night reservation for four people to check in on Friday.|I'm sorry, it seems there wasn't a room available, after all. Shall we try another hotel?
Yes what are the other options?|I found you a room at the Acorn Guest House on Chesterton Road.  The reference number is Z0BKPDDZ.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 3 nights starting friday?|The booking was successful for 7 people for 3 nights at acorn guest house  .  Your reference# is  NUYR7OQG. Is there anything else?
No thank you. Good bye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your trip.
I need to get to Cambridge by 10:30, is it possible to do that by train?|Where are you leaving from? And what day do you need to leave?
I'll be leaving from Ely on Monday.|We have three trains arriving by 10:30. What time would you like to leave?
What time would I need to leave in order to arrive by 10:30?|I would say you should leave by 09:35
Ok can i get the train ID and price?|TR2987, fare is 4.40 pounds and your trip will be 17 minutes.
Great. Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.|There are many to choose from. Do you have a preferred area?
I don't have a preferred area, but I am looking for a hotel, not a  guesthouse. Does that narrow it down?|Unfortunately there aren't any hotels that match that criteria.  They are all guesthouses.
Ok, a guesthouse will have to do. How many choices do I have?|There are 11 choices.  Picking an area of town will help to narrow it down.
Please pick the best option. I need a room for 8, for two nights and starting Monday.|Booking was successful for the a and b guest house. Your reference number is : 1HPJ1F1W.  Do you require any further assistance?
Not, that is all I will need today. Thanks.|Is there anything else?
no that will be all thanks so much.|You're very welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm really looking forward to coming to Cambridge. You have an Express by Holiday Inn, right?|Yes we do have one Express Holiday Inn. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next Saturday.|Sure, how many days would you like to stay?
I just need their postcode and price range please. I will book it myself later.|No problem! The postcode is cb13llh and price range is listed as expensive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking to visit The Fez Club during my stay. May I have their phone number?|Sure. Their number is 01223519224. May I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to take me from The Fez Club to my hotel please.|I can book that for you. Can you give me a departure time?
I want to leave the Fez Club by 17:00.|I booked a red Volkswagen to pick you up at The Fez Club by 17:00.  The contact number is 07404417573.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That was it. Thanks for your help!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need some places to go. Can you tell me about some concert halls in the south?|Unfortunately I am not finding any concerthalls in the south. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area of town you would be interested in?
I am also interested in your local museums. Are there any in the south?|Yes, there is 1 museum in that location. It is called Byard Art Museum. Would you like more information?
Sure. What is the entrance fee and phone number?|Entrance is free, and the phone number is 01223464646.
I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a 4 star moderately priced place|I have several options for you. Would you like a particular area?
Not really, but I prefer guesthouse type.|Do you think the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House would suit you? It's also in the south. I can try to book you a room if you like.
As long as they have decent internet I'm fine.|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does offer internet. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you. That's everything I needed.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you give me information about Cambridge Artworks, please?|Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east located at 5 Greens Road and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That sounds pretty neat. My daughter is really into the arts. Can I get their phone number please?|Absolutely! The phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a 4 star hotel as well.|Are you looking for lodgings near Cambridge Artworks, or in a different part of the City?
I'd rather stay in the centre if possible.|What would you like to pay per night?
Any would be fine. I just need to know the price range.|cheap and moderate are the price ranges would you like to book a room?
Just the four star and hotel, tell me what my price options are with that one.|Thank you, what is the address?
I am unsure of the address, can you look it up?|There are no 4 star hotels in the center area.
Hmm are you sure about that? Can you check again?|I double checked.  There are no 4 stars hotels in the center area.
Can you suggest one in that area?|Im sorry, I am the manager and it is training day, we have two four star hotels in the centre university arms is expensive and alexander bed and breakfast is cheap?
Thanks I only needed the price ranges for those hotels. Have a good day.|Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a room and want to see if I can find somewhere that has 3 stars. Can I get some help with that?|I found 4 guesthouses and 2 hotels with 3 star ratings do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse.|There is the Gonville hotel in the centre and The Lensfield hotel in the south, both have free internet and parking.  Would you like to book one of these?
Could you give me more information the the Lensfield?|The lensfield hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the south area. Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes please, book it for Saturday for 3 people for 3 nights.|I'm sorry, I was unable to reserve rooms for that day and length of stay. Would you like to try anything else?
How about 2 nights?  Would that work?|I have successfully booked your stay at the Lensfield Hotel for two nights. 716V6QS6 is your reference number.
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.|Have a great stay!
Do you know much about hotels?|Yes! I know we have 33 in town. Do you need to book one of them?
Yes please,the cheapest one,thank you|There are 10 cheap hotel's in town. Would you like to be in the North, South, East, West, or Central location?
I would like to stay in the west please. Can you send me some info?|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west.  Would you like their address?
Lets start over, my apologies.  We were actually looking for a moderate priced hotel, with 0 stars and free parking, disregard everything said before this.|Unfortunately there are no hotels matching that criteria. Would you like for me to search for 2, 3 or even 4 star hotels?
How about a cheap 0 star hotel with free parking?|The el shaddai may be a good choice for you.
Ok that works please make reservations for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Done! Your reference number is SY4TL1W6. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a museum in the east. Any recommendations?|Yes!  Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Tech, Gallery at Twelve and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.  Any interist?
Yes, can I have more information about the Cambridge Museum of Tech? What is their address?|Absolutely, their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Is there anything else I can assist yo with today?
Can I also get a phone number and postcode for the museum?|their phone number is 01223368650 and their postcode is cb58ld
sorry, what is the address?|Address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane
That's all thank you for your help.|No problem. Will there be anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|No problem, glad to help.  Have a great weekend.
I need a place to stay. What's available on the west side, with free wifi?|There are 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses with free wifi in the west side. Which type of place do you want?
I'm looking for something with a 4 star rating and also free parking. Is anything like that available?|How about price range what do you prefer there?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Any price range is fine as long as it meets my other criteria. Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Huntingdon Marriott hotel. It's address is kingfisher way hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon, postcode pe296fl. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I do need a reservation.|How many people and how long will your stay be for?
6 people and for a week.|What day will you be checking in?
I will want to start from Monday on.|Okay the booking was successful starting on Monday for a week for six people.  Your reference number is 6J7RDABU. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need information about a restaurant don pasquale pizzeria.|This is an italian restaurant.  Their phone number is 01223350106  Their addres is 12 Market Hill City Centre CB23NJ. May I make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at 11:30 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JRA6G1IN. Anything else I can help you with?
I need to get a taxi. I want to go from the Huntingdon to get to Don Pasquale by 11:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07029440032
That will be all for today! Thanks so much for your help!|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a train departing out of Norwich to Cambridge, please.|Certainly. What day and time would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on friday after 08:15|TR3293 will leave at 08:16 would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you book that for 5 people and give me a reference number?|Ok, I've booked 5 people on TR 3293.  Your reference number is BBG39TVV and your total due is 88 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
I need a place to stay too.|How about guesthouses? Or would you prefer a hotel? How long is your stay and how many rooms?
We will need the guesthouse for 4 nights starting friday and will need 2 rooms.  Thank you.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre is an excellent choice. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range of the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|The price range on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap. Would you like to book a room?
No, actually I need a hotel in the expensive price range.|I have no expensive guesthouses, but I do have the University Arms Hotel that is expensive in the centre of town, rated 4 stars with wifi and parking.
Could I get the postcode and phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. Can I assist you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
There are trains that run out of Broxbourne, right?|indeed, do you know what day you're traveling?
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday, and I need to get there around 10:00.|TR3111 will arrive at 09:32. Want to book?
Yes, I need a booking 3 people and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JY9BZKAV.
I also need a place to stay in the south with a 4 star rating.|I have two options for you. Both offer free parking and wifi and are 4 star rated. There is Aylesbray Lodge and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Which would you prefer?
Are either of those in the moderate price range?|Yes, aylesbray lodge guest house is in the moderate price range. Can I book you a room?
Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : L4WMNV6Q.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I would love to locate a hotel that includes wifi and parking in its prices.|There are several hotels that have wifi and parking. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No specific area, but I would like a guesthouse type of hotel.|There are 21 hotels that match your criteria. Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Sure! Can I have the address and the area it's located in?|The Acorn Guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, cb41da. It is located in the north part of town.
Okay great. Thank you so much.|You are most welcome!
I am also looking for a park to visit, can I get the postcode of one?|Sure! milton country park is at cb46az. It's free admission .
Free is perfect. That will leave me extra to book a taxi from my hotel.|I can book your taxi for you if you would like, would you care to go ahead and book one?
I need the taxi to commute and I have to leave the hotel by 14:00, can I get their contact number and car type please.|It is a black volkswagen. The number is 07563800570. It will be there at 14:00 to take you to milton county park
Great! Thank you so very much!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
Yes, would you be able to help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?|I can definitely help with that. What day would you like to travel? And what is your desired destination?
I want to travel on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|There are 19 different trains on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 14:30. Could you find me a train for that time?|The first train to leave after 14:30 is TR6982 and leaves at 15:11
OK, could you book me 7 tickets for the TR6982?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse while I'm there. I'd like a place that has free parking.|There are a number of guesthouses.  Do you have a price range and an area that you prefer?
No. What is available?|I have 21 places that fit what you want.  Do you have a price preference?
Not at the moment.  Can you recommend any moderately priced guesthouses to accommodate  7 people?|Is there a specific area of town you would like to stay in?
Not particularly. I just need one for 5 nights starting Monday. Whichever you recommend.|I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a guesthouse, would you be able to check in at a later day, or could you stay for a shorter period?
Can you book it for 3 nights?|You're booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights, 7 people, starting on Monday. Your reference number is WU51A5WI. Can I help with anything else today?
I do not need anymore help. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you.  Enjoy your stay!  Let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future!
I need a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse with free wifi|Sure, is there a particular part of town you prefer?
Still deciding that part but would definitely need the expensive price range.|It looks like there are no expensive guesthouses with free wi-fi. Are there any other place you would be interested in?
Can you find any expensive hotels then?|There are 5 hotels that match your request. To help you further I will need to know what part of town you want to be in.
The part of town does not really matter to me. Can you recommend something please and let me know whether or not they have free parking?|huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel that would fit all your needs. It does have free parking. It is located in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. I need info on a place to dine, in the centre area that serves Italian food.|Okay.  Well, Italian restaurants are pretty popular in that area as there are many to choose from.  Do you care about the price range?
no. recommend and give me the price range, postcode and phone number|Okay, sure.  There's a great restaurant called Pizza Express located at Regent Street City Centre.  They are moderately priced and their phone number is 01223324033.
Thank you goodbye|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am needing to find a place to stay while traveling in Cambridge. I would like a guesthouse that is 4 stars.|I have results for 5 guesthouses, which part of town are you looking to stay in, and do you need parking?
I don't care about the part of town, but I do want free parking.|I have found 16 guesthouse style hotels. Is there a specific area you would like or price range?
Like I said I needed a guesthouse with 4 stars... Location and price don't matter.|The acorn guest house meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Please do. It will be a 3 night stay for 4 people.|What day would you like to start your stay?
On wednesday please|Okay, I've booked that for you.  Your reference number is 5X06NQ04.
I am also hoping to find a place to eat in the centre that isn't too expensive. Do you have any suggestions for modern european food?|There are 2 restaurants in the moderate price range, and 1 that is cheap. Which pricing is preferable to you?
Give me the postcode, phone number and address of one of the moderately priced ones|De Luca Cuccina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect! That's all I need, thank you.|You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your stay.
is there a nice night club in the west that you can recommend?|No I am sorry there isn't something else perhaps?
How about a college?|There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college is located on storey's way and doesn't charge an entrance fee.
Great. That's all I need to know. Thank you.|Thank you goodbye
I need information on the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House, please.|Sure. The guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the south part of town. It is moderately priced and offers free wifi and free parking.
That is good. Can I please book it?|Of course! How many guests will be visiting and how many days would you like to stay? When would you like to begin your stay?
Before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the north area?|In the north we have riverboat georgina, milton country park, jesus green outdoor pool, and kings hedges learner pool. Are you interested in learning more about any of these?
What is the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?|The entrance fee for the Milton Country Park is free. Are you interested in learning about other sites in the north?
The Milton Park will do wonderfully, I will need a cab.|Thank you for the information. I will call a cab presently. Enjoy your stay at The Milton, it was a pleasure.
I need to find a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.|I have lots of options for you. Do you prefer a certain area or type of food?
Cheap world food, please.|We don't have any of those unfortunately. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Yeah, how about a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?|I have three places, would you prefer it still be cheap or would expensive work as well?
I would still like cheap please.|That would be the gardenia, at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you give me the postcode, please?|Certainly.  The post code is cb2311
I also need a place to stay in the centre. 1 star, please.|I don't have any 1 star hotels but I have a 0 star hotel called El Shaddai in the Centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about any with 4 stars?|Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre.  Will that be okay?
Yes, please book me for one person. Do they have internet and what is their phone number?|Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223525725. In order to book that for you, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
I do not need the hotel booked, but I do need to schedule a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|Okay, when would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.|Great! You're booked with a black tesla and the contact number is 07413441845. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers it all. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Thank you. Have a great day!|You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and you can always let us know if you need any more assistance.
I am looking for the Warkworth House hotel.|Warkworth House is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse on the eastside. It offers free wifi and parking. Would you like the address or phone number?
No, I think I would like to book it for myself for 5 nights.|Of course, what day would you like your reservation to begin?
On Thursday please. Can I have the reference number once it's booked?|I'm very sorry, but there are no rooms available for five days starting on Thursday. Should I try to find a different hotel?
Sure, as long as it is in the same price range. And can I get the reference number once you book it, please?|Alright. I was able to book you a room at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is OZ7QG2OK. Is there anything else you need?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you, good day. Let us know if you need any thing else.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.|We have four such hotels. Do you have a preferred location or type?
Location doesn't matter really, I would like it to be moderately priced with a 3 star rating.|How about Hamilton Lodge? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the North with 3 stars and free wifi and parking!
That sounds good. I want to make a booking for 5 people. We need to stay for 5 nights starting on Friday.|OK, your hotel is booked. Friday for 5 nights for 5 people at Hamilton lodge. Ref# is 9TUYXWW9. May I help with something else?
Could you also help me find a swimmingpool in town? let me know what area it is in.|There are a few.  Do you have a preference in location?
No preference, but close to the hotel would be good.|Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river.
That sounds good.  I will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool.  I'd like to leave the pool at 04:30 please.|Sure.  I booked a Grey Volkswagen for you.  It will pick you up at the pool at 4:30.  The contact number is 07941682445. Is there anything else?
That's all I need! Thank you!|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!
Hello I am looking for a high-class super fancy pricey restaurant that serves south Indian food. Any suggestions would be great.|There are 14 restaurants that match your criteria, any preference in area?
I just want it to be south indian food. I don't mind what area it's in.|Ok great.  The Curry Garden is highly recommended.  It is in the Centre.  Are you looking to reserve a table?
Yes.  I would like to book a table on Wednesday for 6 people at 11:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : FPQJQM5F.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I also would like to stay at a 4 star location in the north please|There are no locations that meet your criteria in that area. Would you like to search in another location?
I don't believe you. check again.  I also want free wifi.|There are no hotels, but there are 8 guesthouses which meet your requirements. Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Which do you recommend?|I recommend the acorn guest house.  How does that sound?
Sounds good, can I please have their postcode and the price range?|They are a moderate priced guesthouse with free parking and internet in the cb41da post code. Would you like me to make a reservation for there?
I'll have to think about it. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some suggestions.  I am looking for places to go in town.|Can I ask you some questions about the types of places you want to go while you're in Cambridge?
The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.|The Vue Cineme is in the Grafton Centre, on East Road. Do you need any more information?
What is the postcode for The Vue Cineme?|The postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. I do need free wifi.|I have one place.Shall I book it?
Sure, I'll be coming in on Sunday with one other person. We'll be staying for 3 nights.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is UOE033DZ. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the hotel?|Absolutely, when did you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 23:30.|For me to book your Taxi  what time you will like to arrive?
You don't need an arrival time. I told you my departure time is 23:30. That should be enough. Please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it|Your car will be a white Ford, and their contact number is 07378026406. Need anything else?
I am also looking for an attraction.|What kind of attraction are you looking for, and in what area?
I would like to find a cinema.|The Vue Cinema meets your requirements.
Thank you that is all for now.|Okay, goodbye. It was a pleasure assisting you.
I'm interested in finding an expensive guesthouse to stay at during my visit to Cambridge|I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Should we try a different price range?
Can you search for hotels instead of a guesthouse?|I have expensive hotels in the east, centre, and south areas of town. Do you have a preference?
The east would be great.|There is one in the east. It is express by holiday inn cambridge. Do you need a booking?
Does the Holiday Inn Cambridge have free parking? I forgot to tell you I need that.|Yes, it has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, what is the phone number for the hotel?|It is 01223866800.  May I help with anything else?
Yes, can you please tell me how many stars it has?|It is a 2 star hotel. Would you like me to make those reservations?
It has 2 stars. Is there anything else I can do for you?|Great, thank you and goodbye!
We are interested in attractions in the center of the city.|little saint maryschurch  01223366202
Ok, that sounds interesting.  Can you give me the street address?|How about the vue cinema at the grafton centre, east road?
Oh, I like that one. Thank you! Okay, I also need information about a hotel called Kirkwood House.|The Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the North side.  It has a 4 star rating and the price is moderate.  It has internet and parking.
Great, thank you for all your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please book me a taxi so I can travel between my hotel and the Cinema|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by 3:30.|I need to know the name of the cinema you're going to, before I can complete the booking. Did you need assistance with finding a particular cinema?
why don't you suggest one and give me the address please, that's why I contacted you to help me|The Vue Cinema in the centre is great. Their address is The Grafton Centre, East Road.
I actually need a taxi from little saint marys church to the Kirkwood House.  I'll need to leave the church by 3:30.|A blue honda will pick you up at little saint mary's church at 03:30 and take you to kirkwood house. You can reach the driver at 07663499793
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge.|I have 18 results that match your request. To help narrow it down, what part of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price range preference?
The hotel also needs to be cheap and have free wifi.|There are 7 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have an area preference?
Do any of these 7 have free wifi?|They all have free wifi.
Any of them will do.  I'll book a room in whichever one you think is best.|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the center of town, would you like help with the booking?
That would be great.  Two nights please.|What day would you be arriving on and for how many people?
Let's try 5 nights, starting Friday, with 2 people.|I have confirmed your reservation at alexander bed and breakfast starting Friday for 5 nights. Your reference number is K67RS8EB. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for something to do during my stay. I'd like it to be around the centre area.|I have many choices: theater, colleges, museums, architecture. Do any of these venues interest you?
Are there any colleges in the centre of town that have free admission?|Yes certainly. We have several. Christ College is a good choice.
That would be fine. Can you confirm the entrance fee?|Christ's College offers free admission.
Fantastic.  I have all of the information I needed, thank you.  Have a great day.|Glad to have been able to assist you. Thank you and have a great day.
Yes I am looking to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|Okay.  There are 18 guesthouses that match your request.  Is there a particular area you are interested in?
I am looking for one with free parking and moderate in price|The Archway house matches all of your preferences. Would you like me to create a booking?
Yes, that would be great. I would like my check-in to be on Saturday. I will be staying for 2 nights and there will be a total of 5 people.|The Archway House is in the north area of town. Does that work for you?
Yes, and I would also like you to include the reference number for the booking.|i have that booked for you and here is your Reference number is : EZ2LETN6
Great! I'm also looking for a place called the Fez Club. What kind of attraction is that?|The Fez Club is a nightclub in Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I get the phone number for The Fez? I'll also need a taxi.|The number to the Fez Club is 01223519224.  When will you need the taxi?
I want to leave Fez by 17:45|Sure, I booked a Blue Ford that will pick you up at the Fez Club at 17:45.  Contact Number 07305507614. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|My pleasure. Have a good day.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.|We have lots of those!  Is there a particular type of food you'd like?
not really but i need it for 3 people|I recommend La Raza - fantastic (and cheap!) Spanish cuisine. I'd be happy to book a table for you, if you like.
Yes for 3 at 14:45 wednesday, can I get the reference number too please|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IBTN1DDC.
Thanks. I also need a cheap place to stay in the center.|That gives you two options. Both are guesthouses. Both offer free parking and free wifi. The Alexander B&B is 4 star rated. The El Shaddai has a 0 rating.
What is the price of the Alexander?|It is a cheap place.
ok, i need to book it for the same day.|Okay for how many nights and how many people?
3 nights, 3 people, please.|You are all booked for the alexander bed and breakfast! Your reference number is 66XCD1XW. Is there anything else you need?
I would like a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I would like to arrive by 14:45. I would like the contact number and car type.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The car type is blue Lexus. The contact number is 07881581074.
Okay thank you,that's all I need for now.|Thank you for using our service today.
Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day.
You have a wonderful day as well and again, thank you!|You're very welcome! Bye!
I am looking for a place to stay that is named aylesbray lodge guest house. Could you give me some information about it?|Alyesbray Lodge Guest house is in the south. It is in the moderate price range and has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. We're a group of six and we'd like to stay for two nights. We want to check in on Tuesday.|Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2V9TM90Z.
Thank you, can you give me information on museums in the east side?|Cambridge museum of technology	is a museum on the east side of town.
That sounds interesting! Can you give me their address and postcode, please? And how much is it to get in there?|It's 5 pounds for the entrance fee. Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, and phone number is 	01223368650
Thank you. I need a taxi to leave my hotel at 16:15 to go to the museum please.|I'd love to help! When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I'd like to leave by 16:15, please.|You're all set! I've booked your taxi, so keep an eye out for a red volkswagen at 16:15. Your contact number is 07554925977. Anything else for today?
Sorry, could I please get the postcode for the museum?|Sure. The postcode of the museum is cb58ld. Anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay at the Alyesbray Lodge guest house and your visit to the Cambridge Museum of Technology!
I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?|When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.|Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45.  Do you have something on that day?|TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.|I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference on location.|Want me to book gonville hotel?
That would be great, thanks.  We'll have 7 people staying 5 nights starting from Sunday.|Done! Your reference number is GRWG727T. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome. The Cambridge TownInfo centre is always here for you. Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a expensive place to dine in the centre of Cambridge|We have quite a few expensive restaurants...what type of foods are you interested in?
I am not particular about the type of food. I need it in Centre though.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre.  Are you sure we can't narrow it down by type of food?
Yes, just give me a name. I'd also like to know what type of food it serves. Once I know all that I need the postcode.|How about Midsummer house restaurant? It is british food and the postcode is cb41ha.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in town?|The ashley hotel is in the north and has a moderate price range.
Does it include free wifi?  What is the star rating?|The Ashley has 2 star and offers both free wifi and free parking.
Do you have any 4 star, moderately priced hotels in that area?|No, there are no 4 star hotels in the north in that price range. Would you like to change the pricerange or area?
How about one with the same features but in the expensive price range?|The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the north with free internet and parking. Does that work for you?
Yes, I also need postcode, the area of the hotel and leave the restaurant by 20:15. I need a taxi to commute between both, the contact number and car type.|Let's start with the Acorn Guest House information. The postcode for that is cb41da and the hotel is located in the north.
Okay thank you. Now about that taxi?|Ok, for the taxi. Do you need one going from the Acorn to the Midsummer House or from the Midsummer House to the Acorn Guest House?
From the Acorn to the Midsummer House.|Okay, I've got a red Tesla for you with contact number 07378062767 leaving at 20:15.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!|You're very welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I need some more specifics to help you.  What type of information do you need?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. I would like it to be expensive and include free wifi.|I was unable to find any matching places for that.
What about one in the moderate price range?|Yes I have 8 guesthouses available in the moderate price range.  Will you require free parking and wifi?
Yes I do need the free wifi.|Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, that would be good. Can you just let me know the star rating of the hotel, whether they have free parking, and address? Thanks|Sure! the acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel with free parking and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I also need to find a train for Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and leaving after 15:15.|TR8365 leaves norwich at 16:16 and will arrive in cambridge at 17:35. Would you like me to book you tickets for that train?
No need to book the tickets I just needed the info. Thats all I needed thanks|Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking|You can try alexander bed and breakfast
Is it in the east?|No. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house are guesthouses in the east in the cheap price range. All have 4 stars.
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZC6VCAWB.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
I'm looking a train that is leaving on Thursday but will arrive by 09:30 to Cambridge.|Okay, and where are you leaving from?
i will depart from birmingham new street|TR3736 arrives in Cambridge at 09:23.
That would be great. Please book tickets for 7 people. I'll also need a reference number, if possible.|Okay I booked it for you and your reference number is 0LYL0J3V.
Thank you. I will also need a place to stay in the north. I'd like something that includes free parking.|Okay and what is your price range?
It doesn't really matter as long as the parking is free. I don't even need internet.|when is your stay?
Let's go with Thursday.|Ok great. I highly suggest the Acorn Guest House. Would you like for me to book a room?
yeah book it for the same group of people please|Booking for 1 night at acorn guest house was successful. Reference number VO8YM3X4. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888, postcode cb41da. Will you need anything else?
No that is all I need help with at the moment, thank you.|Have a wonderful time.
I'm sorry, but I actually needed the hotel for 4 nights, can you adjust that for me?|Yes, I can.
how about 1 nights.|Yes, that should be fine. Please adjust it for me.
I'm sorry, I got confused there for a moment - were you unable to book me for 4 nights?|No, you're successfully booked for 4 nights at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is 0PP63274. Can I help with anything else today?
That would bee all thank you|Just to clarify. You have been successfully booked at the Acorn Guest House. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free wifi?|I have 23 guesthouses that would meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area, stars, or price range?
Sure. I need something in the North, and I'd like a 4 star establishment.|acorn guest house is a great place
That would be great. Can I have the postcode, phone number, and if they have free parking?|They do have parking available.  I'm sure you'll love it.  They're at 154 chesterton road, cb41da and their phone number is 01223353888. Want to book a room?
No thank you. I'm looking for a train that is departing from Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge.|What day are you wanting to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on thursday|There are many leaving that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave on thursday and should leave after 20:00.|Great. I have a train that leaves at 20:40. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you, I just need the arrival and travel time.|The TR5106 arrives in Cambridge at 23:23.  The travel time is 163 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I needed!  Thank you so much.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please.|I have 5 different ones all around town. Did you prefer to stay in a certain area?
Yes, on the east side please.|The express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your needs, would you like to book it?
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does.
I'm not ready to book.  Can you just tell me what the address is?  Oh, and how many stars is it?|Sure.  It's a two star hotel and the address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park.  Anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.|You're welcome! Please contact us if you would like to make a reservation in the future.
Hello. I'm looking for a place to dine tonight. I wouldn't like anything expensive, and I'd prefer something in the city center.|Great, I've found 15 different restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is Would you like a chinese Restaurant?
Yes, a Chinese restaurant would be great. Could you please give me the telephone number?|The telephone number to a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre is 01223361763.
Is there anything else I can help you with?|Would you like me to book something for you?
No thank you. I will call them myself.|Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I would like to find a cheap place to stay that has 4 stars and has free parking.|I have found 8 places that match what you want, would you like me to book one of them for you?
No thanks, but I do need the phone number of one of those hotels, please. Oh, and can you tell me if they have free wifi?|Allenbell has free WiFi, and their phone number is 01223210353
Thank you, now all I need is transportation from the restaurant to the staying place. I would like to leave at 24:15.|I have booked White Skoda taxi service to take you from the Chinese restaurant to the hotel.  Their contact number is 07692230366.
Thank you.  Can you verify what type of vehicle will be transporting us?|Yes, it will be a White Skoda.
Thank you for your help today, it is greatly appreciated.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thats it. Thanks. Good day to you. Bye.|Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.|I have 8 options for you. What area are you looking for?
What places are in the south?|There is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south that has free parking and internet, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for one person for 4 nights starting Friday please.|I booked you a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 nights starting Friday. Your reference is V0HUXEUZ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will do.|Well, thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I would like to book a hotel in Cambridge. Is there any availability at the Autumn House?|When would you like to visit autumn house?
Yes. Book it for 6 people and 4 nights from thursday.|I have your party of 6 booked at Autumn House for 4 nights starting Thursday, your reference number is 4ZZ358JU. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I would like to leave Thursday.|No problem. Where are you leaving from?
Ely. Oh and I'll need to arrive by 9.|I have the TR7745 leaving ely at 7:35 and arriving at 7:52. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, for the same group of 6.|Your train has been booked. Your reference number is RSOJO37T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't believe so. I think that does it. Have a great night. Bye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I would like you to help me find a train departure. The train should leave on thursday and arrive at cambridge.|Where will you be leaving from?
From Bishops Stortford after 15:00|Alright, would you like me to make a booking for you?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time|I'm sorry, there are no trains that day.  Would you like to try another day?
I think you should try again. Cambridge to Bishop Stafford on Thursday.|I have 5 trains.  They depart 15:29, 17:29, 19:29, 21:29, 23:29. They are all 38 mins travel duration.
PLease give me the info for a train meeting the above listed criteria.|Train# TR7759 departing from Cambridge at 15:29 arrives in Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|There are about 8 choices. Did you want a certain area or price range?
area and price are of no concern to me as long as the guesthouse has free parking and free wifi|Ok! I suggest the Archway House. Would you like a room book?
Sure, thanks, for 6 people, for 2 nights, starting Thursday, please!|We have you set at Archway house. Reference number is P1FFCU2Z
Ok thank you for your help.|Can I look up anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the expensive price range.|There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on what area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I just need to have free parking.|I have five hotels that all fit that criteria. Anything else you're looking for in a hotel or should I just book one of those for you?
I don't need it booked. Can I get the phone number and address of an expensive hotel with free wifi and parking? You choose.|The phone number for Gonville is 01223366611, and the address is gonville place
I also need a train departing from Stevenage leaving after 08:45|What is your destination?
Cambridge on Friday.|The first train available leaves at 09:54 and arrives at 10:43. Will that work?
I think so, but can you confirm the price first?  Thank you.|The price is 12.80 pounds.
Is there any earlier arrival times?|There is also a train that leaves at 07:54, would you like that one?
Could you please give me the arrival time and confirm that the price is still 12.80|Yes, the price is still 12.80. It arrives at 8:43.
OK, thank you.  That is everything that I need.|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called worth house.|It is a cheap guesthouse in the north of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please.  I need three nights for one person starting this Friday.  And can I get a reference number?|I've successfully booked your room for Friday, 1 person, staying 3 days. Your reference number is: F2X024Q6
Thank you so much for your help today.|Thank you goodbye
Hello. I need a place to stay in Cambridge, in the centre that is 4 stars.|Would the university arms hotel work for you?  They're located on Regent St, downtown.
As long as it has wifi.Can you book it for me ?|It does have free wi-fi.  I would be happy to book it for you.  When will you check in, how many nights and how many guests?
I would like to check in on Monday and stay till Thursday.  Just me and my wife.|Will you be leaving on Thursday or will you be staying at the hotel Thursday evening?
I will be leaving on Thursday. Can you book and give me the reference number?|I was unable to book, do you want to add a day?
Are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 4 stars, free wifi with availability for 2 people for three nights starting on monday?|I apologize. I was able to book the University Arms Hotel starting on Monday for 3 nights for you and your wife. The reference number is A4FZE39M.
Thanks!  I'd also like a vietnamese restaurant.  A cheap one, though.|The Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant in the West, and it is located in 17 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af.
May I have their phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223362456. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all the information I need for now.  Thank you very much, have a nice evening.  Good bye.|Thank you. Good bye.
Hello, I am looking for a guest house.|Great, I can help you, let me just get some more information. Is there a specific location or price range you'd like to stay within?
I need one in Cambridge and I would like a 4 star rating.|There are 18 options, do you have any other preferences such as area or price range?
I need a place with free parking.|We have 16 options available that may suit your needs.  Can you tell me what price range you are interested in?
I have no particular preference on price range.|What area would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. I just need the price range, address, and postcode. You pick the type.|Ok alexander bed and breakfast it is a guest house located in centre and is cheap with 4 stars. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. post code cb12de
Thanks. Could you tell me what kind of food the Peking Restaurant serves?|The Peking Restaurant serves expensive Chinese food.
Thank you for your help.  That's all I need for now!|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Thank you, goodnight.|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge. I was hoping to find the attraction called magdalene college.|Magdalene College is located in the west part of Cambridge. What information would you like about the college?
I'd like the postcode and address, please.|Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street with a postcode of CB30AG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find the Ashley Hotel, please.|The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel on the north side of town. Would you like assistance booking a room there?
Yes. I'd like to book a room on Friday for 2 nights for 7 people.|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day, or a different length of stay?
How about just for 1 night? Can I also get a reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is ZR1YUZB1.
Thank you. I also need a taxi from the college to the hotel, please.|I would be happy to book a taxi for you, what time would you like to leave the college by?
I'd like to leave the college by 7:00.|Your booking with a white ford has been completed. The contact number is 07979324338 and you will leave at 7:00.
Thank you that is all, good bye.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Excellent! What can I help you with?
I want to get a train to cambridge from leicester.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by 15:45 and leave on friday.|There is TR4625 that will depart from leicester and arrive at 14:54.  The cost of the ticket is 37.80 pounds.
Sounds great. i will need a booking for 2 people.|I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR4625 leaving Leicester at 13:09 and arriving in Cambridge at 14:54 total fee is 75.59 GBP referenece TGE8CAOR.
Great! Thank you! I will also need a hotel in the east. It must have free parking.|express by holiday inn cambridge is in the east and has an expensive price range
Okay can you book it for me for 3 nights from Friday for 2 people?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MTML5ASG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't think so. Not today. Thanks for the help! Goodbye.|Great. I hope you have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.  Do you have anything available?|How about the Acorn Guest House in the north side of town?
That sounds great!|Would you like me to book a room for you?
I will need the reference number please.|Absolutely! When would you like to visit?
Friday. There will be 5 people in my party, and I'll need a reservation for 5 nights.|Perfect, I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is 2FD2JYN8.
That is all  I needed, thank you.|Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly. What can I help you with today?
I'm looking for places to stay that has 3 stars|We have several options. Any specific area?
I don't really care where.  But, it does need free parking.  I'm thinking I may need free wifi also.  Is there anything?|I have five options available. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Do you have any recommendations?|I recommend the lensfield hotel located on the south side of town at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anymore information?
Great can you give me the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223355017.
thank you that will be all|Thank you for using our services. Please feel free to call on us again if we can be of help planning your trip to Cambridge.
May I please have information about a train to Stevenage, leaving on Tuesday?|Certainly. Is Cambridge your departure point?
Yes, please.|Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Any that leave after 08:00 would be fine. I'll need a booking for 5 people, please.|You are booked for the TR4546 train. Your reference number is NALGEDH3 and 64 GPB will be due at the station. Is there anything else?
I would also like a moderately priced place to stay.|Is there a certain area that you perfer? Maybe free parking or wifi?
free wifi and 4 stars please|I have the guesthouse called Avalon available.  It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.  It's in the north.  Would you like me to book this?
Sounds great. I'd like to make a reservation for Saturday.|I would be happy to book this for you. Will you be booking for 5 people?
Yes for 5 people and 3 nights.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 5KPWKTTX. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
I'm visiting Cambridge as a tourist!  I'm looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking!|I've got 5 expensive hotels with free parking. Do you care what part of the city you stay in? If not, I'd recommend University Arms Hotel.
The only other preferences I have are that the hotel is a guesthouse with free wifi.|There are no guestrooms that meet your requirements.  Would you be interested in a hotel room?
Is there a hotel in a more moderate price range with fee wifi?|I found Arbury Lodge Guesthouse that I think will fit your needs. It is moderately priced, four stars and includes parking and internet!
What area is the Arbury Lodge in?|The Arbury Lodge guesthouse is located in the northern part of town.
OK, I'll look into that one. Can you also tell me about the museums in town?|We have 23 museums, I'd recommend Byard Art if you are interested in art.
Is there an entrance fee for Byard Art?|No, no fee to get into byard art. Can I help with anything else?
That's all. Thank you! Bye!|Okay, glad I could be of help.
I need to get a train ticket for friday please.|Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave after 13:15.|Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.|Reference number is : IVX6L3KV. Can I help with anything else?
I would like an inexpensive hotel on the west side of town.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel on the west side and is inexpensive.  Their phone number is 01954714600.
Okay, how about Mexican food in the south? I'll be needing a table for 4 this Friday.|Chiquito restaurant and bar is in the south area, what time would you like me to book your 4 people for?
yes four people for Friday at 17:30|The table has been booked. Your reference number is PQPB99PP. Can I help you with anything else?
What can you tell me about Finches Bed and Breakfast? What area are they in?|finches bed and breakfast Is in the west, it is cheap, 4 star guesthouse, free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
Can I get their postcode please?|Postal is cb30nd, and if you need to call them they can be reached at 01223276653, any thing else that I can assist with?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.|i booked your taxi. it will be a blue lexus coming. their phone number is 07566783718.
That's great. Everything is set. Thank you for helping me. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|great, i have 9 options for you.
I really prefer to stay in the west part of town. Do you happen to have anything in that area?|How about Finches Bed and Breakfast at 144 Thornton Road?
Great. I need it for 7 for 5 nights.|Before I can book it I need to know what day you will be staying?
I will be starting  from Tuesday.|All set. Your reference number is ATMXXNQI.
I also need a train for Tuesday that leaves London Liverpool Street and arrives in Cambridge by 16:15.|I have train TR2715 that leaves at 7:39 and arrives at 9:07.
Do you have a train less early? One that arrives around 16:15?|TR1395 arrives at 15:07.
Thank you for your help.|Would you like us to book a ticket for you?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!|Would you like me to book anything else or provide anymore info?
No that is all, thank you!|Alright, have a lovely day!
great day and thanks for helping|Thanks! You're welcome, have a great day!
i need a plcae to stay with free parking no interned is needed|Do you have a price range or a location in mind?
Yes, It needs to be in the east and be a cheap hotel.|The only places that meet your requirements are guesthouses.  Is that alright?
That is okay with me. What is one of them?|They are all cheap, located on the east, and get 4 stars. Allenball is located at 517a Coldham Lane. Would you like more information?
Does it have free wifi?|The Allenbell actually does have internet. Are you interested in booking a room?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Okay, your books was successful and your reference number is E1WOL6YH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you find a restaurant called riverside brasserie for me, please?|got it right here they serve modern european food would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, 11:15 7 people on Saturday.|your all set conf # is LXVWB431, anything else for you today?
That will be all thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
Actually, I do need a taxi, please. I need to get from the hotel to the restaurant for that reservation.|Your taxi is book. The car is a black Tesla and the contact number is 07856554811. Do you assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|We hope you enjoy your time in the city. Bye.
So I'm planning a trip and I need some information about where to stay in the North. I prefer hotels with free parking|sure, i have 11 options for you
north 2 star  and should include free wifi|Can I recommend the Lovell Lodge and make you a reservation?
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8FI2LR0P.
Thank you. I would also like to find a Chinese restaurant in the same area. Can you let me know what is available?|You have your choice of Hakka or The Hotpot, in luxury options, or the moderately priced Golden Wok.
The Hakka sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people on friday?|What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like it at 18:45.|I was able to book the table for you per your request.  Your  reference number is : 1WEOP8WM. Is there anything else you need help with?
I also need a cab to get me to and from both places. I need the contact # and car type|Will you be going from the Lodge to the restaurant? And what time do you want to leave or arrive?
To the restaurant, I would like to arrive before the reservation time of 18:45.|OK, look for a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07361322317. Can I help with anything else today?
That'll be everything thanks!|Alright, have a lovely day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a hotel.|Do you have a particular one in mind or any preference for where you stay or what amenities are offered?
I am looking for a hotel called the A and B Guest House.|Yes, that's a guesthouse in the east of town. Is there some particular information you'd like about it, or I could help you book a room?
I would like to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like for me to find another hotel?
Hmm, how about a different hotel in the same price range?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6JGB7U7H. The Acorn Guest house. Need any thing else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today|Okay great. I am glad I could help.
Thank you for all the help.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?|what is the name of the restaurant?
The name of the restaurant is City Stop Restaurant. Can you book a table for me?|I'd be happy to. Can you tell me what day for the reservation?
Thursday please, for 3 people at 15:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AWV50VGM.
Great I also need to find a place to stay with a star rating of 5 and includes free wifi.|There are no  stars but there are several stars. would you like a room in one of them?
I don't understand. I'm looking for a 5-star hotel. In the moderate price range, preferably.|There is no 5 star hotels in the area. There are 17 4-star hotels, though. Want to book one of them?
Yes that will be fine.|May I recommend the very popular 4 star Kirkwood House located in the north part of town with free wifi and parking?
Sorry, I'm looking for a 5 star hotel.|I'm sorry, but there really are no 5-star hotels in any part of town. How would you like to proceed?
Can you check for 4 stars instead please?|There are several with four starts. I would recommend the acorn guest house.
Thanks very much! What is their postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353888 and their postcode is cb41da.
Did they have free parking?|yes they have free parking
Okay, that's great to know. Thanks! I won't be needing anything else today.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi. I need a train out of cambridge.|There are several trains out of Cambridge but i need to know your destination and preferred day and time of departure.
My destination is birmingham new street and I need to leave after 9:00.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Thursday.|I have a train leaving at 9:01 on thursday. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZYKE5A4L. Do you need anything else?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|All right, and how can I help with that?
I'd like to come by those high speed trains from Leicester|What day will you be traveling?
My travel day is Saturday. I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 20:30.|The TR8070 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
No, not right now. What is the travel time, please?|starts from 05:09
Ok book for 1 please|The cost of your ticket will be 30.24 pounds
I also need a hotel in the west and should be in the moderate price range.|How many stars would you like?
The hotel should have a star of 3|hobsons house meets your requirements. Would you like to book?
Yes, for 2 people for 3 nights.|When would you like to arrive?
On Saturday please|Booking was successful.Reference number is : UAKXT244.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Awesome, thanks so much for your help! That is all I needed, have a good day.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a nice day!
Could you help me with some information please?  I am looking for a place to stay.|Of course, do you have a price range in mind?
no. it should free packing and located in the west|We have many great hotels.  Do you have a preference of star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter, thanks|If thats the case here is a nice hopital Addenbrookes Hospital
uhm, i definitely don't want to sleep in a hospital.|Sorry about that! how about a and be guest house?
Okay. Also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves European food.|Sure thing what price range are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|The Cambridge Lodge restaurant is in the west. The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else to help you?
Yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at 14:00|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 7LDNJZEE. anything else?
Great. I also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Picked up at the hotel and sent to the restaurant by the booking time please.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a grey Tesla. Please call 07177768413 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Glad to have helped!
I would like some information on an attraction called Clare Hall.   If you could provide address and cost of admission that would be great.|The Cost of Clare Hall is free, so you don't need to worry about that. The address is herschel road. Any more questions?
Could I get the phone number, postcode, and the area that The Cost of Clare Hall is located in, please?|The phone number is 01223332360, postcode is cb39al, and the area is west
Okay great. I'd also like to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating.|I've found 18 possible matches based on your preferences. Would you like to add additional preferences for your hotel?
I need a hotel that's cheap with free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is cheap with free parking and internet. It is in town centre. Does this suit your needs?
That would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from Monday?|I apologize but could you book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Four nights would work.|All right, your room is reserved at the Alexander for four nights. Your reference number is GI3N4VIV.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.|Great!  Glad we could help!
I'm looking for a pleasant guesthouse to stay in. Would you be able to help me find one?|Sure! What area would you like to stay?
I would like to stay in the north. I would also like the guesthouse to have free parking and wifi.|How about the acorn guesthouse?
It has free parking and wifi?  Sounds great.|How many nights would you like to book it for?
Just get me their phone number.|The phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks. I could also use some help finding out about a train going into Cambridge.|I will need departure city, time of arrival or departure and day of travel please.
Day of travel is Tuesday and departure city is Ely and to arrive by 12:45|I have train TR3412 that arrives at 11:52 in Cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you give me the departure time and price, please?|It departs at 11:35, and costs 4.40 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That was all I needed.  Thanks!|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Thank you! Goodbye.
I need a train leaving from broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Tuesday from Broxbourne to Cambridge after 19:15.|I would recommend TR6788 which leaves Broxbourne at 19:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:32.
Can you book it for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : X1XG5K91.
Can you also recommend a three star hotel that has free wifi?|There are two. The Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield. Both also have free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.|Your booking at The Gonville coming in on Tuesday for 4 days 3 nights is confirmed for a party of 2.  Your reference number is : 5GCUETMP. Anything else today?
No. That's it. Thank you for your help.|I am happy to help! Goodbye, I hope your trip is lovely!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the moderate price range|I have 4 results for a moderate 3 star guesthouse, what area are you looking to stay in?
I'm not too particular about which particular area I say in, but I do need free parking.|The Hamilton Lodge is a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, it has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address, please.|The address is 156 chesterton road.
That's all I need, thank you!!|welcome next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel that is cheap. It doesn't need to have free parking.|I have found 10 hotels that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other criteria you have so we can narrow down your choices some more?
Yes, the hotel need to have free wifi.|All 10 of the places to stay have free wifi. Do you have a preference of a hotel or guest house? Or possibly a price or a number of stars?
No, I just need one of them that is cheap with wifi.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast?
Yea that sounds good. Can I book for 5 people and 4 nights starting Friday|I'm sorry, that booking wasn't successful. Perhaps try another day or maybe shorten your stay?
Can we try for 2 nights?|Yes, that worked. I've got you booked with reference number GR86A29T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to go in the city centre.|we've got plenty  of attractions in the centre of town, can you narrow down your interests please?
I need to take a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport I need to arrive by 14:45|What day do you want to travel?
I need to go on Thursday, please.|TR0521 will depart at 13:40 and arrive at 14:08. The 28 minute trip will cost 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please and provide me with the reference number as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is TDPEQ21Q. Do you need anything else?
I need place to stay with free wifi.|What area are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter.  I like 4 star guesthouses though.|I have quite a few that fit your description. What price range are you looking for?
I'd prefer something in the moderate price range.|I recommend the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse in the north. It meets your specifications. Would you like help in booking it?
That sounds good. Can I get that for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  YCL4D5P6.
Thank you! That is all that I need!|If that is all, then thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|We are happy to help you with some information for our city. What specifically can I assist you with today?
I need a place to stay in the west|I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me if there is an area of town you prefer?
In the west. A cheap hotel with free parking.|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel with free wifi and parking. The phone is 01954714600. Can I help with a booking?
Just the postal code please?|The postal code for that hotel is cb236bw.
Thanks!  I also need help finding a train.|Where are you traveling to and from and on what day and at what time?
I'm leaving from Norwich. I'll need to arrive at Cambridge on Monday by 08:15.|I found the TR9020 leaving at 05:16. How many tickets would you like to book?
grab me 8 tickets please and I need the conf # too|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DK26RL4O. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, thats all I need today|you are most welcome
have a good day.|Please feel free to reach out to us if you have additional requests. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Looking for a place to stay, can you help me pick?|I can we have 33 locations, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I want a guesthouse that has free parking.|I could recommend the Acorn Guest House.  It is in the North area and has a moderate price range.
Could you please book it for 6 people staying 5 nights from Friday?|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1PCQYQ0P
Excellent.  I'm also looking for a place to visit.  Can you tell me if there are any colleges in the centre area?|I'd recommend christ's college on saint andrews street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all?
Thanks that was all I needed.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves international food.|We have two options available to you, would you like their names and addresses?
Yes and looking for moderate price range.|The Varsity Restaurant is located at 35 Sain Andrews Street in the centre, and Bloomsbury Restaurant is located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel at 20 Downing Street.
Can you book me a table for 1 person for Tuesday at 17:15 please?|Could not book. Do you want to try another time slot?
Can I book a table for one hour earlier instead?|I got you a table at the varsity at 16:15. Reference number is Z8WGAYFN.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel doesn't need to have free parking.|I have 4 guest houses and 2 hotels. Do you have any other criteria?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.|The gonville hotel has wifi, it's in the centre. Does that sound good?
As long as it has a 3 star rating, please book the Gonville Hotel for me.|What day would you like to start your stay at Gonville? And how many days are you wanting to stay?
I need it for Tuesday for 5 nights for 1 person.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to arrange a stay at a different time?
Can you check to see if that hotel can be booked for 1 night instead?|The one night reservation was successful. Your reference number is AAWVSXC4
Thank you. That's all I need.|You're welcome. I am glad I could assist you.
You definitely did, thanks so much!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi, I'm visiting the area and would like to find some local tourist attractions to the east of here.|Do you have any preferences?  We have museums, parks, pools, and a sports centre.
Yes, could you please give me some information on parks, pools, and the sports centre?     I just need the address and cost of admission please.|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch at pool way, whitehill road with unknown entrance fee. The cherry hinton water play at cherry hinton hall, free entrance.
Could I have the postcode for the cherry hinton water play, please?|Sure, the postcode for cherry hinton water play is cb18dw. Do you need any more information?
I also need a place to stay in the expensive price range. It needs free parking, wifi and a 4 star rating.|There is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the University Arms Hotel in the Centre. Would you like to book either of these?
Let's go with the one in the Centre. I need 5 nights starting Friday for 2 people.|Okay, great!  You are booked at the University Arms Hotel for five nights, starting Friday.  Your reference number is: MVKDGLQD.  Do you need the address or phone number?
Nope, I'm all set today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I meed a moderately priced place to stay.|I have found a list of hotels with a moderate price range, what area, type, star of the hotel would you like?
I would like to stay in the east. It should have a 4 stars and I would also like free wifi please.|There are 3 guesthouses that meet those requirements I recommend warkworth house. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! 5 of us will be staying for 3 nights, and we're arriving on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FGTT1OBZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train.|I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like to travel and where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Bishops Stortford the same day I arrive at the hotel. I need to arrive close to 19:30.|I have a train that arrives in cambridge by 18:07. It would be helpful to know your destination so I can serve you better.
The train should leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge and arrive by 19:30.|thank you i think you should prepare before departure thank you
I was hoping to book lodging in the Cambridge Belfry.|What a great choice! They are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. To get your booking done, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
Yes, beginning on Monday, for 5 people and four nights. Thanks!|Alright! I have your stay booked. The reference number is: SR4S164V. Anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a train going to Stevenage the train needs to arrive by 13:30|What day are you going? How many tickets would you like?
Friday, going to cambridge. 5 tickets, please.|train TR3043 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would do. Can you also tell me the travel time?|Travel time is 49 minutes.  You have a booking for 5 on TR3043. Total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station. Ref# 9PACW4O.  Anything else you need?
No. That's all I need for now. Thanks.|Thank you! Have a great day and good bye!
I need to find a 4 star hotel in the north|I found several guesthouses.  There are many in the moderate price range, and one in the cheap range.  Do you have a preference?
A moderate price range is fine and I need it to have free parking as well.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It's moderately priced and has free parking.
Yes please book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting monday for me.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is  DXD1MDA6.
I'm also interested in finding a good Chinese food place near the hotel. Can you help me find one?|There are three choices.  Hakka and the hotpot which is expensive and golden wok which is moderate, do you have a preference?
I'll take Hakka. Can you book me a table on Monday at 15:00 for 4 people?|I've reserved your table at Hakka on Monday, 15:00, for 4 people. Your reference number is K6D87RRX. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant and back to the hotel.|You are booked to arrive at the restaurant by three, look for a blue ford, the driver can be contacted by phone at 07232608741
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, have a great day!
Hi! I'm looking for a guesthouse.|We have 24, do you care about price or part of town?
I want it to be located in the centre.|Great! I have two guesthouses in the Centre area; Alexander Bed and Breakfast with 4 stars and El Shaddai with 0. Would you like more information on either one?
Can I get more info on the Alexander bed and breakfast please?|The alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse. It is located in the centre of town and is cheap priced with 4 stars. Would you like reservations?
Yes please.  I need it for 4 nights starting Sunday.  Just for me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZPDWV18R. anything else?
Can you find a museum that is close to my hotel? I would like to know the entry fee, address and phone number. Thank you.|The museum Primavera is very popular. Would you like to know more?
Yes, what is the museum address and phone number? I am also curious about the entrance fee, please.|The phone number is 01223357708. Its address is 10 king s parade. It is free to visit. Anything further you need help with today?
That's everything, actually! Thanks a ton! Bye!|I hope you have a wonderful time at the museum.
I need a hotel on the north side with free parking.|Okay, there are 11 places to stay that might work. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I'd prefer a moderate price guesthouse.|That leaves us with about 7 options. Can I suggest the Acorn Guest  House? It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
That sounds fine. Would you make a reservation for 4 people, 3 nights starting Monday?|Your booking was successful and reference number is 3ZYK9LO1. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No, that about covers it. Thanks for your help today.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.|Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by 13:00.|Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference.|The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at 12:01. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time?|Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?
Hi! I'd like a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking, please.|Were you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
I'm trying to stay on the east, if possible.|I have 5 of them in the east. Three of them are cheap and two are moderate priced. Did you have a preference?
The price doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|I would recommend the allenbell.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does have free wifi.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Not yet. What is their phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223210353.
Great and what is their post code?|postcode, is cb13js, address is 517a coldham lane, internet and parking is included and price is cheap.  Can I help with anything else?
Would you also find me a hotel in the same area?|In the east, I have 6 different guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a preference?
No, that's OK.  The Allenbell is great.  What i need is information on boat attraction in the same pay off town.|Do you want me to book that hotel for you?
I'd just like the phone number and postcode for now. Thank you.|The phone number and post code are: 01223210353 and cb13js.  Camboats is a boating attraction in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes I will need a taxi to get me to the attraction by 08:15.|Will you be getting picked up from allenbell?
No I want to leave Camboats at 08:15 and go to the hotel.|A red audi will pick you up and the contact number is 07026466566. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse.|Of course, in which area of town will you be staying?
I want it in the west, and it should be moderately priced.|There are 3 in the south all of them have free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book one for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Wednesday. I will need the reference number also.|You're booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref# BWMDVCV1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
i'm looking for university arms hotel|University Arms Hotel is an expensive 4-star hotel in the Centre of town on Regent Street. The hotel has internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I need 3 nights for 1 person starting from Saturday and the reference number.|I've got it booked!  Here's your reference number: 8QBUV7UM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go on the west side of town.  Can you suggest some places?|Do you have any preferences in the type of activity? Museums? Entertainment? Colleges?
A museum would be fine. I'll just need to know the entrance fee.|lynne strover gallery which is my favourite has free entrance.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places|Sure, which direction will you need to travel and when?
From the hotel to the museum, leaving by 22:00.|Ok.  I was able to book a yellow bmw for you.  The contact number is 07465102447.
Thanks for all of your help!|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service today. Hope you have a good day.
I'd like something fun to do while I'm in Cambridge.|There are many different attractions in town.  Did you have a certain type of activity in mind?
I'm looking for some entertainment in the south part of town.|You have a choice of Nusha or Tenpin.
get me their post code and phone number.|Okay, Nusha's post code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin's postcode is cb17dy and phone number is 	08715501010.
Thanks. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay for the night?|sure, i have 10 options for you!
I need it to be in the west and I would prefer a hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is located in the West is cheap, and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does it have free parking ?|Yes it does! Do you want me to book now?
Can you just tell me the address please?|It's located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Please! Can you help me book a taxi to Nusha? I'd like to leave the hotel by 14:30 to make sure I get to Nusha too early to enjoy myself.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white lexus
Contact number	:	07607123789
Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a great trip.
thanks and great day|you too have a great day
I am looking for a place to stay.|We have 33 options, any preference in options such as area or price?
I would like to stay in the east and I am looking for a 4 star rating.|What type of pricing would you like?
I want a cheap guesthouse.|There are 3 that fit the bill. Can I recommend Leverton House? 4 stars, cheap, in the east, and they offer complimentary parking and Internet.
That'll work. Please book me a room for one, checking in Monday for 2 nights|I can book you a room at the Allenbell.  How many people will be staying?
One person for two nights and need the reference number. Also want to reserve a table at Travellers Rest for one on Monday at 13:45, the reference number as well.|Okay. I have your reservation for the hotel and your reference number for this booking is JAS1X0DX.
Thank you so much for your help, that is all I need.|Thank you i enjoyed serving you welcome again
Could you help me find a hotel on the west side with free WiFi?|I have four hotels listed that fit your criteria ranging in price from cheap to expensive. What price range are you looking for?
Price doesn't matter, really. But I would like to get free parking too, in addition to the wifi please.|All 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses match your needs. May I recommend the Cambridge Belfry?
Is that a hotel? I need a hotel and not a guesthouse.|Yes, it is a hotel. Can I book it for you?
That would be great, thanks. We'll be arriving on Sunday.|How many people are staying, and for how many days?
6 people for 4 nights.|Sorry but I was unable to book. Do you wanna change the day you book or the number of days?
How about two nights?|Yes, that did it.  Your reference number is X5XFGMK0. Can I assist you with any other plans today?
Thanks so much. That's it for today. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of town that has free wifi.|Sure, there are 4 places like that. Do you have a preference for lodging type or price range?
It should be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, other than what I mentioned I have no preferences.|I have the Lensfield hotel.  Would you like to book it?
First let me ask if they have free parking. Also, can you please tell me the star rating?|They do have free parking and it is a 3 star hotel. How else may I assist you?
That sounds perfect. I will book it myself if I decide on it. That is all I need today. Thank you.|Not a problem! If you need more assistance, please let me know!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse|I'm sorry there are no results for an expensive guesthouse, would you like to try another type, such as hotel?
Well I'm really looking for that expensive guesthouse type. How about something in the north with free parking included?|There are no results for expensive guesthouse in the north. Would you like to try something else?
how about something in the moderate price range?|How about acorn house? I hear it's lovely.
Sure, please make a reservation for 2 people 2 nights starting on thursday.|Sorry, the hotel can't accommodate you for that time frame. want to change dates?
Can we make it 1 night then?|Booking was successful for one night. Reference number is : FJFV11JA.
Thank you for assisting me with that. I won't need anything else today.|Thank you for using our service.
I'd like a european food place in the west please.|Then you want the cambridge lodge restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  I would like a table for 2 on Thursday at 20:00.|OK, I made your reservation. Do you want your reference number now?
Yes, please. And then I will need you to help me find a place to stay.|Reference number is : IA42WAOZ.  What type of place are you looking for, a hotel or a guestroom?
Actually, either is fine. But I would like something moderately priced that offers free wifi.|I would recommend the Ashley Hotel, it is in the north, and moderately priced.
What amenities does the Ashley Hotel have?  I need free parking, free wifi, and 4 stars.|It has free parking and wifi; however it is only a 2 star hotel.  Would you like me to search for a different hotel?
Yes please search for something that is four stars.|There are no 4 star hotels matching your criteria. I can however book you a 3-star or 2-star hotel if you want
No, I would like for it to be 4 stars. Is there another area you can check?|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, how about a 3 star?|I am sorry there are no 3 star hotels that match your criteria. There is however a few 3 star guesthouses. Would you like to book a guesthouse?
I would have liked a hotel but if there is none then a guesthouse works for me|There are 3 star guesthouses in the south, north and west.  Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend one?|Sure! I recommend the Hamilton Lodge. Would you like for me to book a room?
I need their info. Address and phone number.|Their phone number is 01223365664 and their addres is 156 Chesterton Road, postcode CB4 1DA. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, please. I need to get there by the reservation time.|You got the blue toyota enjoy the ride.
thnks alot. you have been of help|Glad to be of your service. Is there anything else?
I just need the contact number for the taxi, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue toyota
Contact number	:	07013802794
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all for today.|thank you for choosing us
I like you no problem.|Thanks for using our service today!
I'm looking for a latin american restaurant in the moderate price range.|we don't have that in our records. can you change the type of food?
Can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the south that serves latin american food?|There are no restaurants available matching what you mentioned.
How about Italian food. You do have Italian restaurants don't you. Moderately priced and in the south area would work fine for me.|The only moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south part of town is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at 18:30 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : AM10LQ20.
That's great.  Thank you.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 4 star hotel?|yes and which area would you be interested in ?
The area does not matter. But, I need it to be an actual hotel and have 4 stars.|Sure there are a few options.  Did you have a price range you were looking for?
No particular price range, but I would like free parking.|How about huntingdon marriott hotel?
Sure, I need the reservation to be for 4 people.|And what nights would you like me to reserve for you?
Four nights starting Sunday|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : LNRXN5ZT.
Thank you, can I also book a taxi?|Yes, where would you like to go to and from?
I need it to go from the restaurant to the hotel.|I can book you a taxi from Pizza Hut to Huntingdon Marriot, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be at the restaurant by 18:30 for my reservation, the pick up time doesn't matter to me.|I'm sorry I need clarification. Do you need a taxi to the restaurant or to the hotel?
it should be to the hotel|Okay. Then to book I will need to know what time you want to either leave the restaurant or what time you'd like to arrive at the hotel by.
I'm sorry. Let me clarify. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and I want to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue bmw
Contact number	:	07611077714
I'm sorry for all the confusion on this call, and I appreciate your patience. Thank you. Goodbye!|No worries. You have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm hoping to find a moderately priced korean restaurant.|I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches that description.  Is there somewhere else I can try and find for you?
Can you run one more search for korean cuisine in the centre area please?|There is only one Korean restaurant in all of Cambridge, but it's expensive, not moderate.
Okay what about spanish cuisine then?|la tasca is a spanish restaurant located in the centre. Can I book that for you?
Please.  I need a reservation for 8 people at 12:45 on Sunday.|Alright, the table is booked for 12:45 and will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is GIBFWDNM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range.|Do you have an area in mind?
no, it should be a guesthouse though.|a and b guest house is in the moderate price range. Should I book it?
Yes for 8 for 3 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : EI63A77M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all the help I need today. Thank you|Sure thing.  Enjoy your stay
Hello, I am trying to find a hotel located in the west part of town. Any ideas?|We have two options available. Would you prefer expensive or cheap?
Either would be fine. I would like it to have a five star rating.|I apologize neither is five stars. Would you like to try something else?
Is there a 4 star hotel available in the west part of town?|There are 2 hotels available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the expensive price range and the Cambridge Belfry in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference?
Sure, let's go with the Cambridge Belfry. Please give me its postcode and address.|The post code is cb236bw. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne. Do you want me to book it for you?
No that's fine for now.|Their phone is 01954714600 if you choose to make a reservation yourself, or you may contact me again. Thank you!
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called city centre north b and b|City centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please.  I need reservations for eight people starting this Wednesday and we need it for three nights.|I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to change the number of nights or the starting day?
Could you start the booking on Saturday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KA34QUWB.
That's all I need, thank you!|Thank you goodbye
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.|I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.|I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.|The cheap one is the Cambridge belfry.
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IKC0PEFS.
Yes, I am attending a physician's conference and need to locate a room for tonight.|Do you have a area or price preference?
I am looking for a place with free wifi, doesn't need parking, and expensive price range|I have 5 hotels that fit your criteria, are you looking for a particular area or number of stars?
No particular area.  I would definitely want a moderate priced room though.|A and B Guest House fits your criteria. It's a 4-star guesthouse on 124 Tenison Road. Are you interested in booking there?
Yes.  I need it for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry, but it's not available for your references. Would you like to try a different day or fewer days?
Can I get it for 1 night, then?|Yes, I've reserved you for one night.
May I have the booking reference number, please?|The reference number is EV6UDNPJ. Anything else you need?
No, that is just what I needed.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|Goodbye. Have a good day!
Hello!  I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and am interested in hearing about places to stay.|Do you have a preferred price range or area of town? This will help me find just what you are looking for.
Oh for sure. Uh let's try something with 2 stars and moderately priced.|I'm sorry. We don't anything available in that area for that price range. Is there another area you would like to try?
Let's try any 2 star hotel, then.|There are two, shall I try booking one?
Yes, please for 1 night.|I would be happy to assist you with booking, first I will need to know what day you will be arriving and for how many people?
I would like accommodations for 6 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.|I tried to book the Ashley Hotel, but it was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Try a 1 night stay, instead.|Ashley Hotel was available for Tuesday night and I have made your reservation. Your reference number is FP60B1F2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a sports attraction in the centre, can you give me more info?|Unfortunately, I don't have any sports complexes in the centre. I could try another area, or another attraction.
Are there any theatres in the area then?|Yes, several. The ADC Theatre, the Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you like to hear more about any of those?
Yes, Can I have the post code and entrance fee for the ADC?|Postal is cb58as, I do not have inform on the entrance fee, you may need to call them at 01223300085
Ok perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before 10:45 too? Thankyou for your time.|I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07.  Will that work?
Does it leave on Sunday?|No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.|I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN.
Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?|Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.
I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.|I'd recommend the acorn guest house. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
No that's ok. Can I just get the phone number and postcode?|01223353888 is the number, the post code is cb41da. Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all for today thanks !|Awesome. Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I would like to stay at a hotel in the east, please.|express by holiday inn cambridge meets your criteria.
Does it have 4 stars?|I am sorry, but that hotel does not have a 4 star rating, would you like another option?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the east?|there are 5 four star guesthouses in the east
Can I book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and get the reference number?|Great, you're booked with reference number Y5Z7GN2R. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a gastropub near the hotel.|How about Royal Standard? It's a gastropub located at 290 Mill Road City Centre
Excellent. One more thing: is that in the expensive price range?|Yes, royal standard is an expensive gastropub.
Terrific. Can you book a table for the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and provide me with the reference number?|Booking was successful for the royal standard. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 4W94X4GE. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by 11:45|I've booked you a taxi from "a and b guest house" to "royal standard." The car is a blue audi and the Contact number is 07009978153.
Great! I think that's all I need today. Thank you for you help!|Thank you for using our service. Please contact us again if we can be of further assistance.
i need a place to stay|OK, what area or price range do you have in mind?
No particular price range but I would like for it to have free parking internet with a 2 stars.|You have a choice of three, two in the North and one in the west.
North work for me, Ill go with what you pick, just need the price range, hotel type and postal code so I can plan ahead.|Ashley hotel is nice. It's a moderately priced hotel in the north. The postcode is cb41er. Can I book it for you?
Not yet.  Do you have a price range for that hotel?|It is moderately priced.
Does it have a pool?|I am unsure but it does have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I do need a reservation.|When will you start your stay and for how long?
You know what? I think I'm going to hold off on the hotel reservation right now. Is there a swimiming pool near there?|There are two, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool.
is one of them free?|Neither prices are listed and can vary by season and day, you would have to call them, jesus green can be reached at 01223302579, kings hedges at 01223353248, any preference?
YES , i could want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.|at what time do want to arrive
i dont have a specific time to arrive|where are you leaving from?
i will be leaving from the hotel|headed to what place?
This conversation has gotten a little confused, hasn't it? I'd like to go to King Hedges Learner pool, please.|I am the floor manager, I apologize, we are training a new crew. I have your taxi booked, look for a black honda, they can be reached at 07639528951.
Thank you that was all I needed goodbye.|Thank you for using our service.
What does Cambridge offer as far as expensive cantonese restaurants?|I'm so sorry but we don't have any expensive cantonese.  Would you like to try another type of food?
How about british food instead.|There are 6 British restaurants. Do you have a particular area of interest?
No, but I want the most expensive one.|I would suggest  Fitzbillies Restaurant. Would you like me to book a table now?
I'll be dining alone so please make a reservation for 1 at 19:30 or 18:30, perfer 19:30 on wednesday.  Reference number please?|All set. Your reservation for one is confirmed for Wednesday at 19:30. Your reference is HB2TWWH0. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking.  It will be for just one person, like the restaurant booking.|how about acorn guest house? i hear it's lovely
That would be perfect.|I booked the Acorn Guest House in the north, the address: 154 Chesterton road. How many days are you going to stay?
I will be staying 2 days.|I got you booked for the Acorn Guest House for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Your booking number is 2NFSNMZP. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Can I just confirm it has free internet as well|The guesthouse has free wifi and parking
Great, that will be all thank you.|enjoy your stay!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the north part of town.|There are 12 hotels in the north part of town with free wifi. Do you have a price range in mind?
No specific price range. I would like for it to have free parking.|I have 11 different options. Many are guesthouses and I have 2 hotels. Do you have a preference?
choose one, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from monday|I've booked you a room for 4 people beginning on Friday and lasting five days at Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is 5JM761L2. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you. I am also interested in attractions in the same area as the Acorn Guest House. I feel like going to the cinema.|Sorry, I don't have any options available. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
do you have any boats any area ?|Yes there are 4 boat attractions in town. Riverboat georgina is in the north. Do you need more help?
Yes may I have the entrance fee please?|I'm sorry, their entrance fee is unknown, but if you'd like to call them to ask, they can be reached at 01223902091. Do you need further assistance?
Thank you so much for the info. That is all I need today, goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Can you tell me if there is a restaurant named Kohinoor in Cambridge?|Yes there is one listing, it serves indian food,it is in the centre,and has a cheap price. Would you like me to give you the information?
Just go ahead and book a table for 7 on Saturday at 12:45 please.|I apologize, I am unable to book at that time. Is there another time you'd like me to try for?
11:45 will be Ok.|I found Indian restaurant called Kohinoor 74 mill rd ,which is in center . Is that good for you?
Yes that is perfect. Can I get the reference number please?|The reference number for your reservation at Kohinoor is HB7JSPFK. Your table will be reserved for no longer than 15 minutes.
I also need to find a 4 star guesthouse that is located in the north, can you help me book one please?|Avalon has good reviews and is in the moderate price range would you like to book that?
Can you let me know whether they have free parking and what the postcode is?|Sure, the Avalon has free internet but no free parking. The postcode for them is: cb43pd. The archway house has both free internet and free parking.
Thank you for your help!|No problem! Enjoy your trip here in Cambridge!
Hi I am looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range.|I have 5 options for you. In what area would you like to stay?
I am not particular about the area. It is all right if the hotel doesn't have free parking.|How about the University Arms Hotel? It is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town with free wifi and free parking.
I actually don't want free parking. Is there a hotel that doesn't have free parking?|express by holiday inn cambridge is a nice place and will suit your needs.Do you want me to book it for you ?
i need a hotel in the north|There are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Did you have a preference?
It should be a hotel. I don't care if it has parking.|I have two moderately priced ones for you to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Please pick one for me.   The wife just "politely requested" that we change our mind on the parking, can you pick one that includes free parking?|Both have free parking. I suggest the Lovell Lodge. It's a good place. Phone is 01223425478. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need it booked for Saturday, for 4 nights, and 3 people.|Your booking is confirmed. 3 people arriving on Saturday and staying for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 4XAIWCKT. Can I assist you with anything else?
My wife and I thank you. That would be it|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Umm you too, as much as I have enjoyed the chat, I think this is the end of the dialogue.|This is the end
Is there a train that leaves after 08:15 on wednesday?|What is your destination station?
I'm going from Leicester to Cambridge.|TR1672 departs at 09:09 and arrives by 10:54. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book it.|Will I be booking just one seat or do you require multiple seats on the train?
Just 1 seat. I'll need the price.|It costs 37.80 pounds. If that's acceptable to you, I'll go ahead and book it for you.
No, that won't be necessary. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|sure, do you know what you're looking for?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and in the North. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Yes, I'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.|Your hotel booking was successful. Your reference number for your 3 night stay for 7 people is QF2DZGMA.
Hi. Could you help me find a hotel for my trip?|Absolutely, I would love to help you with that! Do you have a specific area of town or a specific price point that you would like?
I would like a 4-star hotel in the north area. Oh, and no free parking.  I'm concerned about safety when people park their cars next to the hotel!|The Avalon Guesthouse is in a very safe neighborhood in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
I have not decided yet.|Well that's ok we can book it later if you want.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I do believe I would like to book the Avalon Guesthouse. Can you help me with this?|Of course I'd be happy to.  How many people, when, and for how many days?
for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Monday|You and your party are booked at the Avalon. Your reference number A7T5CV0X. Can I help with anything else
I am also looking for a nice theatre to visit in the centre of town.|We have 4 available for you. The ADC Theatre is nice. Would you like more information about it or the others?
Yeah, could I get its address?|ADC Theater is located on Park Street in postcode cb58as. Is there anything else you need?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay and visit to the theatre.
I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.|I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.|Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q.
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?|I need to know what you're looking for first.
I am looking to find a guesthouse in the centre of town.|May I recommend Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the centre of town.
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the centre that are expensive?|No there are not.  Would you like me to book the Alexander bed and breakfast for you?
how about one that is in the type of hotel?|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels either.  Would you like to try another star rating or area?
Are there any guesthouses in another area close by?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different price range or star rating?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in Cambridge?|Based on the criteria, there are no 4 star guesthouses that are expensive anywhere in Cambridge.
I do not want to stay in a guesthouse. I want to stay in a hotel please.|I have found two 4 star hotels that are in the expensive price range. One is located in the west, and the other Centre. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry.  The guesthouse would be my preference. It should be 4 star rated and in the town center. What's available that meets those specifications?|I'm sorry, there are not guesthouses that meet your criteria.  There is 1 guesthouse that is 4 stars in the cheap price range in that area of town.
Is there a possibly a hotel instead then?|Okay. I have the University Arms that is in the center, rated 4 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking?|Yes of course they do, would you like a booking?
No, but can you give me the post code, please?|Yes, their postcode is cb21ad.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Nope, that's it, thanks for your help!|Please let us know if we can help you in the future. Goodbye.
Can you please help me find guesthouses that offer free parking in Cambridge?|sure, i have 21 options for you
I need it to include free wifi please.|There are still 21 options. What price range would you like?
No matter. Could you make a recommendation? I will need a room for 1, for 5 nights starting Sunday.|I would suggest Hobsons House in the west. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : X5GMNTU5. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Do you have a location preference? Perhaps in the west where you would be staying?
No, but I need the address.|hakka is located in the north on milton road chesterton.
I want to  book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Is there a time you would like to be picked up?
I want to leave the hotel by 19:00.|You all set, look for a light blue ford pinto.  Kidding, your cab will be a black skoda, they can be reached at 07738544250, can I help with anything else?
No thanks, have a good day.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
no am ok, thanks|welcome all the time
Thank you, that was all I needed.|have a good day
Thank you. You've been a big help. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service today.
Hello. I'm looking for a few good places to see in town on my next visit to cambridge.|There are lots of churches in the centre of town. Would you like to visit one?
No, I need something in the western part of town.|There are many colleges and museums on the west side. There is also one entertainment center. Which do you prefer?
What would you recommend?  I don't have a preference.|Queens college is quite pretty. It is on Silver street in the west.
Is it near the Hobsons House hotel?|Yes, both the Hobsons House and the college are both in the west part of town.  Would you like information for the college?
Actually, the college sounds great. I don't need more info. But I would love a taxi to get me from Queens College to Hobsons House. I want to leave by 16:30.|Do you know when you want to get there by?
It doesn't matter.|Booking completed! Your ca is a black lexus and the contact number is 07301130189
Perfect! That's all I need today, thank you!|You are very welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a certain hotel called the cityroomz. Can you tell me more about it?|Yes Cityroomz is located in the centre and is on sleeperz hotel, station road. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes thanks.  There will be 2 of us arriving for 5 nights on Sunday.|I booked you a 5 night stay for two, beginning on Friday.  Enjoy your stay!
I need the reference number please.|Reference number is : 3CJPO87U. Is there anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a restaurant serving Irish food in the center of town that is expensive.|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Aww, that's a bummer. I was really wanting Irish food. How about Indian food? I could go for some good curry.|Okay, how about Curry Garden?
That sounds great. Can you book a table for 2 Sunday at 15:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AIAOBIM7.  Is there anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  I need it to arrive by the booking time.|Your taxi reservation on a yellow Volvo is complete. You will be picked up at CityRoomz and dropped off at Curry Garden by 15:00. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you, that will be all.|I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
What is the phone number for scudamores punting co?|The phone number for Scudamores Punting Co is 01223359750. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me their address as well please?|Sure, it's at granta place, Mill lane.
Thanks! I'm also looking for information on the A & B Guesthouse. What can you tell me about that place?|Sure it's a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east.  Would you like me to book it?
May I have the postcode?|Yes, the post code for the A and B Guest House is cb12dp. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|Okay, which would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave the hotel by 7:00. Also, can you give me the contact number and car type once you have booked it?|Your taxi is booked. The car is a yellow honda and the contact number is 07826111038
Thank you so much for all of your help today.  I am all set.  Bye.|From all of us at Cambridge, we hope you enjoy your stay! Farewell!
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?|There are many options for places to stay any preferences such as area or rating?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 2.|Unfortunately we don't have anything that matches all of those requirements. Which are your top priorities?
Can you check instead for 3 stars?|I have three places. What area do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference for the area. Can you recommend 1 of the 3? I need to book a room.|I would recommend the hamilton house in the north. When would you like to book a room for?
That sounds great. Lets see if you can book it for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|I was able to book you for Hamilton Lodge for 2 people and 2 nights.  Your Reference number is : 2SR5W0RP.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Thursday. I will be departing from Cambridge and traveling to Norwich.|We have many trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in Norwich on Thursday. Do you need a specific departure or arrival time?
I am looking to arrive no later than 12:45.  I have no preference for departure time.  Thank you.|I'd recommend TR7779, it departs at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'll actually need 2 tickets please.|Booked! Total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station.
Reference number: 620VR2VS.
Thanks for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything, thanks again.|enjoy your time with us!
Hi, I need to find out if there's a train going to leicester that leaves on Monday.|There are many. From where are you departing?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
I want to leave after 09:45.|I have 14 trains available.  What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 9:45.|The TR6715 leaves at 10:21 and you'll arrive by 12:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the travel time please.|The travel time is 105 minutes. Will that be all?
I also need an expensive  hotel with free parking.|Great I have 5 different options for you!
I specifically am looking for a guesthouse in the east if that helps narrow things down.|Unfortunately, once I add those specifications I don't have anything that fits. Did you want to try a different price range or area?
Please look for something moderately priced, then.|There are 2 choices. The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is the first. The other is the Warkworth House. Which would you prefer?
Let's go with the Warkworth. Please make me a booking for Friday for 5 people, 3 nights.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is VSHQKDBQ.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You're welcome, please let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star place on the westside to stay at.|There are two hotel and one guesthouse that match what you are looking for. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I am looking in the expensive price range. Also, I would need free parking.|The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel is located in the west and in the expensive price range. Would you like to book?
Yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 4 nights starting on monday?|Great, I've got you booked for 4 days starting Monday for 6 guests is this correct?
Yes. Can I get the reference number so I can give it to them when we arrive?|I am sorry.  The system will not give me a confirmation number.  Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.|There are no other options in the expensive range, would you like me to try something else?
Is there another expensive place to stay?|I was able to book University Arms Hotel, reference number is VOF0UGNG.
Thank you, that's what I needed.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks for all of your help and putting up with a pain like me!|You were great. Hope you enjoy your stay. Have a great day.
Hi! What can you tell me about the Lensfield Hotel?|Lensfield is an expensive hotel in the south.
Ok great, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 nights and there are 6 in my party.|Yes. what day will you be arriving?
I would like to book starting Thursday.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. I'm ready to write it down.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Q1LRYM78. anything else?
Yes, I was also hoping to find a museum to visit while I'm in town.|There is The Byard Art museum and its free admission
I am needed to find a cheap place to dine that serves Indian food.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your needs - 3 in the center of town and 1 in the north. Are you interested in any of these?
I am interested in the one in the north.|That would be Royal Spice then. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please for 19:00 on Saturday.|For how many people is this booking?
Book a table for 1 person please.|I have confirmed your reservation at royal spice for one on Saturday at 19:00.  Your reference number is 3RFA2T98.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a place to stay.|There are many hotels in the area, did you have a price range or area you wanted to stay in?
I am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking in the north part of town that is a guesthouse.|I was not able to find any hotels that met those requirements.
How about a guesthouse that is in the cheap price range?|May I suggest the Worth House? It's a 4-star guesthouse located in the north. Alternately, the City Centre North B and B is a 0 star-option. Do you have a preference?
Worth house sounds much nicer. That is cheap correct? If so could you please try and book it for me for 3 nights? Same day and people.|You are booked for Worth House for 3 days starting on Saturday.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number|Your reference number for the Worth House room is RA8UPYY3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your help.|Alright, no problem. Have a nice day!
I would like to visit something like a museum, no specific part of town.|There are 23 museums in town, would you perhaps be interested in the Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds great. Can I please have the phone number?|Yes, their number is 01223314960. Do you need directions, a taxi, or something else?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse, prefer with a 4 star rating.|There are 18 four star guesthouses listed, what area of town are you interested in?
If you could just pick one, it does not have to have free parking. Maybe close to the Broughton House Gallery.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is 4 stars and in the same part of town as the gallery.
That sounds great! Could I get the area and phone number of the Bed and Breakfast?|Ok, it is in the east part of town the post code is cb12dp and the phone number is 01223315702. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope that'll be it. Thanks.|Have a Great Day!
i want a place to stay in Cambridge the is moderate price no wifi|Sure.  Would you like a particular area of town?
An inexpensive area with free parking if possible.|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's located in the north. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Sure!  I would like that!|I just need to know for what day, how many nights and how many guests for the reservation.
I need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday. Thanks!|Done! Your reference number is PMWGUS04. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.  I appreciate your help!|I'm happy we could be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a train on Sunday, arriving by 16:30, please.|What are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be departing from Leicester and arriving in Cambridge.|TR1492 arrives in Cambridge closest to your requested time, scheduled to arrive by 15:54, it departs leicester at 14:09.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. I would like a booking for 3 people please.|I have successfully booked this train for you. You will be responsible for a 90.72 GBP fee payable at the station. Your reference number is GJ9R5F0E.
Ok, I also need a hotel in the moderate price range that's a guesthouse. Nothing else matters, just pick one.|I have many to choose from in that price range. Is there a preference for a part of town? And how many people and for how long will they be staying?
Actually, do any of them offer free WiFi?|Yes almost all of them accommodate free WiFi.  Is there any other preferences you would be interested in such as location, star rating and parking availability?
I do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. I need the booking for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday.|I have confirmed your reservation at archway house starting Sunday for 5 nights. Your reference number is 5ZNJHYLP. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all thanks .|Great, thanks for using our services, have a great day.
Bye and have a great day.|have a great day!
Can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? I want it to be moderately priced please.|there are 2. one with 4 star another with 3. which one do you prefer?
Either is fine but I would need to have wifi included, this is a business trip.|I have 2 that offer free wifi. One is rated 3 stars, the other is 4. Do you have a preference?
How about the 4 stars one.|That would be the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now.  I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves Indian food.  Can you help me with that?|I have many to choose from. Can you specify the area?
I would like it in the south.|It looks like there aren't any in the south.  Would you like to try a different area?
No, how about indian food?|rajmahal is in the west and moderately priced, shall I book you?
Yes, please. I would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by 21:00.|Alright, and what is your destination?
First, may I have the address for the rajmahal restaurant? Then, I want to get from the hotel to the restaurant, please.|Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road, Fen Ditton in the east side. I've also booked your taxi, departing by 21:00. You'll be taking a yellow VW, the number is 07875116115.
thank you that will be all|I'm glad I could assist you today. Have a good rest of the day.
please fid me a place to go in the centre|Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a nightclub in the centre. Can you provide me with entrance fee info and postcode?|Okay, I recommend Club Salsa. It's 5 pounds to get in. The post code is cb12jb.
Perfect, thank you. I'm also looking for information on hotels in the centre that have free wifi. Could you recommend one?|There are 5! What price range would you like? Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
Any will do. Whichever one you recommend.|the fez club is my favourite. it is in 8 market passage. can i give you their phone number?
As long as this is a hotel, it sounds great.  Can you give me the address?|I'm sorry, I misunderstood.  Fez is a nightclub.  Did you want a hotel?
Yes. If you read the conversation above, you'll notice my second request was for a hotel. I'd like one in the same area of the nightclub.|I would suggest the University Arms Hotel. It is in the centre of town in the same area as Club Salsa. Would you like information or to book a room?
I just need their address please.|The address is regent street
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the club.|Can you tell me what time youd like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the club by 02:15.|I have you in a Grey Honday. You can contact them at 07413613083.
That is all I will be needing today. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a r star place to stay that has free wifi.|How many stars would you like?
Four stars please.|I have 21 that have 4 stars, 18 are guest houses and 3 are hotels. Do you have a preference to area or type of place?
I would like something in the north and has free wifi and free parking if possible.|I have the Acorn Guesthouse, Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, and Archway House in that area all with free wifi and parking. Can I book one of these for you?
Can you book the Acorn Guesthouse for Thursday?|I'll be happy to. How many people in your party? And how many nights will you be staying?
Great, I need it for 5 people for 3 nights, and let me know the reference number.|You've been booked and your reference number is V69YHH10.
Excellent! Thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually that is all. Have a lovely day.|Here is the address and telephone number of the hotel, so can arrive without any problem.
Thanks. Bye now.|Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel in town with free parking and free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there now?
Is it a guesthouse?|No, it's a hotel. Would you prefer a guesthouse?
Yes, I definitely want a guesthouse.|There are 21 different guesthouses in the cambridge area. Did you have a certain area you wished to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as I can book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday|There are 21 guest houses that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range or star rating preference?
I would prefer at least three stars, please.|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error in my system. Could you please restate your requirements?
I am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse at extremely reasonable rates. Would you like me to see if I can book you there?
Yes, please. Can I get the reference number, please?|Alright, your room has been booked for 8 people, 5 nights starting Friday. Your reference number is CKLFOESQ. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like to book a taxi to commute|Where would you like the taxi to take you, and when would you like to be picked up?
Well I suppose I should choose a restaurant first. Do you know of a seafood restaurant on the west side of town?|I'm sorry but there are no seafood restaurants in that part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find a restaurant that serve italian food and book a table for everybody at 14:45 the day i leave|I'm sorry there are no tables available for 8 at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need the same time. Are there other Italian restaruants on the west side?|Yes there are 2 italian restaurants in the west side, one is prezzo, the other la margherita.  Do you prefer cheap or moderate price?
Let's go with the moderate price. Can you please make the reservation for 8 people?|Unfortunately the booking was not successful.
Can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 8 people on friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L09JJ3XT. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you help me book a taxi from Rosa's B&B to the restaurant that will get me there by 14:45 when my table is ready?|Sure, I have booked your car a blue ford Contact number 07599887198. Can I help with anything else?
No, that should be it.  Thanks.|Great! Have a wonderful day and enjoy your meal!
I'd like some information on the Hamilton Lodge hotel, please.|It is located in the north. It is a guesthouse and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Address is 156 chesterton road. Postcode is cb41da. Reference number is: RU5ZSYZS. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train to cambridge|We have several trains going to Cambridge.  Where will you be departing from and what date do you need the train?
I need to depart from kings lynn on the same day as the hotel booking.|Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to depart from kings lynn on Wednesday and arrive by 9:15.|How about the TR4638 train? It arrives at 08:58.
Can you tell me when that departs and the total travel time? Also, how much is it?|TR4638 leaves at 8:11 and arrives at 8:58 that's a travel time of 47 minutes.  The cost is 9.80 pounds.  Would you like me to make reservations?
I actually won't need a reservation, just the information you provided is enough. Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.|Enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for all your help.|Enjoy your stay at Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the east part of town.|I have 6 places that would fit your needs. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
A cheap one with wifi, please.|I think allenbell would fit your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes a booking for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.|Unfortunately there isn't any availability during that time. Would you like to book another day or shorten your stay?
No, I would need it to be for 3 days and 8 people, what hotel could accomidate me?|I am sorry there are no hotels available.  Would you like another type of lodging?
Actually, could you shorten that to one night?|There is one hotel available, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, however it is only 2 stars and in the expensive range.
Please, book the Holiday Inn Cambridge, and I need the reference number. Also, I am looking to book a train the same day from Birmingham new street  to Cambridge leaving after 18:30.|I apologize, the hotel booking was unsuccesful. Would you like to try another day?
Can you try the hotel with a 1 night stay on the same day?|You are in luck for 1 night at Allenbell.  The reference number is PYGL9EVW.  You would like a train?
Yes, I need a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.|On Friday there are a train leaving at 5:40 and the cost is 75.10 pounds. The trains depart every hour, so you can chose your time. The last train depart at 9:40.
I want it to leave after 18:30.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, but I would like to know the arrival time for the train fitting my criteria.|TR8903 leaves Birmingham New Street at 18:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:23. It's a rather long trip.
Thank you for your assistance.|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you so much! Have a good day.|Great, we hope you have a great stay.
I am looking for a hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge.|The hotel is located in the eastern part of the city.  It is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
First, can you tell me if the hotel has internet available?|Yes they have internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary right now.  But, can you find a train that leaves after 19:30 and goes to Cambridge?|Sure! Just let me know what day you're traveling as well as your departure station.
I will be traveling on tuesday.|Great I also need to know where you will be leaving from.
LEAVING ELY GOING TO CAMBRIDGE ON SATURDAY. I NEED ARRIVAL TIME, TRAVEL TIME AND TRAIN ID PLEASE|TR4288 arrives at 19:52. The travel time is 17 minutes.
thank you. thanks for all your help. goodbye.|i am glad i have been of help. good day
I'm looking for a train that leaves on saturday and arrives by 19:00.|We have many trains that meet your request, do you have a departure or destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge.  I'll be leaving Norwich.|There is a train on saturday that leaves at 8:16am. Shall I book it?
What time does that train arrive in Cambridge?  That seems terribly early.  I just need to be there by 19:00.|The train arrives in Cambridge at 9:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. I'm looking for a place to stay too.|I can definitely help with that. First of all, may I ask where you will be leaving from and heading to?
The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge.|TR5693 meets all your criteria and arrives by 10:35. Will that work for you?
That sounds good.  What's the travel duration on that one?|It is 79 minutes.
Okay. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like it to be 4 stars and I don't need it to have free parking.|There are a lot of options to choose from. Do you know what part of town you'd like? In the north I can recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
I'd like it to be moderate, any will do. And I'd like to book it for 5 people and 4 nights, starting on the same day.|I have the avalon guesthouse in the north area. Would you like that one booked?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights. Can I please get the reference number too?|Starting what day?
It will be on Saturday as well.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8XPJYIR0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now.  Thank you.|No problem at all, have a great day.
I'm trying to find the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|I have the Alexander B & B located on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to assist you in making a reservation?
Yes please. There will be 7 of us, and we'll be arriving Thursday. We want to stay 5 nights.|The hotel is booked. The reference number is 5GTAJA8K.
Thank you! That's all I needed.|I am glad I was able to help you. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Can you give me information on hotels in the centre?|What price range are you looking for?
Not interested in the price, but I would like it to be a 4-star hotel.|We have two. I recommend the alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse.
I'm sorry. I needed a hotel, not a guesthouse.|The University Arms Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking or more information?
Yes please. I need it to be for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Friday.|Your reservation at university arms hotel this friday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : ZUWP7UJK.
Great, can you also find me a Japanese food restaurant in the expensive price range?|Wagamana is good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes.  Can you please book a table for one at 12:45 on Friday?|I have completed that booking. The reference number is A2Q5X07S. Can I do anything else today?
Thanks so so much! That's all now, bye!|You are very welcome! Take care!
i am looking for information about cineworld cinema.|Cineworld is on the south side of town.  Would you like the address?
Could i get the phone number please?|their phone number is 00872208000. what else can i do for you?
Yes I need to find a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and I don't need any parking.|I have  listings available for you on the south side of town. the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house and the Bridge Guest House. Which would you prefer?
I need a hotel located in the town centre.|Cityroomz meets the criteria you have provided. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Book it for Monday. 5 nights and 6 people.|It has been booked. Your reference number is KJWXHZQV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks that is all|No thank you that will be all
I'm looking for a particular hotel called "rosa's bed and breakfast".|I've located Rosa's Bed and breakfast, would you like me to assist you with booking a room?
Yes, please. I would like to book a room for 3 people for 2 nights, starting from Sunday.|I have made your reservation.  The reservation number is BNNZYCCS.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for molecular gastronomy restaurant located in the Centre that is expensive.|I am sorry. We don't have any expensive molecular gastronomy restaurants in city centre. Would you be  interested in a gastropub instead?
Actually, how about Chinese?|We have 4 great places. I'm partial to the Ugly Duckling, myself. Would you like to book a table?
Sounds great. I need that for 3 people on Sunday at 13:30 please.|Would you like me to make the reservation for you?
Yes, please!|I'm sorry, I am unable to book the table for that time. Is there another time, or restaurant you would like me to try?
Oh, that's a shame. Okay, can you try the same time on Friday instead, please?|second time is a charm, you are booked for friday, the reference number is YJR4PW5V, any other questions?
No that is all. Thanks!|You are quite welcome.  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|No problem!  I like acorn guest house in north.  Would that work?
Oh, I'm sorry. I was hoping for something located in the east. Do you have anything there?|I'd recommend a and b guest house. Would you like a room?
Does it include free parking?|No, it doesn't. The Carolina Bed and Breakfast does.
Great can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights on thursday?|I have booked your room successfully. Your reference number is TW0GAHV1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need train tickets.|Sure! What will be your departing and arriving locations?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Okay. There are 1,414 trains that fit that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by the destination, day of travel, departure or arrival time?
Yes, I'm going to kings lynn.|Alright, we have 133 trains, do you have a day you want to travel?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and need to arrive by 13:45 please.|TR2621 arrives by 12:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. What is the travel time?|Travel time from cambridge to kings lynn by train is 47 minutes. Would you like me to book seats?
No, thanks, that's all I need! Thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are very welcome! Have a great day.
Um yes you too, bye bye now!|good bye and have a good time.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants available in the center of town in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I want a russian food restaurant.|We have no russian restaurants with those criteria. Another type of food perhaps?
What about one that serves italian food?|I have two that fit this criteria. Pizza Express at Regent Street City Centre and pizza express Fen Ditton at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would you like any other information?
Yes, may I please have the postcode, address, and phone number of the Pizza Express at Regent Street?|The postcode is cb21db, phone number is 01223324033, and address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel in the same area.|Certainly, I have 5 hotels in the Centre area one is moderately priced, are there any other criteria such as price, or type?
I would like one that includes free wifi please|There are 4 that have free wifi, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse that is cheaply priced in that area, would you be interested in that?
Yes that would be great do they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
That's not necessary, could you just give me their phone number please?  I also need some help finding a taxi to commute from the hotel to restaurant.|The phone number for the guesthouse is 01223525725.  What time do you want the taxi to pick you up to take you to the restaurant?
8:15 please is when I want the taxi to pick me up.|Okay I have booked a taxi for you.   It will be a gray ford and the contact number is 07939411352 in case you need to make any modifications.
Okay great. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I am looking for some Italian food today.|We have several Italian restaurants in town! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
Are any located in the Centre?|There are 9 Italian restaurants located in Centre, would you like a recommendation or do you have a particular price point in mind?
I'd love a recommendation. I'm looking to book a table for 4 at 17:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Address is Market Hill City Centre
Reference number is : OHN98K8U.
Thanks. can you help me with a cheap place to stay also in the centre of town?|I have 2 cheap hotels that are cheap in the centre.  Would you like to book one of them?
Yes, but the place will also need to have 4 stars and free parking.|I am sorry but I did not find one with your request, with free parking and 4 stars, can I help you find one in a different area?
Really? Can you try again? A 4 star accommodation (type doesnt matter) that is cheap and in the centre with parking|I have found one result, a guesthouse. It is alexander bed and breakfast.
Okay. I'll need that booked for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday. Please send a reference number.|Your booking at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for a party of 4 for Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful.  Your Reference number is:X8LLFDAV. Anything else today?
Thank you, but that is all I need for now.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a good Chinese place with a cheap price range.|There are four Chinese restaurants in the cheap price range. What part of town do you prefer?
The south area please.|The Lucky Star is located in the southern area. Did you want me to book you a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at 12:30 on Tuesday. Can I have the reference number for the reservation?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 8TES0QAT. Anything else today?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a two star hotel near there with free parking.|There is no hotels that are 2 stars and offer free parking in the south. There is one in the east if you are interested. But it is expensive.
The east is OK, is that one a guesthouse style?|No, the only 2-star locations with free parking are all hotels, not guesthouses.
Oh well then. Can I ask what 4 star guesthouses with free parking are around?|Sure. On the south side of town we have the Aylesbray Lodge guest house is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. or Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, which is also 4 star, but has cheap rates.
Alright, let's go with Rosa's Bed and Breakfast then, that's a guesthouse at least?|What day do you want the reservation and for how many days and how many people?
I would like the reservation for 2 nights starting Tuesday. It will be for 8 people.|Great! You're booked with reference number 0E530A7J. How else may I assist you?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|Okay. Glad I could assist. Please call us anytime.
Thank you . Have a good day.|Thank you for using our system.
Hello! I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and would love to visit a concerthall in the centre of town. Can you help?|The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and could you give me the phone number too?|Oh of course! Their number is 01223474144.
And the address is? And while we're talking about location, are there any 3-star hotels close to it?|The man on the moon's address is 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. There is one hotel in that area with 3 stars, the Gonville Hotel. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi?  If yes, please book for 2 people for 1 night.  Thank you for your help.|They do have free wifi! For which day would you like the reservation?
I actually don't need a reservation just yet, but could I have the postcode and phone number for the Gonville? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Gonville is indeed a hotel. Their postcode is cb11ly. You can reach them by phone at 01223366611.
Thanks, I also need a taxi to go the hotel. I want to leave the Man on the moon at 16:15. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07709163859. Anything else I can help with?
No that is it thank you! That was all the info I needed! Thank you and have a good day.|I'm happy to help. Have a lovely day.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.|There are two places that match those requirements, one in the north and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Are you sure there aren't any in the south of town?|Sorry. There are no moderately-priced 0 star places in the south of town. Do you want to try some other criteria?
Could you try for the center part of town?|The cityroomz is a hotel in the centre part of town with a 0-rating in the moderate price range.  Can I reserve a room for you there?
Yes, I'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting Sunday, please.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 3UKMLIWO.
I am also looking for a train into cambridge the same day please|What day would you like the train?
Sunday as well, please.|Sure, where will you be departing from, and do you have a departure or arrival time?
Yes, I need to leave Leicester after 11:00.  Heading to Cambridge for the day.|I would recommend TR8285. It leaves Leicester at 11:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:54.
Okay. Can you purchase tickets for me. There will 6 of us.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is SCKIYN5Q. You depart from Leicester at 11:09, arriving in Cambridge at 12:54. Would that be all for you today?
Yes. Thank you for your help.|It was a pleasure, thank you so much.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Perfect! What would you like to know? Our history, our vision for the future, or perhaps just book a train or hotel room?
I will be needing a place to stay on the north side of town.|there are 13 places to stay in the north side of town. Do you have a price range?
no. give me recommendation.|acorn guest house is a great location.
Is it expensive with free wifi?|It is moderately priced.
Does it also include free wifi?|Yes, the wifi is included.
That sounds good, I would like to book that one.|When will you begin your stay?
book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Sure, which group of people and the same day as what?
Sorry. For 3 people, starting Monday.|I've successfully booked a room for your group, the reference number is 1IBWHB5J.
Thank you, that's all I need.|you are welcome
bye. have a good time.|If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Good-bye.
I need a train that leaves on Friday after 20:45.|There are oodles of available trains so let's narrow that down a smidge. What are you departure and destination locations?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street|I would suggest TR9557 which leaves Cambridge at 21:59 and arrives at your destination at 23:27.
Sounds great! Thank you very much! What is the price on that train?|The train is 16.60 pounds. Can I book that for you?
Sure. I also need a reservation at rosa's bed and breakfast.|I have you booked for 1 seat on the TR9557. What day are you wanting to book Rosa's bed and breakfast for?
What is their address and do they have free parking or free internet?|Rosa's has both free parking and free internet.
Could I get the address please?|Their address is 53 roseford road, cb22ha. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that's all I need.  Thank you very much.|Thank you for contacting us, if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a train.  I need to leave from Cambridge on Tuesday and go to Leicester.|Do you have a time that you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive by 8:45.|TR2950 will arrive at 08:06, would that work for you?
Yes, can I get 6 tickets please and I'll need the reference number too|the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : XYAOCTIY. May i help you with anything else.
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the centre.|We have two choices, alexander bed and breakfast which is in the cheap prince range and university arms hotel whic is in this expensive price range.
I do need free wifi included, so whichever of those has wifi is the best!|Actually, they both do offer free wifi and free parking. Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms hotel is a hotel type. Do you have preference?
I'd prefer a hotel. Can you book that for 6 people and 3 nights?|Which day would you like to check in?
Starting saturday, either place is fine if available.|The booking did not go through, can you book another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, could you try for a stay of 1 night?|I was able to make a reservation for Saturday night at University Arms Hotel for 6 people. Your reference number is 7XXHIROP. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse that has a 3 star rating.|There are four three star guest houses. Is there an area of town that interests you the most?
I would like it to be in the west. It doesn't matter if it has free parking or not. Thank you!|There is the hobsons house. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Let's book it.|ok for how long and how many people please
For 3 days and 2 people,I need a confirmation number too|and what day do you need the reservation for?
I need it for Sunday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is EV4ADBI9.
I want a train that goes to peterborough and leaves after 13:00|The next train is the TR0545 leaving cambridge at 13:06. Would you like me to book it or more information?
Does it leave on Monday?|Train TR3154 leaves cambridge at 13:06 and will arrive at peterborough at	13:56 on Monday. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I am looking for a train departung after 8:30 from Ely.|I have found several trains that you can use. What is your destination?
The train should go to Cambridge on Tuesday|TR4669 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52.  How does that sound?
Sounds great.  Can you book 5 seats for me?|Yes, your booking was successful. Your reference number is RCJDH5J4
Thanks Can you help me find a hotel called the university aims no university arms hotel.|I have a hotel called university arms hotel located in the centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, for 2 nights for 5 people on the same day|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZQ6OOE4Y
Thanks for all your help.  That's all I need today.|It was my pleasure. Good day ma'am. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 18:30?|Okay, I think I can help you. Where will be coming from?
I will be departing kings lynn.|The TR3677 arrives at 17:58. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 people on a Tuesday please. And I would like the reference number.|I'm going with TR5793 since you are travelling on Tuesday arriving at the same time. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4NLGW7WM.
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?|Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the East, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. Two nights from Tuesday for two people.|I got your room booked at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Your reference is FYLDIZUF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. And I need the reference number then too please|Ok I will book it for you
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.|I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks|I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?|Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I really don't have a price range in mind.  I'm still not sure I want to stay in a guesthouse, hotels are so much better for me.|i recommend leverton house phone 0122392094
Ok, I guess we can book that one then. There will be 3 of us staying 4 nights, starting sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KXCIX1QH. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that'll be it.  Thanks for the help.|Great. Thank you for calling. I hope you have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Hi I would like to find a moderate priced place to stay with free parking.|There are 14 results which fit your request. Do you want information for the places with a 4 star rating?
I'd like a 4 star hotel in the south, yes.|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your needs. It's a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse in the south. I can book a room for you, if you like!
That is a guest house?|Yes this is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Thanks so much.  Also can you provide me information about a restaurant called the copper kettle?|I have that here. What would you like to know?
what area is it in?|South would you like me to book it for you ?
I am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. The place should have 0 stars.|Yes I have only two options in the cheap price range with a 0 star rating. Both are located in the city center. Would you be interested in either?
Is there one with free wifi and free parking?|El Shaddai on Warkworth Street has both.  Can I book it for you?
I just need the phone number, postcode, and address, please.|Their number is 01223327978. Their postcode is cb11eg. Their address is 41 warkworth street.
Thanks! Are there any swimming pools located in the south of town?|Sorry, it looks like there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area?
What types of nightclubs are there in that area?|The place is a nightclub in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23hg
Thank you. Can you schedule a taxi pickup from El Shaddai to the nightclub. I want to leave the room by 12:30.|You're booked for a red Tesla at 12:30, going from El Shaddai to The Place. Their contact number, should you need it, is 07625686038. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|I'm glad I could help.
I'm just needing a place to stay.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't want anything too cheap or anything that will break the bank, just somewhere moderately priced.|Okay. What part of town will you be visiting?
The west part I need the address and phone number and zip.|It is called Hobsons house, it is on 96 Barton road. their number is 	01223304906, cb39lh is their postcode.
Does that have free wifi and parking? If so, I'd like a reservation.|Yes, it does have parking and internet. What day would you like to begin your stay, how many days in total, and how many people please?
I want to book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|The booking for 7 people at the Hobson House arriving on Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FFJYSLN4. Can I assist you any further?
No thank you.|All right then, thanks for using our services and I hope you have a wonderful visit in Cambridge. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train going to leicester leaving after 18:15.|Okay! From where are you departing?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday.|There is a train leaving Leicester at 18:21 and heading for Cambridge. Would you be interested in this one?
No thanks, I need one going from Cambridge to Leicester. Are there any that meet my needs?|My mistake. It does depart from cambridge to leicester at 18:21. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please for 1 person.|Your ticket is booked on TR0776 from cambridge to leicester on Tuesday at 18:21. The confirmation number is IH9JZWAI.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay in the east with free parking.|I have several options. Do you have a price range in mind?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range.|I would recommend the warkworth house.
Great. I need to make a reservation for Saturday.|ok, how many days and guests?
It will be 2 nights and for 1 person.|There is one hotel in the east. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for one person for 2 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 1RC02K68
that will be it for now. thanks|Please feel free to call again if we can help in any other way. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Everyone keeps telling me I have to stay at Cityroomz when I visit next. Have you heard of it?|Yes. It is a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town. They don't have a star rating, but do offer free wifi. Would you like help booking a room there?
Yes, I would like to book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Wednesday.|I'm so sorry, but I was unable to book per your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different date?
Well, are there any other hotels that I can stay at during this time.  I really need these dates.|Sure.  Do you want the same part of town?
No, Please book me at cityroomz if 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday is unavailable can you try one night?|One night was a success. Your reference number is KYH3R6AZ.
Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. that is all . Thanks.|Thank you, good bye.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|There are 32 hotels/guesthouses that offer free wifi, do you want to stay on a specific side of town, or a specific amenity you want?
I would like to be in the south and I prefer a guesthouse.|I have 3 listings in that area,what price range were you looking for?
Price does not matter as long as they have 3 stars.|I have one, the Bridge Guest House, shall I book it for you?
No,let me check around,I will call back.|Have a nice day.  Call back if you need anything.
I am looking a hotel to stay in. Could you find me one on the more expensive side? But it doesn't need free parking.|Sorry, nothing falls under those categories. Shall I check one WITH free parking?
Yes, give that a try please. I also need free wifi.|May I recommend the express by holiday inn cambridge? I'd like to know how many people are staying as well.
That sounds good.  I need to check the number of people before I book.|I have 5 different lovely hotels. How many are we booking for please?
I'm not sure yet, but I'll probably only need one room. I forgot to mention, the hotel needs to be located in the centre of town.|There are two expensive hotels centrally located with free WIFI and parking.  The University Arms Hotel has a 4 star rating, would you like more information about it?
Yes. I am interested to know the postcode, and if it is a hotel or guesthouse.|It is a hotel, and it has the postcode of cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel. What's around?|We have many Chinese restaurants in the center of town, ranging from cheap to expensive. Does price range matter?
No, it does not. Please give me the address, phone number, and postcode of any 1 restaurant that matches my criteria.|Let's go with jinling noodle bar. The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, the phone number is 01223566188 and the postcode is cb23pp.
That's great. Thank you so much for all of your help today.|Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I think that will be all|Have a wonderful trip.
I am looking for a 2 star hotel that also includes free wifi.|The ashley hotel is a 2 star moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi. Would you be interested in booking a room at this location?
Where is it located? I'm looking for something in the East.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a 2 star hotel with free wifi. It is in the east, and is in the expensive price range.
What type of place is the Express?|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a hotel.
Do they also have free parking?|Yes, it has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at the express by holiday inn cambridge?
What type of hotel is it?|This is an expensive hotel.
I want to make sure that it's a hotel and not just a guest house. It sounds like it's not a guest house though, is that right?|It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. That will be everything.|Glad to help. Thank you and goodbye!
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called michaelhouse cafe.|Michaelhouse Cafe is an expensive restaurant in the center of town. It serves european food and is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
I would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at 15:00 on monday.|Sure thing you're all set. Your reference number is 8P12NA4L. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel. I think it is called the Cambridge belfry.|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel in the west area. Do you want to book any rooms?
First can you give me the postcode, star rating, and a more specific price range?|The postcode is cb236bw and star rating is 4. I can only tell you that it is in the cheap price range.
Well thank you very much. I think that's all I need for now!|Absolutely. Enjoy your trip!
Are there any places to stay in the centre of town?|We have 5 places to pick from in the centre of town, any other preferences?
It should be a guesthouse, have 0 stars and include free parking.|I have the el shaddai located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to make reservations?
As long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 0 stars. I'd like to book for 3 nights starting Wednesday.|El Shaddi meets all your criteria, how many people will I be making a booking for?
I would like that for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday please.|Great your stay is reserved!  Reference CC8X41QU.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for places to go in the same area.|There are many places to go in the centre. What type of activity would you like? Are you interested in activities that are free or cost money?
Mutliple sports would be nice.|I don't have any multiple sports attractions in the centre, but I have one in the East. Would you like to hear about it?
nah, i just realized i hate sports. a lot. how about nightclubs?|You are in luck, we have 6 nightclubs. I'd recommend Club Salsa.
Can I have the address, postcode, and entrance fee|Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, CB12JB, and there is a 5 pound entrance fee.
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our service!
Hello, I need some assistance with finding a nice Italian restaurant in centre of Cambridge.|How much money did you want to spend?
I am interested in cheap restaurants.|Great! How about Ask restaurant, at 12 Bridge Street City Centre? May I book you a table?
Yes please, just me on Tuesday, at 15:30.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ASSBU60Y. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay for the night, and I can't break the bank on it either.|We have many inexpensive hotels. Did you have any area in mind?
Any area is fine as long as it is 4 star and a guesthouse.|I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast in the center of town. It's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse.
That sounds great! Can you book a room there for 3 nights? Just me, and I'll be arriving on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful, the reservation number is JPAQ0BHO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  I need to make sure I get there by 15:30.|Your booking is completed. The car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07653774441. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I think you took care of everything. Have a nice night. Bye.|Enjoy your time! Goodbye!
I need a place to stay. Find me a hotel with free wifi.|Boom!!  We have gonville hotel.  Need me to book a room?
That would be great, do you know what the price range is?|The Gonville is expensive.
Does that have a 5 star rating?|No, only 3 stars.
I was hoping for something with at least 4 stars.|I have 3 hotels that meet that criteria. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and free internet. I have 2 in the west and 1 in the centre.
I want to book for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.|I'll be more than happy to help you book a room as soon as you tell me what part of town you prefer.
I don't have a preference for side of town.|Huntingdon marriott hotel comes highly recommended, shall I book your room there?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Your booking for Sunday at the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel has been booked. Your reference number is KKV2OAGC.
Great I also need a train please.|Can you tell me your departure and destination locations please?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne after 20:00 on monday.|There's a train at 20:01 that will get you to Broxbourne at 21:01. Would you like to book passage?
Yes, two tickets please|Great, you're all set. Your reference number is : LEX7I9AY. Anything else I can help with today?
No thanks. You've been very helpful. Take care. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.|We have quite a few, I'm sure we'll be able to get you where you want to go. Where is that, exactly?
I would like to go to leicester and leave on friday.|I have quite a few trains that fit your criteria. Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
Departing from cambridge and I want to arrive somewhere around 20:00, can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too.|The TR2508 arriving at 19:06 sound okay to you?
That sounds great, thank you. Could you book that for me for 7 people? I will need the reference number as well.|I completed your booking. The reference number is C11MOBV7. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes , I also need to find a place to stay. Preferably 4 stars and a guesthouse.|Sure! Our database contains 18 guesthouses rated 4 stars. To narrow down the search, could you tell me in what part of town you'd like to stay?
I definitely want to stay in the east part of town.|I have six entries matching your request.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
The price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting Tuesday?|I'm sorry.  There are no rooms available for that stay.  Can you choose a different day or shorter stay?
How about 1 night?|I was able to book the A and B Guest House for 1 night.  Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 995PR933.
thank you, you've been quite helpful|Glad to help. Have a lovely day.
Is there a place to stay in the north area of town? Can it have free wifi access too?|There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you interested in any particular price range?
I'd like a guesthouse, please. a 4 star rating is a must.|They archway house may be a good option.
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking.
Can I have the phone number and what is the price range?|The price range of Archway House is moderate and their phone number is 01223575314. Would you like any more information? I can book you a room if you would like.
No thanks. But can you help me find a train into Cambridge for Wednesday please?|Where will you leave from?
Ely is where I will be leaving from.|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I'm sorry, I will actually be leaving Norwich. I need to arrive by 21:15.|i have train tr8658 that will arrive at 20:35. did you need any tickets?
No thank you that will be all|Okay, have a great day!
Yes, I'm visiting Cambridge and want to know about Cambridge Artworks in town?|It is a museum in the eas part of town on 5 greens road, is there more you would like to know?
Can I please have the phone number?|Certainly.  The phone number is 01223902168.
I need a 4-star place to stay in the north part of town.|Do you have a preference for parking/wifi/price range?
No, I don't really have a reference for any of those, I don't even need internet.|The Acorn Guest House, on 154 chesterton road is available, shall I book it for you?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
How about 4 nights?|That is available. Reference number is : O0JPM8F0.
I'm interested in any info about places to go in the west side of Cambridge|Do you have any preferences in terms of the attraction types?
No preference. If you could recommend one. Could you provide me the address and phone number of the one you choose?|Would you be interested in visiting a college?
That sounds great! I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same area as the colege and of moderate price.|I would recommend Churchill College in the west, they have no entrance fee. Do you require free parking or internet for your hotel?
No, just a moderate hotel in the same area as the college.  Free wifi is nice though.|Yes I have a guesthouse in the west that is moderately priced and has free wifi.
If there are no hotels I'll stay at the guesthouse. Can you give me their address and phone number?|Hobsons House is located at 96 Barton Road in postcode cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd like to book for 1 person, 4 nights, starting from tuesday please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4X74FH7. is there something else i can help you with?
No, you have been helpful.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?|I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 16:00, please.|TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.|Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
I would take the guesthouse.|Okay, happy to help! would you like more information or a reservation?
The hotel please. I need to book it for 3 people 4 nights starting friday.|You are booked into the lensfield hotel. The reference number is O46I4NOR. My I help you with something else?
no. that is all i need. thanks. bye.|Great! Have a nice evening.
I'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the expensive price range|OK, I have five in several areas of town.
I need it to be a 3 star as well.|That brings us to two fine choices, the Gonville and the Lensfield. Both are rated 3 stars. The Gonville is in the centre, while the Lensfield is in the south.
Thank you. Can you book the Lensfield for 7 people and 5 nights beginning on Wednesday?|I have those reference number X83Q82E5.
You have it booked then?|Yes it is booked. May I help you with anything else today?
Also looking for information on Saint Johns College.|Saint John's College is located in the city centre.  It's phone number is: 
01223338600.  The address is Saint John's Street.  It has an entrance fee of 2.5 pounds.
Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I also need to book at a taxi to commute between the two places.|When would you like the taxi to arrive at your destination?
it should be there by 11;45.|Okay, the book has been completed!  The car will be a yellow toyota and the number is 07626630212.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|You as well!
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I don't care about internet.|Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in?
The west, please.|I can offer you the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, or the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap.
I'd like the Cambridge Belfry please.|Great! Do you need information on the Cambridge Belfry, or would you like to book a room?
I would like a room starting on Sunday for 4 nights. There will be 6 of staying.|You are all set. The reference number is 12OOOWTR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you've been great. Thank you. Goodbye.|Your are welcome. I trust you will enjoy your visit.
Thank you.  Goodbye.|Bye, have a good day
I need a hotel in the west part of cambridge. I don't care if it has internet.|We have 4 matches, do you have a price range in mind?
Yes expensive please. Just book me a room and send me the reference number.|There is the Huntingdon Marriott hotel would you like me to book it for you?
No.  Actually sorry.  It should be a cheap hotel in the west.|That is no problem, the cambridge belfry is a better price and should meet your needs, would you like more information?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, the bell fry has free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, just the phone number and address. I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.|The phone number is 01954714600, address 01954714600. What type of attraction would you like to go to?
I have no preference, just something in the same area as the hotel.|i suggest the queens' college. can i give you the address?
Yes please thank you|The address for Queens' College is Silver Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need the postcode as well.|Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope.  That was all I needed.  Thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre to assist you. Have a good day!
Find me a moderately cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves russian food|There are no listings with those criteria. Do you want to change some criteria?
How about British food instead?|There are 5 restaurants which match your requirements. Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular part of town?
No any part of town will work.|Would you like me to book you at The Oak Bistro at 6 Lensfield Road?
Can I just get the area, phone number, and postcode of it?|The Oak Bistro is in the area of centre, the phone number is 0122332361, and the postcode is cb21ab.
Thanks. Also I am looking for a guesthouse hotel with 2 stars in the north.|I'm very sorry but there are no results matching your criteria. Would you like to change the star rating, or try a different area?
Can you see if there is just a normal hotel in the north? It still needs to be a 2 star.|Yes, I have 2 hotels in that area and with that rating. The Ashley hotel or Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes, please. I need a room for 1 person, 3 nights. I'll be arriving on Saturday. The Ashley is fine.|I have book it for you. Your reference nummber is:  KKCAOAA4
Thank you, that should be all.|Wonderful. Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel named cityroomz. Can you provide me information about it please?|Yes. It's a 0 star hotel that's located at sleeperz hotel, station road in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number as well?
No thanks, but can you book me for 3 people and 5 nights starting on saturday?  I'll also need the reference number.|I booked it for you. The reference is L30FIVE7. Do you need anything else?
Im looking for a place to go in the centre area with multiple sports.|I am sorry but there are no multiple sports in the centre area. Do you want me to try a different area or a different attraction?
How about let's try a nightclub?|Yes I found 5 nightclubs.  Would like to try the Ballare located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion yard?
I think that would work. Can you tell me their entrance fee and postcode please?|Yeah, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and the postcode is cb23na.
Can you book me a taxi between the two locations please?|When would you like to be picked up?
at 17:00 hours please|Okay. You'll be expecting a blue Ford. Their number is 07043795737. Anything else?
Was that taxi booking for leaving by 18:45?|It was at 17:00, quite a bit before 18:45.  Would you prefer a later booking?
I just need to arrive at my attraction by 18:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number please?|It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07043795737.
Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using the help desk! Good bye!
I want to find a hotel located in the west please.|Is there anything else you want in a hotel?
Yes please. I would like for it to include free wifi.|I have found a number of hotels with internet, what is your price range?
I want the most expensive one.|I think you'll be happy with the Huntington Marriott Hotel.  The phone number is: 01480446000. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|Ok, I have 4 people booked at the Huntingdon Marriott for 5 days beginning on Saturday. Your reference number should you need it is 8DNV0JBG. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes.  I am looking to go to london Kings cross on thursday via train.  Is this something you can assist with?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cabridge.|There are trains to Kings Cross every 2 hours, on the hour. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I need the train to leave after 16:45.|TR1791 leaves at 17:00. it is the earliest. will that be fine with you?
Sure. What is the cost and what time will it arrive?|The price is 23.60 pounds and you will arrive at 17:51.
thankyou so much|Thank you for using our service today!
Hi, I need to find a hotel in north area that includes free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge meet your specifications, would you like to book one of them now?
Are either one of them a guesthouse?|No, they are not. I do have 33 guesthouses that fit your needs.
Can you give me the star rating of your top three guesthouses along with a price range?|They are all 4 star guesthouses that are moderately priced.
Can you give me the phone number for your favorite of those?|The avalon is my personal favorite. Their phone number is 01223353071, anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called The Hotpot. Can you help me with that?|Yes, I found it. It is in the expensive price range in the north area. The phone number is 0123366552. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes please. For 1 at 16:45 this Saturday.|You are all set, the reference number is, can I help with anything else?
What was the reference number?|Your reference number is JK25TFX6. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be everything.  Thank you|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you too!|It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.|The acorn guest house has free wifi and parking. It is cheap and has 4 star rating. The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I need a 3 star rated hotel|Bridge Guest House is rated 3 stars. Would you like a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday|Yes I was able to reserve this for you and your reference number is 2I3Y6MMY.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train on wednesday which will go to liverpool street in london.|There are several that day. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 18:30 and need to depart from Cambridge.|How many people will that train be for?
Just for myself. Give me the travel tiem and the train ID please.|TR5285 arrives at london liverpool street at 15:27 with a total travel time of 88 minutes.
That will be all thank you for your help.|No thank you that will be all
I am hoping you can help me with my planning.  I am trying to find information on the trains.|I can definitely help you with that.  Can you give me more information, like your departure and destination preferences?
I will be departing from Stansted Airport to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.|I am getting the information up now, do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|TR6386 departs at 12:24 and arrives by 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
No. Can you help me find a very cheap, not shabby hotel that has free parking?|I have a lot of great choices to offer you. Do you have a preference to what part of Cambridge you'd like to stay in?
itshould be in the centre|There are two guesthouses: Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and El Shaddai. Would you like to stay in one of those guesthouses?
Which one of them has free wifi?|Both facilities do.
book for 2 people for 2 nights from wednesday|I made your reservation for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast. Your reference number is 8JX02F2T. Is there anything else I can do?
Sorry, can you actually book it for 3 people for 2 nights, please?|Your booking has been changed. Your new reference number is FVTMM086.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need parking.|I have 4 but need to know what area you would like to stay in?
Well I would like a guesthouse. Does that limit what area I can book in?|The east and the north.
Can you tell me if they have free internet and the star rating for each?|There are moderately-priced guesthouses in 4 areas. Most have free parking, two don't, but if parking doesn't matter, any of them should do; Archway House in the north is very nice.
I also need a restaurant.|There are nine restaurants in the north area.  Do you have a preference of food type?
Actually, I have a certain restaurant in mind. It's called Royal Standard. Can you tell me about it?|I'm sorry but it must have closed as I am not finding any information on it. Can we look up another venue for you?
That's unfortunate. Are you certain you can't find it? I was sure it's still operating.|Ah, here it is. It's an expensive gastropub restaurant in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I need a table for 4 people at 19:15 on Sunday.|I was able to book that, reference number is GTZ8UVJO.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to take me from Archway House to the restaurant for that reservation, please.|I've booked a black ford with a contact no. 07568876193. It should arrive by 19:00 15 minutes before the booked time.
thanks. i need to get going so, its time to say goodbye. have a good one.|Can I look up anything else for you today?
I am interested in staying at the A and B Guest House, could you help me book my stay?|I can! I would just need the day you be checking in, the length of your stay and the amount of people you are checking in with.
Oh yes, sorry. I would like to check in on Wednesday for 4 nights and there will be 7 of us.|I have booked a and b guest house for 4 days for 7 people Reference number is GDH3Z9CI.
Great and I'd like to find some entertainment.|I have 5 results for entertainment. Do you have a particular area of town you're looking for entertainment in?
Oh, I don't mind where it is, but I'm thinking I'd like to visit something with boats.|I have four attractions involving boats, would you tell me if East, North or centre would be most convenient?
Any one will do. I would just need to know how much it costs and the address and phone number for it.|The entrance fees for the boat attractions are not available, would you like any more info?
Well, the phone numbers and addresses of these boat attractions would be helpful.|Of course.  Camboats, on the east side, are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  You can call them at 01223902112.
I also need the entrance fee.|I'm sorry but I have no information on the entrance fee listed.
Okay I will give them a call.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you.|You're welcome. I'm here if you have additional questions.
Thanks again.  Good bye.|Have a good day!
Need a place to stay, free wifi. Needs to be a hotel.|Please tell me your price range and whether or not free parking is important to you.
I don't require free parking, but I would like the hotel in the expensive price range.|There are 5 all across the city that meet your needs. Is there are certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Downtown would be best.|University Arms Hotel meets your needs.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Great can I get the phone number of them?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for the India House restaurant. I will need to book a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.  Please give me the reference number.|Your table at India House is all set, reference #GCAE8HPF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking to book a taxi between the two places.|Which site will you be departing from, and which will you be arriving at?
The hotel to the restaurant.  I want to make sure that I get to the restaurant by the time we booked please.|The taxi is booked it's a grey bmw the contact number is 07585544024.
Fantastic, thank you, have a good day.|Thank you! You as well! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train leaving after 15:30 from cambridge.|There are over 623 trains leaving then. Where will you be going to?
london liverpool street and should leave on monday|TR3602 departs at 15:59 Monday and arrives at London Liverpool street by 17:27. Does this suit your needs?
That sounds great.  Can you book that for 6 people for me?|Sure! I have 6 people booked for monday with reference number 3EBQSQSC and a total of 99.6 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on a hotel with free parking in the north.|Do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like to keep it cheap, please. I do need free wifi, though.|I have listings for two,city centre north b and b and worth house.
Let's go with City Centre North B and B. I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, and starting on Saturday, please.|Yes. Your reservation was successful. The booking number is 4H91C8I3.
thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
Please find me a guesthouse that offers free parking|Sure, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
What can I get thats a 4 star?|There are quite a few. 16 to be exact. Are you looking for a certain price range or area?
I need a place that will have space for 6 people staying 4 nights starting from Wednesday.|The acorn guest house has availability for that time.
Yes. Please book it for me, in the perimeters I stated above.|okay your all set ref # is KWN1JAD4, anything else today?
I need a place to eat in the south and VERY expensive for 6 people on wed at 19:00|Is there a certain type of food you'd like? The options are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Just pick a place (as long as it's expensive) on the south side and make the reservation and give me the reference number. After that, I'm going to need a taxi.|I have booked your party of 6 at the Peking Restaurant. You are booked for Wednesday at 19:00. Your reference number is  0Z92M9D7.
Ill need to taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant by 19:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07463823856
You have been extremely helpful, thank you so much.  I am all set.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a train on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge by 19:00, can you help me please?|Sure! Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I'm sorry,I'm confused. You are leaving from Cambridge to go to Cambridge?
No.  I am leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne.|Train TR0189 arrives at 18:01. Should I reserve tickets for that one?
Sure please make a booking for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : V7H3P3G7. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a 2-star hotel in the west part of town.|There are no 2 star hotels in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search to 2 star hotels in other parts of the city?
Will you check to see if there are any in the north?|I have the lovell lodge it is located in the north and is moderately priced with 2 stars.  Would you like to reservations there?
sure, for the same group of people on sunday|Ok and I need a reference number please
I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4-star rated.|In which area would you like to stay?
Preferably the east.|There are 6 hotels in the east rated 4-stars ranging from cheap to moderately priced. Do you have a preference on price range?
I do not, but it should have wifi.|a and b guest house is the area of east and has free wifi and is a 4-star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, just give me the postcode.|a and b guest house's postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a train.  Can you help with that?|Absolutely. Where are you departing from, and where would you like to go?
I am departing from stevenage anytime after 17:00. I would like to go to cambridge on monday.|I can get you aboard TR2656 at 17:54. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Can I have the price for that ticket please?|The price of the ticket is 12.80 pounds per person and is payable at the train station.  Is there any thing else I can assist you with today?
Could you tell me what time that train arrives in Cambridge please?|The train arrives in Cambridge by 18:43. Is there something else I could also help you with?
One more thing.  Can I have the train ID, please?|Of course, it's TR2656.
Thank you very much for the help.|Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thanks. That was all I needed. Have a good day|Have a fun trip!
I am looking for a place to stay. I want to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.|I can help with that! What area will you be staying in?
Any area in Cambridge is fine, but I want the hotel to have a 2 star rating.|There are a few different options for that. What price range would you prefer?
Something moderately priced would be ideal, please.|I'd recommend ashley hotel on 74 chesterton road. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great.  For 4 nights on Tuesday for 7 people please.|I will book you for the Ashely Hotel,ok ?
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.|There are 3 hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. Do you want free parking and what area do you want to stay in?
I'd like the accommodations to be a guesthouse, if possible.|I have found 14 different guesthouses for you. What area are you interested in? and will you be needing parking?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range with free wifi. Please let me know whether they have free parking.|The Avalon is a guesthouse at 62 gilbert road with free wifi but no parking.  Would you like to book them or keep looking?
can you tell me what area that's in?|A and B Guesthouse is in the east
Can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel please?|I found two that fit your description; huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.
OK iLL GO WITH THE FIRST CHOICE THE  huntingdon marriott hotel|That's a great hotel. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please for 7 people for 4 nights starting thursday and I need the reference number.|I've got you booked with reference number L7WTALJT.
Thank you.  I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the same area as the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|There are no chinese restaurants in that area,any other type of food I can check with?
Are there any Chinese restaurants within a short distance outside the area which are in the same price range as the hotel?|I would recommend the Ugly Duckling in the center of town. That's an expensive Chinese restaurant right in the middle of everything.
Excellent, can I get the address of the Ugly Duckling?|Of course!  The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is 	cb21tw.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I would like to book a taxi between the restaurant and hotel. I've like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.|I was able to book your taxi. Be looking out for a yellow BMW. If you need to reach them, please call 07101227577. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome!
I need to book a place to stay with a star of 4. I don't need free parking.|We have over 20 fine hotels. Do you have any preferences of cost or location?
I don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 4 stars please.|We have 11 in the moderate range. They are all a guesthouse accommodation. Would you like one of these?
I need one with free wi-fi.|I have two: a and b guesthouse in the east and avalon in the north. Would one of these work for you?
Can i book one on tuesday?|How long do you want to stay?
I would also need to book it for 4 nights.|before I look for that, could you let me know how many people are staying and what day you'd like to arrive?
One person, and I'd like to arrive on Tuesday.|OK, let me see what I can do.
After that I'm also going to need the reference number.|I have you booked. The reference number is WPGQ4ADJ.
OK, now can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?|We have 44 attractions in the centre of town Broughton House Gallery is a museum we have available.
Can you please provide me with the address, telephone number and the cost of admission.|How about All Saint's Church at 01223452587 in the centre? It's free.
I now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. I would like to leave the hotel by 15:45. Can you book that for me?|I have your taxi booked.  Look for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07655267463.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you. Enjoy your stay
Can I catch a train to Cambridge?|You sure can! Where will you be traveling from, and on what day?
I am leaving Peterborough on Sunday and I need to arrive by 10:15.|When do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 10:15.|TR0774 arrives closest to that time, it will arrive by 10:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please. I only need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 676ITDRH. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am going to need a place to stay while I'm in town.Can you recommend a guesthouse in the south?|What price range would you like?
I want to keep it in the moderate range please|Sure, I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guesthouse. It is 4 stars, includes wifi, parking and is in the moderate range. Would you like me to book it?
I actually want a hotel with 3 stars if possible|The bridge guesthouse is in the south with 3 stars. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can I please have their phone number?|Sure there phone number is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. good bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi! Could you please help me find a good hotel? I'd like it to be on the north end of town.|I have about 13 options that meet what you need. Is there a price range you prefer?
It would need to be moderately priced please.|I have 11 places that fit that description, do you care about how many stars?
I would like for it to be 3 stars, please.|Okay, how about the alpha-milton guest house?
Can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?|I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is AVVXFL9M. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also find the address for Club Salsa?|63 milton road is the address
I actually need the postcode and phone number for Club Salsa.|The postcode is cb12jb and the phone number is 07782218745.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? I want to leave by 5:45.|I booked a red volkswagen Contact number	:	07746032709
 Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Nope, that'll do it!  Thank you for all your help!|Okay anytime. Enjoy your visit.
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.|Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.|I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.|I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side|Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4|It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.|How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is the only cheap hotel in town that has free wifi. It's in the west side of town at back lane, cambourne. Do you want a reservation?
I would like a little more information about the Belfry hotel. does it have a 4 star rating?|Yes, it does have a four star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No but what is the address?|The Cambridge Belfry is located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with something else?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi. I need to book a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me?|There are 21 guesthouses which offer free parking. Which area do you prefer to stay in?
I am open to any area, but the hotel should definitely have only 1 star.|I was unable to find a 1 star guesthouse with free parking. Would you like to up the stars?
How about 4 stars?|I found quite a few that meet that criteria. How about the archway house?
That is fine. Can I have the phone number and the area that the guesthouse is in?|How about the Archway House which is a guesthouse in the north and their phone number is 01223575314.  I can book it for you if you would like.
That's OK, I'll do it later. Can you tell me if there are any trains departing Cambridge on Tuesday?|Yes there are many trains leaving on Tuesday from Cambridge. What is your destination and the time you would like to arrive?
It should leave after 9:15 and go to Norwich.|The first available train after your preferred time is TR9942 with a departure time of 09:36 and an arrival time of 10:55. Would you like a ticket for this one?
Not right now but can I get the travel time on that?|It's a 79 minute trip, and the fare is 17.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that is all the information I need currently.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I need a place to stay in the east.|I have several guesthouses and one hotel to stay at.  Do you have a price range of star rating you're looking for?
No, I don't care about price or stars.|Ok, Leverton guesthouse is cheap and located in the east.  Can I get you some information on it?
Does it have wifi?|Yes it has both free internet access and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please, for 4 nights.|For what night and how many people?
I need it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Your booking is set, the reference number is DDIZEYL4.   Anything else that i can assist with?
Thanks. Could you help me find a restaurant specializing in Americas food, also in the east?|Were you looking for a particular price range?
Any price range will work.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything that matches that. Want to try for a different kind of food?
Try british food, please.|I have the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Can you get all eight of us a table?|What time would you like the booking for?
12:15 on the same day as the hotel please|What day would that reservation be needed and number of people?
that would be for Wednesday and 8 people please|Booking was successful is there anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.|Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi.  Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.|I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book the hotel for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful your reference number is : ZK23HSL9. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all for today. You've been a great help. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you goodbye
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.|How about the Mumford Theatre located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road, postcode cb11pt?  I love that one.
That sounds perfect. How much is the entrance fee?|I do not know the entrance fee. You can call 08451962320 for more information.
Can you also find finches bed and breakfast?|Yes I can.  You will find it on the west side of town, at 144 thornton road.  Can I book you or assist with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Are you sure you do not want me to book you a room?
I want to make a booking at the alexander bed and breakfast.|Ok.  How many nights would you like to book?
4 nights please.|What are the dates you are staying?
I will be staying four nights starting on Friday.|How many people will be staying?
4 people will be staying for 4 nights starting from Friday.|Ok.  Your booking was successful and the reference number is TD8TU8IO.
Thanks very much !|You are welcome! Have a good day!
I am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi|There are 23 guesthouses with free wifi. What price range or area do you prefer?
I would prefer a price range of expensive|It seems that there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Can I offer you a different price range or a different type of hotel?
How about moderate price range with a star of 4?|There are several. Do you have a preference for area?
Area doesn't matter but I need to know if they have free parking|I have discovered 9 choices fitting your description. May I recommend the Archway House? It's on Gilbert Road.
Sounds great, Thank you.|You're welcome. Would you like me to make a reservation in your name?
Yes please make a reservation in my name. Thank you.|I will need to know the day you will be arriving, the amount of days and for how many people before making the reservation.
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation right now. Can you just tell me if they offer free parking?|Yes, Archway House offers free parking. May I help with something else?
Great, thanks. That is all I needed.|Should I book that for you?
No, I can book myself later.  Thanks.  Good bye.|Thank you for using our services. Do you require any further assistance?
I'm looking for a place to stay. A 0-star hotel is fine with me as long as it fits my moderate budget|I have 2 0-star guesthouses as well as Cityroomz, a 0-star hotel. Cityroomz is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room there?
Yes, could you book me a room there please?|I certainly can. When do you want to stay?
Actually, can I have the hotel type, phone number, and address instead?|Sure, it's a hotel located on sleeperz hotel, station road. Phone number is 01223304050
Thanks! I've also heard great things about a restaurant called Anatolia. What can you tell me about them?|Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
That sounds perfect.  Can you book me a table there for 3 at 14:45 on Friday?|I have made your reservation for 3 at 14:45 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is YK1UPI4J. Is there anything you need?
Thank you so much!|You are welcome! Have a good day!
I want to go eat so please find me a restaurant in the South. Money is no object so something expensive please|Sure, I found Chinese, Italian, Indian and Mexican restaurants.  What sounds good?
Any of those sound good what do you recommend? I just need the address and type of food they serve.|I'd recommend the Good Luck Chinese Takeaway. They serve Chinese cuisine at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Also need a hotel in the same area and same price range.|Okay, I have one match. It's The Lensfield Hotel and it is 3 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Does it have free wifi?|It certainly does. Shall I book it for for you, then?
No, I just need the address, thank you.|The address is 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
Nothing else. Thank you for researching the restaurant and hotel. Goodbye.|Welcome again it has been a pleasure to serve you
I am looking for a particular attraction.|Do you know the name of the attraction and what area of the city it is in?
Yeah, it's called  saint catharine's college I believe.|Ah yes, that college is in the center of town, on king's parade. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please?|Absolutely! That number is 01223338300. Anything else for you?
What type of attraction is that college?|It's a college attraction.
Okay, thank you. Is there somewhere near there to stay in the moderate price rage, with 4 stars?|Unfortunately, I do not have any guesthouses or hotels that fit your criteria. Is there a different price range, area, etc. I can check for you?
Have you checked in the North?|My apologies. There are several 4-star hotels at a moderate range. There are 7 in the north. Will you be needing free parking?
I require free wifi.|There is wifi available at the hotel.
Alright, book me one for a four night stay starting on Saturday.|How many people are in your group?
Just for 1 person, thanks.|I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guest House. Booking was successful. Reference number is : FBGL114Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi, but it doesn't need to have free parking.|I have 3 hotels in the city that meet your request. Are you looking for a certain area of the city?
I need a hotel in the east.|I have A and B Guest House in the east. Does that sound good? I can help you book a room there if you'd like.
Yes that will be fine. Book the room for 8 and for 5 nights on wednesday.|I'm sorry, we were not able to book a room at that hotel. Would you like us to try booking another hotel?
Okay sure. Try another hotel in the same price range.|Okay, you're booked at Avalon with reference number 7U6TURWS. May I help with anything else?
That was all that I needed, thank you!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
Could you help me with some information about places I can go in town?|Do you have a particular attraction or type of attraction in mind? We have boats, colleges, and a great deal of architecture.
I want to go to a museum.|I have several museums available.  What part of town would you like?
Please focus your search to the west.|I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery.  Admission is free.
plese get me the phone number and address|The phone number is 01223295264 and the address is 23 high street, fen ditton.  What else can I do for you?
Yes I need a place to stay that is a hotel that is moderate and I need it for 5 nights for 1 person from Tuesday.|Okay what area would you like to stay in?
I need the reference number too. I am not particular as to where, as long as it is near Cambridge.|Is parking and free wifi important to you?
I would prefer it to include both. Thanks for asking.|There are over a dozen to choose from. Are you looking for a particular star rating? Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I have no preference.  Please make a recommendation and book a room for me.|Okay I recommend the acorn guesthouse. Is it okay to book there?
If the acorn guesthouse is in the moderate range with wifi and parking, please book the above nights for me, please.|Okay! I have booked you and your reference number is 5X4PO32W.
Thanks, take care.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you that is all.|Your welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 8:15 on tuesday?|Sure! Where would you like to go?
Cambridge, from bishops stortford.|The first train of the day leaves at 9:29 and then another departs every two hours.
The first train sounds perfect.  Can you give me the train ID please?|Of course. The train id is TR0635. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, but, I need to find a particular hotel called Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.|sure, their phone number is 01223364319
book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|No problem, I have that room booked for you! Your reference number is going to be UYZISOD6. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
nope that's it thanks for all of your help today|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I need to find a 4 star hotel that also has free parking.|I have 19 places to stay with 4 stars and parking, which area would you prefer?
I would like to be in the north area.|There are no hotels that fit your criteria. However, there are 7 guesthouses available. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Are there any guesthouses with free wifi?|Yes, all 7 guesthouses have internet available. What price range are you looking for?
Oh, cool.  It really doesn't matter.  Which would you recommend?|How about Acorn Guest House?
How much per night?|It is moderately priced. I don't have an exact price.
OK, I don't need a room right now, but can I have the post code and phone number for Acorn?|Sure.  Postcode cb41da and phone number 01223353888.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Bye!|Thank you, have a great day.
I need a 4 star place to stay.|What area would you like to stay in?
I want it in the north, and it should include free parking.|I have a few places, do you have a price range in mind?
Can you please recommend one for me?|I think the acorn guest house is lovely!
please book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|Yes, I was able to book your guesthouse reservation. Your reference number is NVDLG2QR. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all. Thank you.|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many attractions in the town centre. Is there a particular type you have in mind?
Is there a theater in the centre?|There are 4 theatres in the centre: ADC, Cambridge Arts, Mumford, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Any of those places are fine. Could I have the address of one of them?|Sure, the ADC Theatre is on park street, postcode cb58as.
Great, thanks. I also need a place to stay that is also in the centre. A guesthouse is my preference if available.|Yes, I've got two guesthouses that match those criteria, one with 4 stars and one with 0. Would you like me to book you at one, and if so, which?
Please book the one that has free parking.|Both hotels have free parking. What day, time and how many people would you like to make this booking for?
I would like the 4 star one. I need it starting thursday for 4 nights and 6 people.|great, your reference number is DYLWUDB2
Thank you very much, that is everything I need.|The name of the guesthouse is Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and it is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you. Have a great day!|Thank you for choosing our service. Have a great day!
I'm looking for the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.|Great choice! The Cherry Hinton grounds are located in the east. It is located on Cherry Hinton Road. Their contact info is 01223446104. Any other information I can offer you?
Yes, could you give me the postcode please?|The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I want to find a hotel in the west. It needs to have free parking.|There are two hotels that meet those criteria.  The Huntingdon Marriot is an expensive hotel, and the Cambridge Belfry is a cheap. Which one would you prefer?
I will try the Huntingdon Marriot.|Would you like me to book you a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, I need a room starting on tuesday.|How many nights would you like it to be reserved, and how many will be in your party?
I will need three nights and with 5 people.|I was unable to book for 5 nights.  Would you like to try for 4 nights?
Actually I was mistaken, I need it to be booked for 6 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday.|I'm unable to book two nights for six people.  Would you like to try for one day?
Yes please. One day is fine.|The booking was successful. The reference number is 1FN4UUGJ. What else can I help you with?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places please.|When would you like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave by 16:15.|Okay sure. I have booked a white BMW to pick you up and your contact number is 07340002030. Anything else?
That takes care of everything. Thank You!|Thank you for using our system!
im looking for  a place to dine, it should be in the  south serving morden global food|I don't have anything that meets those specifications. Can I try something else?
it is ok provided that it is cheap|I found a chinese restaurant and a portuguese restaurant.  Do you like either one of those?
Portuguese should be fine.|Okay, Nandos serves Protuguese in the South of town with cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table now?
No, I'm not ready to book today.  Can I just get a phone number and postcode please?|Nandos postcode is cb17dy and the phone is 01223327908.  Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a place to stay.|What area would you prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't really matter too much. I would like something with 4 stars and free parking though.|There is acorn guest house located in the north it has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please book it for 3 nights starting on Thursday. I want the booking to be for 8 people.|Okay, your booking at the Acorn Guest House was successful. The reference number is MO3PC3QP. Can I help you with anything else today?
That would be all. Thank you for your time today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and need a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating.|4 guesthouses match your request and they're all moderately priced. Do you want to be in the north, south, or west side of town?
What are my options on the west side of town?|Just one, the Hobsons House is available.
Ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? I need 5 nights.|You booking for Hobsons House was successful, the confirmation number is BBSBEY5B. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you|Thank you goodbye
Are there any Danish restaurants on the east side of town?|There are not any Danish restaurants on the east side. Is there another search I can do for you?
What about Chinese?|the yu garden is in the east side.
Book it! Friday, 13:15, 3 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : R6HQVD9O. is there anything else i can do for you?
I am also looking for the hotel, Autumn House. Do you know of it?|Yes I do. The Autumn House is a 4 star guesthouse in the East area with both parking and internet. May I help you book your stay?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for the three of us for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful, and they will hold your  table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is R6HQVD9O. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much for your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful day and a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just let me know.
I'm looking for a train going to norwhich from cambridge.|I've got 133 scheduled between Cambridge and Norwich. What day of the week are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|We have quite a few results. Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
There are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 16:15 on Tuesday. I'll need a reference number, please.|Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is: KFMNIOGF.
Thank you so much. We also need a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?|Is there a part of the city you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.|Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.|We have 2,828 entries for a train.  Could you narrow it down to what you need?
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.|The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?|There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
I am looking for places to go when I get to town. Are there any good museums?|There are many museums. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
Yes I would prefer to be in the west.|Ok, I have 7 listings. Might I suggest the Museum of Classical Archaeology?
That sounds great. Can i get the address and entrance fee?|They are located on sidgewick avenue and admission is free.   Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  Perhaps 4 stars, and I need wifi.|There are a few places that match that description. Do you know what area you'd like to stay in?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Can you book it for 2 nights starting Saturday for 1 person?|May I suggest the Acorn Guest House?
That sounds like a great place.|sure thing all set! reference number is IS8BB29K anything else for you today?
No. Thank you though, this has been very helpful.|Great! Have a great day!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant please?|Sure, I have 57 options for you!
i feel like chinese|i can reserve at the the good luck chinese food takeaway which is an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Great! I need a table for 8 on Friday evening.|Is there a specific time in the evening that you would like?
How about at 18:45?|Booking was successful. The Reference number is  KVKIZQT9
Thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that's cheap.|I have a few cheap guesthouses in town, do you have a specific area that you would prefer to be in?
Yes, the west area, please.|I have one finches bed and breakfast. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, but could you give me their address and postcode? And do they have free parking?|You can contact the finches bed and breakfast. their address is 144 thornton road, zipcode cb30nd. Parking is free.
thank you for all of your help|thank you for using this service goodbye
Hello any restaurants suggestions ? I am also looking for nice 4 star hotels with wifi.|Two hotels in the West, Huntingdon Marriott and The Cambridge Belfry, and one in the Centre, University Arms Hotel, meet your specified needs.
Could I please have more information about the West? Is it an actual hotel or a guesthouse?|I have two hotels the huntingdon marriott and the cambridge belfry.
Okay may I get the price range for those hotels with the postcode also?|The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive offering at postcode pe296fl.  The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap offering at postcode cb236bw.
Thank you. I'm also looking for for a place to dine, I'd prefer an expensive place please.|Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Italian food please in the cheap price range|What area would you like to dine in?
In the centre please.  And make it Portuguese.  I don't care about price.  I have no idea where I got the idea of cheap Italian from, smh.|I have a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the Centre by the name of Nandos City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
i apologize. my husband wants something expensive. do you have any portuguese places that are expensive?|There doesn't seem to be any. Do you have any other different criteria?
in that case what about french?|You have two options , one in  the north and one in the center. Which one do you prefer?
I'd rather the one in the center. What is it called?|I have the cote located in the centre it is a expensive french restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you get me the address, post code and phone number, please?|Cote is at Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uf. Their phone number is 01223311053. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I do not need reservations.|Have a nice day.
i am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called aylesbray lodge guest house.|The Aylesbray Lodge is a guesthouse in the south area located at 5 Mowbray Road. The pricing is moderate. The phone number is 01223240089. Would you like to book a stay?
No, I can do that. I am looking for places to go in town, a park.|There are five parks in town.  Were you hoping for a certain area of town?
In the East preferably.|Okay there is one option here. It is cherry hinton water play. Entrance is free. Would you like help with anything else?
Can you tell me the postcode?|The postcode is cb18dw.
Can you also confirm the area that is in please?|That is in the east area.
Thank you so much!|So we have you at a place to stay with something to do for fun, anything else before I let you go?
Thank you that will be all I need.|I'm happy to be of service. Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi for when I am visiting Cambridge.|Acorn guest house in the north has a 4 star rating and free internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you tell me if Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range?|Yes it is in the moderate price range. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 4 people for 3 nights starting Thursday.|I'm sorry, that is not available.  Could you possibly shorten your stay?  Also, this is a guesthouse, were you looking for a hotel room instead?
Yeah, let's just try for one night please.|Sorry, let me try to get this right. Are you looking for a moderate priced hotel(?) or guesthouse(?), with wifi, in the north? Does star number matter? For 1 night?
I want it to be a hotel and the stars don't matter.|OK, the Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel in the north with free wifi. Would you like a room there?
Yes. I need to book for 4 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.|Unfortunately, booking was not available. Could you choose another day or arrange for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night? I can use the reference number, too, if successful. Also, are there museums in town?|There is ashley hotel with all your requirements met. Can I book for you? What kind of museum are you interested in?
Yes, book it and I need a reference number.  It doesn't matter the kind of museum.|OK, I have you booked at the ashley hotel. There are no Museums in the North, where are you wanting it located?
What is the reference number for the Ashley Hotel?|I apologize. I thought the booking had confirmed but it did not. They are booked full. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you book it for 1 night?|I'm sorry, we don't have any rooms available there on Thursday. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, I need a hotel that is moderately priced that is in the north area.|I am sorry but the room in that area on Thursday are booked. Shall I try another day for you?
Hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the North for 4 people, 1 night on Thursday?|Yes, Unfortunately I double checked all the hotels available for what you are looking for. They are all booked up for the night.
All right, then let's start all over again. I need a place to stay for 4 people 3 nights, if not then for one night.|The Avalon shows availability for 3 nights starting Thursday for 4 people. It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah this seems fine. Go ahead and book it for me.|I apologize, as I went to book it someone else must have already snagged it. Can you stay on a different day maybe?
No, but please try 1 night instead of 3.|I was able to find you one night at the avalon hotel? May I book it for you?
Yes, please book that for me and give me the reference number.|Booking was unsuccessful. Can I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about starting on Friday?|sorry, but Friday is all booked
Book whatever is avaliable, thanks!|I apologize for the long wait. You are booked at the hamilton lodge. Your reference number is EL2JG964. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like to visit a museum.|We have many museums in town, in every area except the north. Do you have a preference?
No, just let me know what you would recommend and give me the postcode, area, and phone number.|I like byard art, the postcode is cb21sj and their address is 14 king's parade
Thank you for that, can I have their phone number as well?|Of course you can, it's 01223464646. Would that be all for you today?
Yes, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|Thank you so much for your patience. Have a great day!
Morning!  I need a train departing from kings lynn.|There are trains from Kings Lynn every hour from 5:11. Did you have a particular day and time of day in mind?
Yes, my train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 11:00.|How about the TR8331 Train? It departs at 11:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:58.
Sounds good. Could you tell me how much it costs for a ticket, and how long of a trip that will be?|Yes, the ticket costs 9.80 pounds and the ride is 47 minutes long.  Can I be of any other help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south with free wifi. What options are there for that?|There is 1 expensive hotel and 3 guesthouses ranging from cheap to moderate. Which do you prefer?
Does the hotel have free parking?|The hotel does have free parking! It's called the lensfield hotel and has 3 stars.
Could you tell me the postcode of this hotel?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb21en. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not quite yet, but can you tell me the price range of the Lensfield, please?|The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Note yet.  Can you tell me more about the hotel?|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It's a 3 star, expensive hotel, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you!  Goodbye.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|I see 32 places have free wifi. To narrow it down, is there a particular side of town or a pricerange you're looking for?
I'd like a place on the west side in the moderate price range.|I am showing one guest house that meets your criteria. It's the Hobsons House at 96 Barton Road. Would you like to book a room?
Thank you. I'm not ready to book just yet. I just wanted the information. That's all I need for now. Good-bye.|You're welcome. Let us know if there's anything more you need and we'll be happy to help you. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on thursday.|There are 10 trains leaving fro Liverpool Street on Thursday. Did you have a departure time in mind?
Yes, I don't want to leave for Cambridge until 15:00 at the earliest.|Okay, the TR8944 leaves at 15:39 and arrives by 17:07. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, for 6 people.|Okay I have booked you and your reference number is WLUOQKEV.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the south.|What price range are you interested in?
No price range but I do want a 4 start.|rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range
That sounds great. I'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on Thursday.|I've gone ahead and booked that for you. Your Reference number is : EUZ34KY9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that takes care of everything I need. Thanks!|Do you need a taxi?
I don't need a taxi, thanks for asking|then thanks for inquiring with us.
Goodbye, and thanks again.|Sure thing.  Thanks for letting us help you today!
So, I need a guesthouse with free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Is there a particular area or price range you'd like to look at?
Yes, I would like it to be in the south and in the moderate range please.|I have two options. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the Bridge Guest House. Both offer free wifi and parking. Can I help arrange a room for you?
Yes, that would be great. I would be happy with either of those options.|Great! Lets go with aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the postcode please?|Yes, it's cb17sr.
That is all for now, thanks .|You are welcome.   Bye.
Hey! Looking for a hotel on the west side. Thanks!|There are 2 hotels in the west. Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would have to choose the less expensive one this time.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like more information?
Do they offer internet?|Yes free internet is included.  Is that what you are looking for?
I would like to make a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|I successfully booked you a room for 2 nights starting on Friday at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is GPGCYPCU
Thank you. Do you have information on the Pipasha restaurant?|Yes it's an expensive Indian restaurant in the east. There address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the postcode to that place?|The postcode is cb236bw. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant.|what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|Your taxi reservation departing from the cambridge belfry headed to Pipasha Restaurant by 1:00 was successful. The cary type is a yellow skoda. Contact number: 07014062574
Thank you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome! Please contact our service if you need any other information about your visit to Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi|There is one hotel and 6 guesthouses in the east with free Internet. Do you prefer a certain price range?
no, I just need it on the east side.|how about the leverton house?
Sure, I'd like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.|Sorry, but the hotel isn't available during that time. What about changing the date?
how about 2 nights instead?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : HDTPOS34.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you very much.|You are welcome. I can help with attractions and restaurants, if you wish.
Not at his time but I will keep it in mind. Have a good day. Bye.|Thank you.  Enjoy your trip.  Good bye.
I need to find a particular hotel called cityroomz. Please send me all information you have.|I have the information for the hotel cityroomz, I am send you the information right away.
Thanks, can I get their phone number?|the phone number is 01223304050.
Can I also get the address please? Thank you.|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks. I also need help finding a train to get me to Cambridge from Broxbourne.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on sunday and leave after 11:15.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive by 13:01. Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is: D83EGZQ8.
thank you so much|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That's it. Goodbye.|Goodbye. If you need any help later, we are here.
I am looking for a particular hotel.|Do you know which hotel or the area the hotel is in?
University Arms Hotel.|Yes I have located the University Arms and it is located in the center. Would you like a booking?
Yes thank you.  2 nights for two people starting on monday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is OG3NRCWJ. Will that be all?
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Tuesday.|Ok, where you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave after 11:45, please.|And from where are you departing?
I am departing from cambridge.  Can you please provide me with the train id and travel time.  thank you.|Sure.  TR0743 will be the train you want, and it has a travel time of 49 minutes.
Excellent,  thanks for all of your help!|Have a great day!
Could you help me find a restaurant? I am looking for a place that serves quality Italian food an affordable price. I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide.|There are several italian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like cheap or moderate price range, and do you have a preference as to the part of town?
It should be cheap and in the west.|la margherita is cheap and in the west
That will work for me. Can you book it for 16:30 on wednesday for 6 people? I'd also like the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E2AMPTJ6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a place to stay in the West. The hotel has to have free parking too.|There are four places that meet those criteria. Is there a particular price range you'd prefer?
I would like it to be a cheap place, I also need free wifi.|What day would you like to check in?
I just am looking for the star rating, phone number, and address of one and don't need a reservation at this time.|I have the Cambridge Belfry hotel with a 4 star rating and a guesthouse called finches bed and breakfast also with 4 stars.
Great thank you so much!|You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, I am looking for a hotel called the worth house. Can you help me find it?|Absolutely. The Worth House is located in the north. It offers free wifi and parking. They are located at 152 Chesterton Road. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Worth House is a guesthouse.
Ok, that will be perfect. I think thats all I need. Bye!|Okay, have a great day!
Would you be so kind as to help me find a place to dine later?|I sure can.  What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I'm looking for Cuban food.|There are no Cuban restaurants unfortunately.
That's okay.  How about Indian?|Yes what area are you looking to dine in?
In the Centre as well please.|I have 9 restaurants available.  What price range would you prefer?
The range does not matter. Just the Indian place you think best.|I would recommend the The Golden Curry. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, let's make it for 1 person at 19:45 on sunday.|Your reservation is successful, they'll hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6CVKLM3F. What else can I help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It doesn't need internet and should be moderately priced.|What area of town would be your preference?
I don't have a preference. What would you recommend?|I'd recommend the Limehouse, it's in the north and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Is that a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse. Would you still like me to book it?
Yes, I love guesthouses when I travel alone. Can you book it for three nights please, starting on Sunday.|Yes, of course. How many people are in your party?
Limehouse for 1 person, 3 nights and starting on Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2VEHCBYQ.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the Warkworth House.|The Warkworth house is a guesthouse on the east side located at warkworth terrace. Their phone number is 01223363682. Would you like help with anything else?
Perfect I would like to book it for 7 people|What nights would you like me to book it for?
We will arrive on Saturday and stay for four nights.|The booking was successful and your reference number is D786QB5S.
I also need a place to go. In the center, to do multiple sports|Unfortunately there are no sports attractions in the centre of town. Should I broaden your search?
How about a college instead?|I have 13 colleges. Would you like more info on any of them?
Surprise me, please. I just need their address, phone number, and entrance fee.|Gonville and Caius College is in centre. Phone is 01223332400. It's free to get in, and the address is trinity street. Do you need anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
I need a one-star hotel, please.|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any 1 star hotels in the area.  Can I look for something different for you?
Are you sure?|Yes, quite sure. Would you be willing to step up to a 3 star option? I have some good choices that I'm sure you will love.
Well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars.  Cheap though.|There is the cambridge belfry in the west that is a cheap 4 star hotel. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I just needed the information for now.|Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
Yes.  I am looking for a fun place to visit while I'm in the west side of town. Is there an awesome attraction you could recommend?|sure! how about funky fun house?
What kind of attraction is it?|Entertainment. But I made an error, it is in the east.
Oh, okay.  I need something in the west.|Whale of a Time is an entertainment attraction in the West.
Thank, I just need their address, and then we can work on a taxi afterwards.|The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  When would you want a cab for?
Great. I need a taxi from the hotel to there by 20:30.|Let me find a taxi for you.
I'll need the car type and contact number.|I will get that for you.
Okay, so what is it?|You'll be riding in style in a black skoda. You can call them at 07191841492.
Thank you so much.|Anything else today?
Not you took care of everything I need. Thanks.|Great.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I will be traveling to Cambridge and would like to dine on the west side.|Okay, cool! What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for expensive Brutish food.|I have two places. Would you like me to book one?
No. i would like you to choose one and then please provide me with the address and phone number.|The graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane huntington road postcode cb301x. The phone number is 01223277977.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guest house in the same area as the restaurant.|I'd recommend hobsons house. It's moderately priced and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No thanks, I'm just looking for information right now. I think I have everything I need for today.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, can you tell me if the Hobsons House is 4 star rated? if it is, I would also need the address please.|It is 3 star rated. Would you prefer 4 stars?
Yes, I'm looking for a 4 star rated guesthouse in the west with free parking.|Finches Bed and Breakfast will fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I just need the info for the place. What is its address? As well as its price range|it is pretty cheap. also the address is 144 thornton road.
I need a taxi from the restaurant|Ok, are you looking for a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel? What day do you need it?
Yes. The taxi should leave the restaurant by 20:00|In order to book a taxi I need time of travel, arrival location and the departure location.
I need the restaurant by 20:00 and head for the hotel.|A yellow lexus will pick you up at Grafitti at 20:00 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your driver can be contacted at 07239643979
Perfect. Thank you so much. That's all for today|Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. It should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 3.|i have four results that match your request, do you need internet?
Internet is not necessary. But can you see if there is one in the west part of town and I would prefer a guesthouse.|I have the Hobsons House. It is a moderately priced guesthouse located in the west. Free wifi and internet. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Please include the reference number for the booking.|I have that all booked for your stay. Your reference number for the room is ZUG88XKL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town while we are visiting the area. Do you have anything of concert halls around the area? We love those.|We have one. The Man on The Moon. But it is located in the centre area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, please, what is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223474144.
Ok, perfect.  Thanks!|Also the address to the man on the moon is 2 Norfolk Street. You have to call to inquire about the entrance fee. Have a Great day.
I'm looking for a high end Asian restaurant|There are two high end Asian restaurants, Saigon City and Kymmoy. Would you like more information?
Saigon City sounds great. Can you help me book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on Thursday?|Saigon City does not have any booking space available for the day and time requested.  Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, could you please try for 16:00? I'd like the reference number for that as well please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : G9ITHCS6. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a 4 star guesthouse if possible please.|There are several options to choose from.  Are you looking to stay in a certain area?
I'm not concerned with area, but I would like it to include free wifi access, please.|I have about 18 different options. To narrow it down, is there a price range you prefer?
I am not worried about the price range. Go ahead and choose one you would recommend and let me know the phone number and price range please.|Saigon city is expensive and has a phone number of: 01223356555
Terrific.  You have been a great help!  Goodbye.|It has been my pleasure! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for some Chinese food, any good places in town?|Yes I have many options. What price range or area would you prefer?
Let's do expensive.|There are five expensive Chinese restaurants. Two of them are in the south.
I was hoping to find something located in the center of town. Are there any expensive Chinese restaurants there?|HK Fusion is an expensive Chinese restaurant located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. Would you like more options?
This restaurant will be fine.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please, 2 people at 19:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MT2UHUCB.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. Can you help me with that?|Yes i will find you one and inform you as soon.thanks a lot its a pleasure to serve you
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the cheap side.|There are 10 locations on the cheap side. Do you have an area of town in mind?
I have no preference regarding the area.|We have 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them 4 star guesthouses?|7 of them are four star guesthouses. would you like me to book you a reservation?
What's the postcode for your favorite of those guesthouses?|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It's in the CB12DE postcode.
Okay. Can you also provide me with information on The Cambridge and County Folk Museum? I would like their phone number, venue type and postcode.|got it right here. What would you like info on?
The County Folk Museum. I need the phone number, venue type and postcode.|Sure thing. Their phone number is 01223355159. Postcode is cb30aq and it is in fact a museum like the name suggests
Can you reserve tickets for me?|I cannot reserve tickets to the museum, if that's what you're asking.
I want to book a room in a place that has a 4-star rating.|What price range do you have in mind?
What price ranges are available for a 4 star hotel that includes free wifi and free parking?|There are options in all price ranges- cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I don't care which price range it is as long as it has free wifi and parking.|I would recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel on the west side of town.
Thanks, I will keep that one in mind when I am ready to book.  I need to find a train also.  From Liverpool Street on Friday.|Sure, what is your destination?
I need to get to Cambridge by 09:15.|We have a train arriving by 9:07. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes that will work thank you.|great, how many tickets do you need?
I need 5 tickets please. I'll also need the reference number.|Booked! Reference number: HVL4GGV6.
At the station you are to pay 83 GBP.
Thanks so much for your help today.|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today.
I am looking for some entertainment.|There are lots of fun places in town. What would you like to do today?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?|how about the funky fun house?
No thank you what about a museum?|I have 23 great museums. Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
No area does not matter can you recommend one please?|One of my personal favorites would be the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.  It is definitely worth the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds.
Okay, I'll check it out. Please get me the postcode and address|The address for the Cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159.  The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for somewhere to stay|Sure, I need to get some information from you.  Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?  What day will you be coming?
Tuesday. I want a place to stay that is expensive, 3 star, and has free parking and wifi.|OKay, we have the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.
Thanks, I just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : PE5Q6EI9.
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|Have a good night.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. I'd like it to be in the centre.|What price range are you interested in?
The expensive price range.|I would suggest the University Arms Hotel. It is a 4 star on Regent Street. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. There are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 36IA96OC. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for places I should check out. Is there an entertainment attraction in the same area as the hotel?|There aren't any entertainment options in the centre. Do you have another choice?
Okay, what about a college in the same area?|I have 13 to choose from. I suggest corpus christi college located at king's parade.
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for using the Cambridge TowneInfo Center.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?|sure, what day will you be travelling?
I will be travelling on Monday and need to arrive by 18:45.|TR0254 arrives 18:10. Want to book?
Could you tell me the cost of the train ticket?|The cost is 12.80 pounds.
Great thanks.  So what time do I need to be at the Cambridge station?|You need to be at the Cambridge station at 17:21.
Thank you very much.  Could you help me get a guesthouse as well?|Do you have a price range or area preference?
One in the west, would be best.|What price range would you like?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|sure when are you planning your stay so I can book the room for you
I do not need it to be booked. Can I just get the postcode and whether it has internet?|Sure. Hobsons House is a guest house in the west with moderate pricing and internet. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, does the guesthouse have a star rating of 3?|Yes, hobsons house does have a 3 star rating. It is located at 96 barton road and their phone number is 01223304906. Do you need anything else today?
Just one other thing.  Can you clarify the travel time for the train?  I need to make sure I am prepared. TR0254 I believe.|sure, the travel time for the train is as follows; departure 17:21 arrival 18:10
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a cheap, 4 star hotel.|I have he cambridge belfry in the west area. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does this place have free wifi?|Yes, the cambridge belfry has internet.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on Friday.|You are booked and your reference number is CK82ZWXD. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a train into Cambridge?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Birmingham New Street|We have several trains to cambridge the earliest leaves at 05:40 and the latest one leaves at 23:40.  Do you have a specific time you would like to leave?
If I could leave on the first one after 16:30. that would be perfect.|What day would you like to travel?
On Friday, please.|The first one after 16:30 is the TR6477, leaving at 16:40. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Sure.  I would like 5 tickets, please.|Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : K5EOIMR6.  Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you!|No problem, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking, please.|Does acorn guest house on 154 chesterton road work for you? Should I book it?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes, it is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes.  Please book it for 7 people and for 5 nights starting this Thursday.|I have made the reservations and your reference number JQUU393D.
thanks! i'm also looking for a hungarian restaurant.|I'm sorry, but I am not finding any Hungarian restaurants.  Would you consider another type of cuisine?
You can look for indian restaurants.|Is there a certain price range?
No, any price range will work.|I'd recommend curry prince in the east. It's a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
So, my group is going to need a table at 15:30 on the day we arrive at the hotel.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G7Z1RQ47.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo. I hope you have a great day.
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?|Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.|We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.|All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.|I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace.  Would you like me to book this for you?
I am looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking|There are 2 hotels with a 3 star rating and free parking. Would you like to stay in the centre or south?
Either is fine. I'd like a guesthouse.|Sorry, I was mistaken. There are 3 guesthouses matching your request. One each in the south, north, and west. Would you like to book one?
Yes please. Which is the cheapest?|I can only tell you they are all in the moderate price range. Do you have any other preferences?
No. I would like to make a reservation for Wednesday for 3 nights and 8 people. I will also require a reference number.|I was unable to book your stay at any of the three hotels. Would you like to change the length of your stay or change the day?
Can you please try a 2 day stay.|Booking was successful for the bridge guest house. Your Reference number is : LBEOV690.
Thank you. Have a nice day.|Thank you. Have a nice day.
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.|I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet?  I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.|That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.  I'd like 4 stars though.|Ok what about the allenbell? It's priced cheap.
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?|The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from Cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?
Book me a train from birmingham new street that leaves after 19:15.|I'd be happy to help you with booking that. Can you tell me what day you will be traveling? And to what destination are you wanting to go?
I need to leave on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge.|The TR5859 leaves at 19:40. I can book tickets for you, if you like. I just need to know how many.
I don't need it booked just now.  Can you let me know the travel time and arrival time for TR5859?|The travel time of TR5859 is 163 minutes.  Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay.|We have plenty of options for places to stay in cambridge. Would you rather stay in a hotel or guest house?
A guest house with free parking, it doesnt matter whether or not wifi is included.|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's nice place on the north side. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you please.|What day will you be arriving and how many nights are you staying?
Ill be arriving tuesday and ill need 4 nights for 4 people.|I have made reservations and the reference number is K8EETTJF.
Thank you so much you have been a tremendous help!|Can I look up anything else for you today?
no, that will be all. thank you!|I am glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
Hello.  I am looking for a hotel, it should be in the cheap price range.|I have 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have an area in mind?
I want a hotel and not a guesthouse. It should also be on the west side of town with a 4 star rating. Can you help?|I have exactly one choice matching your criteria. Would you like me to make a booking for you for the Cambridge Belfry?
book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUCTFOYJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you for your help, have a good night!|Thank you and You're welcome. Good night.
Oh I'm sorry. I'm also looking for places to go. Some type of Multiple sports in the city center. Anything will do.|There is nothing in the centre but I do show one in the east. Would this work or do you have another attraction type in mind?
Can we first find a college in the same area instead|What about gonville and caius college in the centre of town?
Whatever you recommend will work. I just need the phone number, post code and address.|The phone number is 01223332400, the post code is cb21ta and the address is trinity street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you so much for everything.|thanks and you and you are welcome anytime
Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a wonderful trip!
have a great day|Have a good trip
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|All the moderately priced, 4-star accommodations are guesthouses. Is that OK?
That would be just fine, thank you.|Which are would you like?
Any area will do. Recommend something.|How about the avalon?
Great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you try that for me?|I was able to complete that booking for you. Your confirmation number is O4E7TJ08.
Thank you! Are there any places to go in the east?|If you're going to the east, I recommend taking a boat ride with Camboats.
ok, what's their address and postcode?|Camboats address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their postcode is cb58sx.
I also need a taxi.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know your departure site and destination and what time you're looking for.
I will want to go between the attraction, and the hotel.|I need to know a departure and/or arrival time.
I want to leave by 15:30.|What is the cost?
Can I get the contact number and the car type please?|It will be a blue Tesla. You may contact them at 07008080625.
Thank you very much. That is all that I need.|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the south side.|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Their phone number is 01223327908.
Sounds good can I make a booking for 7 people at 14:00 on saturday?|Yes great! Your booking was successful and the reference number for your booking is AKFP9F2B.
Beautiful, just need some info on the express by holiday inn cambridge.|Yes that hotel is in the expensive range on the east side and offers free wifi and parking. Anything else?
yeah i want to book that hotel too. for the same group of people.|For what day and time do you need?
I will need thursday at 17:00 please.|for how many days?
4 nights, please. Reference number, please.|The booking with successful your reference number is UHTGVMDM. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, that will do it, I appreciate your help today.  Thank you.|You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need to get a train ticket for friday please.|Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave after 13:15.|Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.|Reference number is : IVX6L3KV. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you please book a room for 1 person for 4 nights, starting Friday, at Hamilton Lodge?|Booking was successful.  Reference number is : 3G3X2VLU.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's it! Thank you for your help!|I'm glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use your help finding a place to stay when I arrive.|Would you like to stay in a specific area?
I don't care where, but i want a 5 star rating.|There are no five star hotels in the area, but we do have several four star ones, would you like one of those?
Yes I would like one of those.|Sure! How about a and b guest house? It is located at 124 tenison road.
That sounds good.  Do they have free wifi? Also, can you provide me with their address please?|Yes they have free internet and the address is 124 tenison road.
Thank you can you book that for me?|I'd be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you want to begin your stay? And how many guests and nights?
Actually I can book it. Can you tell me about parks to go to in the south?|I have two parks in that area. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Both offer free entrance.
Can I get the post code for Lammas Land Park?|They are at cb223ae, can I assist with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in cheap range.|I'd suggest dojo noodle bar on 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Sure!  This is exactly what I need!|Can you give me more information about the booking the table?
What do you mean. Would you like me to book it?|I can reserve a table for you and give you a reservation number
I'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking.|Okay, I have found 4 hotels on the south side with parking. Did you have a price range in mind?
Something expensive. I prefer a guesthouse though.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range in the south with free parking. Do you want to change your price range or area?
How about one in the cheap price range, are you able to locate one of those?|There is one, shall I book it?
Can you let me know if they have internet, and then let me know their address and phone number?|Rosa's bed and breakfast does have internet. The address is 53 roseford road and their phone number is 01223512596
I also need a train.|I can help with that, too. When and where do you need a train?
I need to leave from stansted airport after 10:30|What day will you be travelling?
On thursday I need to book it for 3 people.|Alright, I have booked you 3 tickets for the TR7920 train, leaving Stansted Airport at 11:24. Your reference number is VKBYCLSB.
Thank you. That will be all.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!  Goodbye.
Is there a cinema in the West area?|There are no cinemas in the west part of town in my system.
Too bad. How about museums? Can you recommend one for me?|There are 7 museums in the area, would you be interested in the Lynne Strover Gallery?
Yes I would. Can you give me the address, post code, and phone number for that museum?|Lynne strover gallery is located in the west at 23 high street, fen ditton postcode cb30aq, phone 01223295264.  Can I help with anything else?
Thanks. i also am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|I have 29 results that match your request.  To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in, and what price range?
I would like to stay in the West as well.|There are 4 hotels in the west area. Could you tell me what price range?
Oh, any of them will do. Let's book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry but none of the hotel are available. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Will a two night stay work? If that works go then ahead and give me the reference number.|Finches Bed and Breakfast was booked reference number QW2D4CNL
I think that's it! Have a nice day!|Have a good trip!
Thank you for your help.  Good bye.|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.|Okay! Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the Centre of town, at 56 Saint Barnabas Road, with internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
Yes please book it for  4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : OEBH1Q9H.
Thank you. I also need a train on wednesday arriving by 17:00.|Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Kings Lynn.|Is there a time in your mind for leaving?
No, I just need to arrive by 17:00. On Wednesday. Please book the train closest to that arrival for 4 people and give me a reference number|The Train ID is TR5153.  It leaves at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58.  Your reference number is 1T9WEZTE.  Can I help with anything else?
Awesome, thank you so much for your help! That will be all, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your time in our beautiful city!
I am looking for a hotel called Hobsons House.|Hobsons House is a moderately priced 3-star guesthouse on the west side. Their address is 96 Barton Road, cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Excellent. I would like to book a stay for 2 people for 5 nights, please.|When would you like to begin your stay at Hobson's House?
I would like my stay to begin on Saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ALSEXHLY.
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.|What day and around what time would you prefer to depart?
I need to leave after 17:45 on Saturday. I need the price, travel time and train ID of the route is possible.|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 18:21 and arriving at Leicester at 20:06. The trainID is TR6034 and the trip duration is 105 minutes. A ticket is 30.24 pounds.
Perfect, I will take that trip for 30.24 pounds. Thank you!|How many tickets will you need?
Actually, I am not ready to book them.  Thank you for your help, I am all set.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need information for a train leaving on friday after 15:15.|I'll be happy to help with that. Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|There is a train leaving at 15:29.
Perfect, can we book that for 2 people, and I will need the reference number.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  5EVEW0AE.
Where do I collect my ticket?|You will get that from the station.
Great, thanks! Can you please also recommend an expensive place to stay with free parking?|Sure, the Lensfield hotel is within your price range and has free parking. The number is 01223355017 and post code is cb21en. Have a great day.
I wasn't done yet, but thanks I will have a great day. Now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the north?|sorry. it is in the south.
Okay. So how about one in the north then, because that's what I want. If not, then try the centre. And don't try to book without my permission again please.|There are no hotels in the expensive range in the north.
I'm looking for Hotels in the center area of town.|Great. I have 3 options available for you. Is there a price range or star rating you prefer?
I don't care, but I'd like free parking.|I have the Gonville Hotel with free parking in the center that is in the expensive price range.
The Gonville Hotel is good. Can I book a room?|Yes I need to know how many people wil be staying and for how long and from when.
Does it have free wifi and what is the rating of the hotel?|They have free wifi and the rating of the hotel.
How many stars is the hotel rated?|The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. Can I book you a room?
Are there any museums close to the hotel?|There are 11 museums in the centre.
That's great, could you pick me one and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and address?|broughton house gallery is free entrance. The address is 98 king street and phone is 01223314960. Is there anything else?
I AM also looking for a place to stay|The Gonville hotel is nice. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
What is their star rating?|They have a 3 Star rating
Thanks, but I believe we are repeating ourselves. The hotel and attraction are all I need at this time. Goodbye.|Do you want hotel reservations?
Hey there. I think I need a vacation asap. You think you can help me find a 4-star hotel somewhere?|We have 21 places that meet your request, do you know if you want a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like to stay in a hotel and it should be in the east.|I have no hotels in the east. Would you like to try another area?
How about a guesthouse?|There are 6 guesthouses available. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference but I need it for 3 nights starting on Friday for 3 people.|The booking was unsuccessful would you like another day or shorter stay?
How about 2 nights?|I was able to book you at a and b guest house. Your reference number is QGABNRTX. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking.|What is your destination that day? Also is there a certain time you would like to arrive or depart by?
It should arrive by 8:30.|So you want to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30? Can you tell me where you'll be coming from?
I want to depart from broxbourne. Could I get a reference number please?|There are two choices, one arrives 6:32 and the second one arrives at 7:32.  Which one would you like and how many tickets do you need?
Please book the 6:32 train for 3 people and please provide me the reference number|The number is SPRQBYFB, is there anything else you need?
That's it for now. Thanks for all your help. Great service. Good bye.|The the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the city's center that is in th cheap price range.|I have several restaurants matching that criteria.  What type of food would you prefer?
I would like Mediterranean food please.|The gardenia fits that criteria would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you please reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on Saturday?|Sure thing here is the ref number QB8LCY5R.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.  Can you help me?|Definitely. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No, any area or price range will do. I just need free parking and wifi.|Acorn Guesthouse is nice do you want their info ?
Actually, could you book it for me for the same group of people for 3 nights?|Will you be arriving at the hotel before Saturday?
Please make the reservation for 3 nights starting Saturday, for 6 people.|Your booking was successful.  Would you like the reference number?
Well yes obviously I need the reference number!|Ok. Your reference number is : NVCVMFHF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all for today. Goodbye|Have a great day, goodbye!
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
I need it to be in the north, and be an actual hotel and free parking.|i recommend lovell lodge which has a moderate price range. its located in 365 milton road, cb41sr. phone number 01223425478. can i book for you?
Please book for Saturday for 2 people.|I'm be happy to book that for you! How many nights shall I book for you?
Yes please, I'll need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Sunday|I'm sorry, are we booking for Sunday or Saturday? You mentioned both days.
Sunday and if that fails can we do Wednesday? I will need the reference number and looking for a restaurant in the same area in the cheap price range.|Booking was successful for sunday. Your reference number is U44ODKGT. Do you need help with anything else?
Are there any good cheap places to eat in the same area?|Yes we have Royal Spice which is an Indian Restaurant and Da Vinci Pizzeria which is Italian.
Can you book royal spice for the same group of people at 16:45 on the same day?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XVHT7ZTH. Is there anything else?
No that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.|You are welcome. I can also help you arrange a taxi or train. I can suggest one of many diverse attractions. Are you interested?
I was looking for a specific restaurant, please.|I can help you with that.  Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it;s called The Golden Curry.|The Golden Curry is an expensive restaurant in the Centre of town, at Mill Road City Centre, CB12AZ. Their number is 01223329432. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people on Monday at 17:15.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you. If that one fails, Thursday would be good as well. Please provide the reference number. I also need a hotel, at least 1 star and include internet.|What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I do not mind the area. Just free wifi and I like to only have 1 star.|i can't find any hotels that fit your criteria, i'm sorry.
Can you find me a 4 star hotel then?|There are many! Would you like a hotel, or a guesthouse?
i prefer a hotel type.|There are three available. Two are expensive and one is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them in the Centre?|the university arms is in the centre, when are you planning your stay?
I would like to go to the hotel right after my reservation at the restaurant.|Okay, and what time would you like the reservation for?
The restaurant reservation is at 17:15|What day would you like to dine and how many people will be with you?
I have a restaurant reservation, I need a hotel now. 1 star hotel with free wifi.|I am sorry. There restaurant reservation was not completed. You are now booked at the golden curry. The reference number is 6EF50SVX. Do you want a hotel booked, too?
Yes 8 people, 4 nights on monday.|How many days will you need the booking for?
I will need it for 4 nights. Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please provide the reference number.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : OI8ROWNH.
That's all I need today. Thank you so much for all your help.|My pleasure. Do you need to arrange any transportation today?
No thank you that will be all|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking for places to go. Are there any good colleges to see?|There are quite a few for you to choose from.  Did you have a particular area of town you would prefer to spend your time in?
No, any area will do. Can you recommend one?|I sure can.  How about corpus christi in town centre?
Yes that sounds great. Can you give me the address for that college?|King's Parade, cb21rh. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, I just need help finding a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help with that. May I ask if there is a price range or area you prefer?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|We have 14 places matching your criteria. Lets narrow this down. Is there an area you prefer?
No, I'm really not picky.  j|How about the Acorn Guest House? It is in the north area and has 4 stars with free internet and parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.|i will book you and get back to you, you are welcome
Can I please get the reference number?|The reference number is T8N3WK5T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, Yes, I will need a taxi from the Acorn Guest House to corpus christi college. I also did not get the college address.|What time will you be traveling?
I would like to leave my hotel by 22:00.  Would you mind getting the college address for me?|The college address is king's parade cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can get for you?
Yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:00 and go to the attraction please.|For how many people?
Just the 4 of us|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07500369982.
Perfect. That's all I need help with. Have a great day.|You, too. Please call if you need anything else. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.|Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi.  Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.|I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Hello! I'm staying in Cambridge for the first time and I'm looking for places to go that are near me. Can you help me find multiple sports?|There is one multiple sports attraction in Cambridge and it is in the east area:  The cherry hinton village centre.
Bummer, are there any nightclubs in the city centre instead?|There are 5 nightclubs. Club Salsa is my favorite at 1 station road.
Great can I get the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee please?|It's 5 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a cheap place to stay while I am there?|No problem, do you want to stay in the centre as well?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of the 4 star range that offers free WiFi.|How does the alexander bed and breakfast sound? It's in the city centre. It has free internet and free parking.
It sounds good! Can you book for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday?|I have booked it, and the reference number is 4ARUOMK7. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub, I want ot leave the hotel by 13:30|Okay, look for a yellow honda contact #07601477512
Anything else I can do for you?
No that's alls I needed.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel Cambridge Belfry.|The address is back lane, cambourne. The phone number is 01954714600. Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the price range of the hotel?|The Cambridge Belfry hotel has a cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all, thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.|Which area of town will you be staying in?
I will be staying in the south can you book me a room and send me the reference number?|Absolutely the only hotel in the south is expensive, is that okay?
Could you look for something in the west?|In the wast I have huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry.
If it's in the west, I want it to be a 0 star hotel.  Is it?|No, it isn't. There are no 0 star hotels in the west but there are plenty more hotels I can recommend
Can you check for ones in the centre and have free parking?|The only place that I have in the centre that offers free parking and internet is a guesthouse called the El Shaddai. It is cheap and has 0 stars.
That should be fine. I also want some other places to go nearby.|There are many different types of attractions in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
I would like a architecture place to visit.|Sure, I recommend holy trinity church in the centre, admission is free.
Sweet could you give me their phone and address?|Their address is market street and their number is 01223355397. Do you need anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 15:45.|Where will you be going to?
the holy trinity church from the hotel please.|No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  What else can I do?
can i have the car type and the phone number for the taxi?|Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07826530117
Perfect! That's all I need. See you later. Bye.|Ok! Have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay on the north side of Cambridge.|I found 11 guesthouses matching your preferences.  Do you have a star rating you'd prefer?
4 stars, please, but still just moderately priced.|I have 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. Do you have any other preferences?
One with free parking would be great!|There are 6 guesthouses that match your criteria. If you give me your length of stay and beginning date perhaps I can narrow them down for you.
Great can I get the address of one and whether or not they have free parking?|Arbury Lodge at 82 Arbury Road has free parking.
Thank you.  Can you tell me if there is a train going to Norwich on Friday?|I have 19 trains departing for Norwich on Friday. Do you have a preferred departure time?
Yes, after 19:45 and departing from cambridge please.|Okay, the TR4885 train leaves at 20:36 and arrives by 21:55. Would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will work. Can you tell me the price, travel time and confirm the arrival time please?|My apologies, the train ID is actually TR4886, it costs 17.60 pounds per ticket and is a 79 minute trip. The train arrives at 21:55.
Okay, thank you for your help!|You are welcome, what else can I do for you today?
Nope, that's everything. You've been very helpful.|Thank you very much! I am glad i was able to you find everything you needed. Have a wonderful day and I hope you'll use our service again.
I need a two star room, free parking included.|Yes I have two options in the north and on in the east, any preference?
No preference, either will do.|ashley hotel in Northe part of town
Yes I need it for 5 nights from Tuesday for 6 people.|I'm sorry but that booking did not go through. Shall I try another hotel for you?
Yes one in the same price range.|I was able to book you at express by holiday inn cambridge, your reference number is MSGBHKWK, is there anything else that I can assist with?
No thank you. That will be all.|Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I will. Have a nice day.|So happy I was able to help. Good-Bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called finches? It's a bed and breakfast.|There were no matches found.
I need to book a room for 4 starting on thursday for 4 nights called finches please. It's a bed and breakfast.|Unfortunately, I am not finding a match for a business by that name. Would you like me to try and find another place?
No let me call back,maybe I have the wrong name.|What else can I do for you?
I stayed at Finches last year.  Can you please look for it again?|I was able to find the hotel but the booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other hotel you'd like to try?
Do you have another hotel in that same price range?|The cambridge belfry is in the same area and the same price range. It's rated 4 stars.  Should I try to book it?
Yes please and give me the reference number.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is UQMLOG0I.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|And thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Yes, I am looking for a nice place to stay while in town. The hotel doesn't need to include internet but I'd like it to include free parking if it's available.|There are 29 places matching that, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I would prefer the moderate price range please.|That narrows your choice to 14. Is there a type of hotel or location you prefer?
I am looking for one with a moderate price range possibly with free Wifi|The Ashley Hotel is in the north end and has a 2 star rating.  Would you be interested in staying there?
Yes,can you book me a reservation ?|Of course! When would you like to stay?
We will be there wednesday, for 4 nights. I need a reservation for 7 people.|The Ashley is unavailable. I can book you at Lovell lodge though.
Okay let's try that and please get me a reference number.|Your booking was successful and your Reference number is 6Y6KP7A2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need the address of the hotel, please.|Their address is 365 milton road. Would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, please. That would be great in case I get lost.|The phone number is 01223425478.
That's all I need. Thank you very much for your help!|Happy I could help. Bye!
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.|Yes, I have two guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like to stay in the north or centre?
Do you have anything in the east?|There is nothing in the east with zero stars and free parking. Do you want to change the star rating or other criteria?
No can you please check in the north instead then?|The city centre north b and b meets your criteria. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation on Saturday for 6 people and we will be staying for 2 nights.|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another hotel?
Yes i would like something in the same pricerange.|Nothing else is available on the cheap side. Something else perhaps? I am sorry.
You can change any other criteria, but the price range should be the same as the city centre north b and b. Please try again.|Booking was successful at worth house. Reference number is : E2KQ4G5L.
That's great. Thanks. Do you have their address?|The address is 152 chesterton road.
OK, I'm all set here. Thanks for your help.|Enjoy your stay at the worth house. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 20:00|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be heading in from Leicester on Thursday.|Okay, TR0363 departs at 09:09. Would you like me to do book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|How many tickets will you need?
I just want to know the price of the ticket.|The price is 37.80 pounds per ticket
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. It doesn't need to have free wifi.|Did you have a price range in mind?
No, it doesn't matter.|what is the price range?
Cheap price range and free wifi|I have the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane it meets all your specifications. Would you like reservations?
No thanks, just needed the address. That's all for today thank you!|Well, then you have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. Can you help me with that?|You're in luck, I have 9 guest houses available in the cheaper price range. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Does not matter but I do need free wifi and and a star of 0.|There are two guesthouses that meet your needs: city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre. Would you like to book one of these?
North B and B sounds nice. Could you book this for me?|How many people are in your party and when will you be staying?
There will be four people.|And how many nights will you be staying? And what day are you arriving?
I'll be arriving on Saturday and staying 3 nights.|Your reference number is IREQ1EKT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train. It should leave Bishops stortford after 12:15, going to cambridge on saturday.|The first train after 12:15 is TR5108 which leaves at 13:29, does that work for you?
Sounds perfect. Please book me enough tickets for the same group of people. Thanks|Your train tickets are all booked! Your reference number is KOOYDYFY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we increase the amount of people to 8?|No problem, the fee is 64.64 and reference number is B5JCS4TL.
I think that is it, got bookings for hotel and train.|Would you like me to look up anything else for you today?
Nope. That's all. Bye, thanks.|Thanks for calling Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi, could you find me a guesthouse that includes wifi?|Sure, what area of town are you interested in?
The area isn't important but we also need free parking.|I have 21 guesthouse. Is there a certain area or pricerange you would prefer?
That one sounds good.  Can I book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting Saturday?|I was able to book acorn guest house, reference number is SM1GU7E5
Thanks. Sound like a great place. Can you help me with a train to peterborough.|What day are you wanting to go? Is there a certain arrival or departure time you're looking for?
I want to leave Cambridge on Monday after 13:15.|The first train leaving after 13:15 is the TR3066, departing Cambridge at 13:34, arriving Peterborough at 14:24. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train, or keep looking?
yes. please reserve seats for 8 people|I was able to book 8 train tickets for you at the price of 132 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 66HG2U6U.
Thanks so much. Thats all I need.|Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?|Cityrooms is the one moderately priced hotel in the area.   It has free wifi but no free parking.  Would you like me to book you?
No thank you, I'm just looking for now. That's everything I needed.|Very good.  If we can be of more assistance please let us know.  have a good day!
Is Cityrooms 4 stars?  I'm sorry I forgot to specify, but I do require it.|It isn't, and unfortunately I don't have a hotel that matches that criteria.
Okay, how about one in the cheap price range?|I have the alexander bed and breakfast or el shaddai. Which would you prefer?
Alexander Bed and breakfast, can I get the address and hotel type please?|alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for scudamores punting co, what  attraction type is it?|It's a boat attraction in the centre area. Do you want their phone number?
No, I just need a taxi to get between the two places.|Sure. What time would you like to leave and from which destination?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:45 please.|Your car is a black tesla contact number 07908996217
Will that be all?
Excellent. That's all i needed.|I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! See you soon!
Hi. I'm looking for a train going to Kings Lynn on Monday.|I have 19 different options. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
I would definitely like to arrive by 14:45 at the latest.|There are 9 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on departure time?
No. I just need to arrive by 14:45. I would also like the price.|I have train TR0793 that departs at 13:11 and will get you there by 13:58. Do you think that would work? Oh, and the price is 9.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes parking|There are 29 options available.  What area of town do you prefer and what is your price range?
I would like one in the expensive price range and needs to include free parking.|I would recommend the Gonville Hotel.  It is in the centre of town and is an expensive offering with free parking.
Does it have a 4-star rating by chance?|No, Gonville has a 3 star rating.  Can I help you make a booking there or would you like more options?
Are there any 1 star hotels meeting those requirements?|No there are only 3 and 4 star. Would you like one of those or would you like to keep looking?
I guess the 4 star would be better. They have internet, right?|University arms hotel is a 4 star hotel with internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, just the phone number if you have it.|Of course! The phone number is 01223351241. May I help with anything else?
No that is everything. I need thank you for your help!|Enjoy your stay. Goodbye
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the north and should be in the type of mutliple sports|I have nothing matching what you are looking for. Perhaps another area or another attraction?
I want to stay in the north. Are there any attractions with boats?|riverboat georgina has nice boats. Are you interested ?
I would like their phone number, entrance fee, and address.|they are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house,cb43ax. or call them on 01223902091.
I also need a hotel. One with free wifi and not too expensive.|If you want to stay in the north, the Acorn Guest House is moderately-priced and quite nice. If you want cheap, I recommend Worth House.
Okay let's try the Acorn Guesthouse.|Okay. Would you like to book a room at the Acorn Guest House?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I would be happy to book the Acorn Guest House for you.  Can you please tell me the day, length of stay, and the number of people.
I actually won't need a booking. Can you tell me the star of the hotel and if they offer free parking?|The Acorn Guest house is a beautiful 4-star guest house. They do offer internet and parking. Would you like me to provide their contact information for future reference?
No, thank you. Could I get the entrance fee of the Riverboat Georgina?|I am sorry I do not have that information, I can give you their phone number if you would like.
Yes the phone number would be great.  What are their hours?|The phone number is 01223902091.  Their website is vague, I'm afraid you'll have to call them for their hours.  What else can I help you with today?
no that is it for now thanks|You're welcome. Have a good visit.
I'm looking for a guesthouse rental that has free parking.|I have several options do you have a preference for what side of town you stay in?
No, but it should have a star of 4.|You should enjoy the acorn guest house. It has a 4 star rating and parking. It's located in the north. Their number is 01223525725.
Would you book it for me, please. There are 3 of us staying for 5 nights.|What day will you be checking in?
We will be checking in on Tuesday.|Sorry no rooms available. How about another hotel?
Can you try another hotel in the same price range?|I've booked Archway House for you.  It's located at 52 gilbert road. Your reference number is F11WA5CB.
Thank you for your help.  That will be all for now.|Glad I could help and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant that is high end chinese.|I've found 9 high end chinese restaurants. Is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the south.|I have two, how many will be dining with you?
Which one would you recommend? I don't need a reservation, just the address and phone number.|I recommend the peking restaurant the phone number is 01223354755 and there address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
Great I also am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the south part of town too.|Sure I have several choices for you. Do you have a price range preference?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|I found one hotel, The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they also have internet available?|Yes, internet is available.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Okay great. Thanks I will.
Have a great day too. Goodbye.|Goodbye! I hope your day is great.
I need a hotel in the south|The lensfield hotel is in the south. Do you want me to book it for you?
does it include free parking?|Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have parking.  Would you like me to book it?
Thank you goodbye|It's been my pleasure. Have a great stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for the university arms hotel. Can you give me more information about it?|The University Arms is an expensive, 4 star hotel in the city center.
great, please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from Friday|Your reservation for 6 people has been made at the University Arms for 5 days beginning Friday. Your reference number is WGV0Q6KV. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, what is a good place to see in the centre of town?|I found a few places do you want a free entrance fee?
No, I do not mind paying an entrance fee.|There are 44 places that meet your criteria, what type of attraction are you looking for?
Please pick your favorite one and then tell me the type, fee, and phone number associated with it|Old schools is an architecture	in the centre, phone is 01223332320, post code is, cb21tt and address is Trinity Lane, it is free to enter.
Great, thank you so much for the info. That will be all, goodbye.|Have a wonderful time.
I need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. Any places to stay?|We have many hotels that fit your needs, is there a specific area you're looking at?
something that has free wifi|Acorn guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book your stay?
Do they have free parking? What area is it located?|It's in the north area and they do have parking.
Excellent. I also need a train to ely.|Are you sure you don't need me to book your hotel for you?
Can you help with transit information?  I need to go to ely by train on Sunday and need to arrive by 09:00 departing cambridge.|We have TR2475 that leaves cambridge at 07:50 and arrives ely by 08:07.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds perfect.  Can you purchase 7 tickets for me please?|That has been booked. Reference number is : FSUGM4NQ.
Thanks, that's all i need!|No problem. Good bye!
I'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge  and leaves on friday.  Any ideas?|From what station will you be departing?
I'd like to leave from london kings cross.|There are 10 trains travelling from London kings cross to Cambridge Friday, what time would you like to leave/arrive?
I need to leave after 14:45. I would like the arrival time and travel time for this journey as well.|TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive 51 minutes later at 16:08. Do you want to make a reservation?
yes. also find a  hotel in the north and should be a 4 star|Let's take care of the reservation first. How many seats should I book?
I don't need a reservations right now.   I do need information on a hotel that has 4 stars in the north in the moderate price range.|There are 2 that fit your criteria, Ashley hotel comes highly recommended.  Shall I book you a room?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Certainly. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights?
Please book for 3 people and for 4 nights starting Friday. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4SQR2CJB. Anything else I can help with?
No that is it. Thanks!|Okay, great! Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi.|There are 29 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have an area or price range that you prefer?
Not necessarily, but I am looking for a 4-star hotel. Does that narrow it down?|There are still a fair number of selections to choose from. How about the Allenbell? It is a budget-priced guesthouse that fits your criteria. Its location is 517a Coldham Lane.
Are you sure it is four stars? If so, could I also have the postcode please?|Certainly, yes the Allenbell is a 4 star hotel and their postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No thank you that is all!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Is there a cinema in the North?|There are no cinemas to the North.
Is there a museum to the North?|There are no museums in the north but there is a park, would you like information about it?
No thank you but I do need a place to stay that has a star of 4 and in the moderate price range|There are several guesthouses available, Acorn guesthouse is highly recommended.  Shall I book a room for you?
Actually, I was looking for a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that match your preferences.
How about a cheap one then I am not picky|The only thing I have that meets your criteria is a guesthouse called the Worth House. It is 4 star rated, in the north and cheap.
I really want a hotel. Are there any cheap ones in town?|How about The Cambridge Belfry, in the West part of town?
That will be fine.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I need a reservation.|Thank you, I need to know the number of days, people and when you want to check in.
I'm looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.  Can you suggest something for me?|I'm sorry, I'm afraid that I can't. If you're open to exploring other parts of town there's Funky Fun House in the east, and several others as well.
What is the entry fee?|i'm not sure what the entrance fee is but i could give you their phone number
That would be great. Can you also give me the postcode?|Okay, the phone number is 01223304705 and the post code is cb58hy. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you give me information on Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|It is an expensive hotel located in the east side of town with a 2-star rating. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll be arriving on Saturday with my lady friend and staying 2 nights.|Booking was successful your reference number is 1BUWNWOF. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Nope.  That is all I needed.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Will I be able to get out of Cambridge by train on Thursday?|Did you have a destination in mind?
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by 10:30|TR125 leaves at 9:01 and arrives by 10:01, would you like to book this one?
Yes please book it for  8 people.|I apologize - that is TR2125. I have booked it for 8 people. Your reference number is  A2J4EAIR.
I need a place to stay as well. Preferably a 4 star hotel.|There are three hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further or would you like a recommendation?
I would like a hotel, not a guest house. Are any of those actual hotels?|yes, when were you planning your stay?
I haven't decided yet but I would love a hotel that offers free wifi, not worried about parking though|All three ofter wi-fi. Two are in the west, one is in the centre. Two are expensive, one is cheap. Do you have a preference in those regards?
Ill take either of the expensive ones. Pick whichever sounds better to you|I have the university Arms hotel available that meets all of your requests, what dates would you like me to book for you?
Can I just have the address and postcode?|The address is regent street and the post code is cb21ad.
Thanks, and which part of town was this one in?|It's in the Centre part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Great.  That is all.|Thank you, have a great day!
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to their restaurants. I need a place to stay while I'm there.|What hotel type are you interested in ? what area will you be staying in?
I need to find a place in the east side and the pricerange should be expensive.  I also need free parking|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge would fit all of your needs.  It's a 2 star hotel and offers free internet.
Perfect. I need a room for 3 people, two nights starting from wednesday.|The booking was successful. Here is your reference number: 6DAJ8EHD
Thank you for helping me.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on expensive restaurants with creative food.|I'm sorry I don't have anything like that available. Is there another type of food that interests you?
how about north american food?|Yes! How about Gourmet Burger Kitchen?
As long as it is expensive. Can I just get the postcode, address, and area for that?|Sure!  The phone is 01223312598, the postal code is cb21ab and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Cool beans, bro. Thanks for your help. Laters.|Would you like me to make reservations at gourmet burger kitchen for you?
I don't think I need reservations today. That is all I need help with thank you.|Sounds good, thank you for your time.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in while I'm in town.|Do you have a preferred section of town?
Not really, but I want free wifi and it should be 4 star.|I have several places. Are you sure you do not have an area you prefer?
It doesn't matter which area it's in. Which would you recommend?|A lot of people like Autumn House in the east part of town, they're very economically priced. Would you like me to book you a room?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 4 nights starting tuesday?|I am afraid the hotel could not be booked. Is there another day you would like to book or maybe a shorter amount of time to stay?
Could you try it for 2 nights instead?|The booking was successful! Your reference number is PBU17G6I. Can I assist you with anything else?
No that is all I needed thank you very much! And enjoy the rest of the day!|I'm happy to help. Have a nice day too.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves austrian food.|Unfortunately there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Any other kind of food you might consider?
If you don't have any restaurants that serve Austrian food, do you at least have any restaurants in the cheap price range?|There are two restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. A Chinese restaurant and a Protugese restaurant. Are either of these okay?
Portuguese sounds great.|Excellent. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I need it for 4 people at 15:00 on saturday please.|Alright, I was able to book you a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:00. Your reference number is M9SA1TCA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of Alexander Bed and Breakfast, can you help me find it?|Sure. The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a gueshouse located in the center of town. It's address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you I need to book four people for 2 nights starting saturday|Ok I've got you booked for 4 people for 2 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is H1VE80W2. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a taxi to commute between two places that arrives by 15:00. With the contact number and car type.|What is your departure site and what is your destination?
The hotel you just booked for me, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and restaurant you booked, the Portugese restaurant.|No problem. I've booked a yellow volkswagen for you. The number is 07168534241.
Great thanks! I believe that is everything I need for today. Good bye!|Have a great day!
I am looking to get some information on the acorn guest house.|I have the info for that place, what would you like to know?
Is there a room available for a five night stay beginning Friday?|Sure, I'd be happy to. How many total people will be staying with you?
Just for 1 person, thanks.|I'm sorry, but there seems to be no rooms available. Could I interest you in another hotel?
Yes in the same price range, please. Include reference number.|What area are you looking to stay in ?
I would like something in the area of the acorn guest house.|Okay I was able to get you into the Archway House and it is also priced moderately. Your reference number is WT39VB7L.
Yes thank you that is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful week at Archway and please contact me if you need anything else.
I am looking for a place to eat that is cheap.|What type of food are you interested in?
I'd like some Italian food.|La Margherita is a great (and cheap!) Italian place on the west side of town. Would you like a table there?
Yeah. Can I get one for 8 people on friday at 14:30 please?|Absolutely, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I definitely need the reference number. Thank you.|Great, you are all booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 8ON7IKVZ. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
Well now that you've asked, I would like some information about the kirkwood house hotel|It is a moderate price range with internet and parking. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I nee to book a room Friday. for 3 nights, 8 people. I'll also need a reference number.|your booking was successful and reference number is 8ON7IKVZ
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places,|What is your departure and arrival sites and times?
Have the taxi pick us up at the Kirkwood house at 14:00 and at the restaurant at 16:30.|Your taxi has been booked from Kirkwood House to La Margherita at 14:00. You will be picked up by a yellow tesla with contact #07403061771.
Sweet, thanks a lot for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|There are 14 hotels for you to choose from. Is there a particular part of town you want to stay in?
No preference on the area, but I would like it to be a guesthouse, please.|I can book you at the acorn guesthouse if you would like! How many people will be joining you, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights from friday.|I was able to book your party of 3 into Acorn Guest House for 5 nights starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is F2T8JUVW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Friday leaving from Peterborough to Cambridge.|There are 38 trains traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Friday. Is there a particular time frame you are needing?
Yeah, could it leave after 21:30?|Sure! TR4017 leaves at 21:48 and arrives by 22:38. Would that work for you?
Yes, could you please book it for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Q2D4MZMU. Can I be of any further assistance today?
I believe that is all I needed. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Can I get some information on a train?|Yes. Is there something specific you are looking for?
I'd like a train to depart at 9:30 in Cambridge.|i recommend TR1006.  it goes to london kings cross and costs 19. 51. can we book?
how long is that train ride?|It is 51 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No but I do need help finding a particular hotel called the Gonville HOtel.|Gonville Hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre of town with free internet and parking. Would you like more information or to book it?
I'd like to book it. Can you book it starting Sunday night for 5 nights. I need reservations for 6 people.|Ok, booking was successful! Your reference number is 5X759ZBR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You took care of everything, thank you so much.|You are very welcome.
Actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the North end that offers free parking|There are 11 to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Oh, wait. I think maybe a guesthouse would better suit our needs.|How about the arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds to be a good one. May i please have their address and description of the location?|The Arbury Lodge is located in the north part of town, at 82 Arbury Road. Do you want to make a reservation?
Actually, right now, I just need to have the address.  Also, I need to find a restaurant.  Expensive with northern European food.|The address for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is 82 Arbury Road. There are no expensive North European restaurants in Cambridge. Do you want to change the food type?
How about an expensive Korean restaurant?|little seoul has great food, when would you like the reservation for and for how many?
Six people at 17:45 on Wednesday would work great.  Can I get a reference number please?|The reference number is R20I7FP5 do you need help with anything else?
I also need to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the hotel.|Do you mean from the guesthouse to the restaurant?
Yes, excuse me. Can you please book a taxi that will arrive there by the reservation time?|Ok, I've booked you a taxi. It will be a white toyota, with the contact number	:	07693044050
Great, thank you so much!  That's everything I needed.  Have a great day!|great day and thanks for inquiring from us
It was my pleasure. thanks a gain.|welcome all the time
I've really got to go. I am late for work. Goodbye.|I'm so sorry about that, it looks like someone left the phone off the hook, i'll hang up now. good bye.
I'm looking to book a place to stay while in town.  I want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the centre.  Can you give some suggestions?|I have 2 wonderful hotels in that area. Both offer free internet and parking. I have the Gonville Hotel and the University Arms Hotel. How do these sound?
Is one of them a guesthouse?|No, they are both hotel types.
I really need a guesthouse can you find one for me please?|Would you like me to try to search in a different area for a guesthouse for you?
No, I'd like one in the centre.  I could change it to a cheaper price though.|There is none under that criteria,do you want to try a different area
I want an expensive place to stay in the west side.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west that offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't really need internet, but that sounds like everything else I want.  Yes, I'd like you to book it.|OK, what is your arrival date, number of nights, and number of people in your party?
I will hold off on the booking today I think I have all I need|Okay, the phone number is 01480446000 for your convenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I would like to book the hotel for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Booking was not possible. Would you like to try a shorter stay, fewer rooms, or another day?
Yes, is 3 nights possible? Could I also please have a reference number?|Great, the booking was successful.  Your reference number is HJHE475H.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I would like to make reservations for my party to have dinner one night near the hotel. We would like to go to a restaurant that serves Indian food, if possible.|I see one moderately priced Indian restaurant in that area, and several expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one of the expensive places. Need to impress my guests, you know?|There are three expensive Indian Restaurants in that area. Can I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book it for the same 6 people at 12:30 on Sunday.|I was not able to reserve a table for you at that time. Is there a different day or time slot that you would like?
Yes, how about 11:30 instead? Please send reference number for the booking.|Great! I have a table for 6 people at 11:30 onSundar at Tandoori Palace, Reference Number 3BMGPAN3. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed!|Thank you, you have a good day!
I am looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me with this?|There are 13 hotels in the north. Do you want a guesthouse or a proper hotel?
I'm looking for a proper hotel, please. If it had free wifi, well, I wouldn't complain about that either.|The Ashley hotel is in the north and has both free internet and parking. Would you care to go here?
Yes, I want to  book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. May I also have the reference number?|Alright, your room is booked for the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights with 6 people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would like to have the reference number for the room booking please.|The reference number is 75625428.  Anything else?
Yes.  I want to check out a college in the centre.|Cambridge has many colleges in the center of town. Downing College is nice, and it's free to get in.
That sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode?|It's in the centre of town and it's at cb21dq.
I would now like to book a taxi from my hotel at 06;15 going to the college.|I have confirmed your taxi a black lexus will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07864379890. Do you need further assistance?
Actually, can I get the street address of Downing College before we go?|The address for downing college is regent street. Have a great day.
What kind of places are there to go to in the west?|There are museums, colleges, and entertainment. What interests you?
Oh! I bet my boyfriend would love an entertainment place. Can you tell me a little about those?|Whale of a time is a great place in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill, postcode cb238el and phone number 01954781018.
We are also needing a place to stay. It's preferable that it's also in the west and has a 4 star rating.|Okay I have 3 different options. Are looking for something expensive or cheap?
Nothing too expensive but at least a 4 star.  I'd like it to be in a guest house too.|Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap, 4 star guest house in the west area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Sure, we will have 5 people staying 2 nights starting Thursday, please.|Your room has been reserved. The reference number is : UP0KSPLW.
Are there any available rooms in the Autumn House?|Autumn house has a guesthouse. When are you looking to stay?
Maybe.  What is the star rating and price range on that hotel?|it has four stars and its cheap
I am also looking for Cambridge Contemporary Art.|Sure, I have found it for you. Is there anything you want to know about?
Can you give me their entrance fee and phone number?|no problem. Their phone number is 01223324222 and the entrance fee is free.
Awesome. Can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? I want to leave the hotel by 24:45.|You are all set. Your taxi would be a red lexus and you can contact them at 07614169632. Is there anything else I can help?
That's all i need. Thank you so much for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I would like to book at room at alexander bed and breakfast|Sure thing, just tell me what day you're arriving, how many days you're staying, and how many people are in your party, and I'd be happy to set that up.
Actually I just need a bit of information. What is the price range, star rating, and phone number?|It's a cheap 4 star guesthouse and the number is 01223525725.
Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need a guesthouse, free parking included.|ok, the acorn guesthouse is a great place. Located in the north and is moderately priced. They offer free parking and internet.
Is there any other guesthouses that don't have internet included?|No, unfortunately there are no guest houses that offer free parking but do not offer free internet.
Okay, what about one that does have internet?|I think your best bet is Acorn Guest House.  They fulfill your need for free parking and are in the north.
How many stars does the Acorn Guest House have?|The Acorn Guest House is rated 4 stars.
What is the address of the Acorn?|Acrorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15.|TR2420 train leaves at 15:00, may I book this for you?
Could you please book that train for 5 people and give me the reference number.|Sure thing, Reference number is : A4C2KF23. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.|Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.|Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.|We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I want a train departing from Cambridge, going to Ely. Saturday, arrival by 21:45.|The TR7349 train arrives at ely at 20:07. Would you like to book it or more information?
That's a good time. Please book TR7349 for 5 people, please.|All set! 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : H8XDA6RZ.
I am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 4 stars.|That leaves about 8 places to choose from. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yes, i need a guesthouse in the east please.|Okay! How about the Allenbell? It's cheap, 4-star, and has internet and parking!
Great! May I please have the phone number and postcode?|Postcode is cb13js, phone number is 01223210353, anything else that I can help with?
I got it.Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need information on a restaurant called saffron brasserie please.|Absolutely. It is an indian restaurant located in the centre. It is in the expensive price range.
I would like to book a table for 5 people at 17:45 on Wednesday. Also could you give me the reference number?|I was able to book you a table at the restaurant. It will be reserved for no more than 15 minutes. Is there anything else i may help you with?
Yes I'll also need a place to stay as well as a reference number for my reservation.|There are several guesthouses/hotels that are available. What price range are you looking for?
I am not looking for a specific price range but I do need it to have free wifi and free parking.|There are 25 lodging options that have both free WIFI and parking, do you have an area in mind to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse on the east side of town.|There are 5 such places. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, I'll take the address for the first one listed.|Sure thing - The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you!  That'll be all for today!|Alright, have a nice day.
Hello, could you help me with information on a train?|Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 15:45.|Great I have  tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.|the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?|Do you have a area of town you prefer?
East part of town please|There are three to choose from that are on the East part of town. They are all in the cheap price range. Should I recommend one?
Could you try to book me into one starting Wednesday?|How many nights will you be staying?
There will be three of us checking in on Wednesday and staying for two nights.|I have you booked at the Autumn House, and your reference number is 8CCY0VK0. Do you need the address or phone number?
Not at this time.  Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks.  That's all for today.|Have a great day and enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the west side of town.|There are two options available, which would you prefer cheap or expensive?
Either is fine. Can you book a room for 7 people for 2 nights? We'll arrive on Friday.|I do recommend huntingdon marriott hotel, but it is in the expensive price range. I want to confirm this is okay before booking.
That sounds great.  Thanks.|Your booking for a party of 7 arriving on friday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is DZ1T0E9N. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all.  Thanks for the help.  Bye.|Thank you, have a great day, goodbye!
Hi, i want to find out about the man on the moon attraction please.|the man on the moon is a concerthall found in the center of town. Do you need their address and contact details?
Yes can I get the postcode, and it's a concerthall you said?|Yes it is a concert hall and the postcode is cb12lf.
Excellent, I also need a cheap guesthouse, please.|Alexander bed and breakfast	is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
I need free parking and wifi.|Alexander B & B has both free wifi and parking. It also has 4 stars! Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, please. For 6 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday|I'm afraid I couldn't get you that booking. Would you like me to try another place or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights instead?|I'm afraid that booking was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try a shorter stay or another hotel or guesthouse?
Please try for one night.|I was successful in booking 1 night at alexander bed and breakfast on tuesday for 6 people.  your reference number is  R6FET1MJ.  Can I help with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|I'm pleased I could assist  you.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel that has free wifi|I have two hotels in that category. Both are expensive and have 3 stars each. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
Either one is fine. How about the South?|The Lensfield Hotel would be the place then. It's expensive, 3-star rated with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks, just getting information. That's all I need.|Okay.  Let us know if you need help booking!
Actually my wife says it's better to book it. Can you reserve it for 4 people for 4 nights starting from monday?|The hotel is booked and the reference number is H3MWAYDX. Your wife can sleep calm now.
fantastic! have a good day I will let you know!|enjoy your stay, bye!
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the expensive price range. Can you help me?|There are zero guesthouses in the expensive range. Would you like to explore hotels or other price ranges?
Ok. Can we look for something on the north side?|There are several moderately priced guesthouses in the North.  Arbury Lodge, perhaps?  It has a 4 star rating.
That sounds like a good option! Does it include internet? I won't be needing it during my stay, but I'd like to know.|Yes, the arbury guest house offers internet
Can you book it for me?|How many people and how many days would you like to book for?
Please book for 2 people, for 5 nights, starting from Wednesday.|I have you booked for a room on Wednesday, for 5 nights, for two people.  Your reference number is JHI0YPSS.  Would you like help with anything else?
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the same price range as the hotel|There are four! 3 in the centre, and 1 in the north!
I want the one in the north please|golden wok is what you're looking for, can i book it for you?
Yes, please book golden wok for 2 people at 18:45 on Wednesday.|Booked! The reference number is V9O804ND. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I also get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant please?|A blue tesla will be picking you up in time to arrive at the restaurant by 18:45. Their Contact number	is 07398063187. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i am  looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star and expensive|There are 2 4 star hotels in the area. Huntington Marriott Hotel in the west and University Arms Hotel in the centre.
I was hoping for something in the east with free wifi.|There are no hotels meeting these requirements.
Okay, can you check for one that falls in the cheap price range instead?|I have 3 guesthouses in the cheap price range, allenbell, autumn house and leverton house. Would you be interested in one of these?
Sure, I would like Autumn House and I need to book it for 8 people, 5 nights, and the stay starting on Wednesday please.|Okay your booking was successful! Your reference number is KDFTBEWW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit near my hotel. Any recommendations?|If you like museums, then I recommend cambridge artworks. It is free to enter.
Great, can you please provide the address.|The address is 5 greens road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Have a wonderful time.
Thank You. Goodbye!|Glad we could help, have a great day!
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called arbury lodge guesthouse|Would you like me to check availability for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse on a particular date?
book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
how about 1 night instead?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : NSVESB6H.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.|It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for some information about the Cambridge Corn Exchange.|Hello, the Cambridge Corn Exchange is a theatre located on Wheeler Street, in the Centre area. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, can I get the attraction type, the phone number, and the address please?  This sounds like it would be a great place!|It's a theatre on Wheeler Street; their phone number is 01223357851.
Thank you! I'm also looking for information on the Gonville Hotel.|The gonville Hotel is a 3 start hotel in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Would you like more information?
Yes please, do they offer free wifi and parking?|Yes, they offer free Internet and parking.
Thank you. That is all the information I need at this time.|Your welcome. Have a great day, goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel.|It is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
Thank you. Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Thursday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : QBQ6UVZ5.what else can i do for you?
I'm also looking for a train departing Cambridge and arriving at 8:30. Can you help out?|What day will you need the train and where are you traveling to and how many people will be traveling?
We would like to go to peterborough on Friday.|The TR9487 will reach Petersborough at 8:24 on Friday. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Booked it, your ref. # is IOEJEYMY
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you!
Can you give me info on four start places, It doesn;t matter if they have free wifi or not.|There are several 4 star hotels in Cambridge. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the city center. I will be driving there.|Do you have a star or price preference?
I would like a 4 star.|There's a hotel and a guesthouse that meet your criteria and since you're driving, both offer parking. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Could you book the hotel for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F4RNCHZA. You will be staying at the University Arms Hotel. Is there anything more I can do for you?
Looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel, possibly a concerthall.|There is only one concert hall in town.  The Man on the Moon is located in the centre.
Well I guess that's where I'll be then. Can you tell me the address and entrance fee?|Of course. The address is 2 Norfolk Street. I'm afraid that the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to leave the attraction please.|And where are you headed?
To my hotel.  I want to leave the attraction by 08:45 please.|The car will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07060826404. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed.  You were very helpful.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like a hotel while in cambridge. It doesn't need parking or internet.|We have a few choices to pick from, any preferences on pricing or area?
The price doesn't matter are there any 3 star places available?|the lensfield hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south and gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel in the centre
What is the price range and phone number of the gonville hotel?|The phone number is 01223366611. It is expensive.
Thanks!  I also want to ride on a boat, is that something you can help with?  I would like to do this in the south area of town.|No boats in that area, is there another location you have in mind?
Hmmm...how about a nightclub, instead?|There is the place their address is 22 sidney street and number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was there an entrance fee to that nightclub?|The entrance fee is not available. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 07:30.|Okay, I've got you book in a black lexus with Contact number 07490949646.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today. Good-bye.|Ok. I hope you enjoy your trip.
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|I'd love to help you with that! What day are you headed out?
Sunday. Sometime after 21:00, if possible.|There are multiple trains headed to cambridge sunday after 21:00. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from ely.|I have train TR4205 that leaves at 21:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:52. The price per ticket is 3.52 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
yeah, i need eight tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is  0V72HM78. Will that be all?
I also need a guesthouse located in the north.|There are several choices, but all are priced either cheap or moderate. Which would you prefer?
Are there any with a star of 4? I'd like free parking as well if that is available.|I have 7 entries that fit your criteria. 6 are moderately priced, and one is cheap. Would you like information about any of these?
Yes info on the cheap price range|Worth house is in the cheap price range and located at 152 chesterton road
Thanks, for now I just need their postcode and whether or not they have free internet.|They do have free internet. Their post code is cb41da. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's all. Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge with free parking.|There are 8 hotels that include parking. Is there a specific area or price range that you would like to stay in?
No, although I would like them to include free wifi as well.|I have several options. How about the Ashley hotel? It's in the north.
That will be fibne,I need you to book it for me|Ok, I need some information to complete your booking.  What day will you arrive?
Any day is fine after 7:45.|How many days will you be staying?
Lets not book the hotel. Can you help find me a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday that leaves after 19:45?|Shall I go ahead and book you for train TR0615?
Yes, for 4 people please.|Your train is booked and the total fee is 56.32 and the reference number is FW5RK2C9. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, can I get the area for the hotel as well please. Just wonder what part of town it's in?|The Ashley hotel is in the north area. What else can I do for you?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help!|The booking was successful! Enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. I definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Of course. There are two hotels in the north and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything to the west, preferably with a 4 star rating?|I'm sorry but nothing exists in the north with a 4 star rateing in the moderate price range. Could we try another area?
is there one in the cheap range?|No, there is not.
Oh goodness.  Can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west.  Cheap is fine.|The cambridge belfry is located at back lane, cambourne. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yeah book for 5 people|For how many days?
Will this start on Friday?|Ok i'm sorry but i'm confused. Would you like reservations? What day will it start? How many people?
I'm sorry for the confusion. I would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning Friday, at the Cambridge Belfry.|You are all booked and your reservation number is L76Y47ZV
Thank you for the reservation. I am also looking for a lovely park in north Cambridge.|I would suggest Milton country park.
What is the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223420060.
I also need a taxi between the two places.|Please give me the travel time, departure location and arrival location.
i want to leave the hotel by 4:30|What time do you need to leave the restaurant by?
I want to be pickup at at the hotel by 4:30.|Great your booking is complete. You will be picked up in a grey BMW by 4:30 at The Cambridge Belfry and dropped off at the Milton Country Park.
Do you have their contact number?|Their contact number is 07055906987. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called the place.|The Place is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.
Can you get me phone number please, thank you|Sure thing, that's 01223324600.
Thanks. I am also looking for a hotel room.|Yes what area would you like to stay in and what price range are you considering?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and doesn't need to include internet.
The hotel doesn't need to have free parking. price doesn't matter.|How about the Cityroomz?  It's a hotel in the moderate price range.  It's located at Sleeperz hotel, station road.  Would that work?  Can I book it?
I don't need you to book it thank you.|ok, anything else i can help you with?
Sorry, I am changing my mind. Please book Cityroomz for 4 nights starting on Saturday, for 8 people. Thanks.|You have been booked for Cityroomz. Your reference number is HAGWQ5KE.
Thanks a lot for all your help!|you are welcome all the time
okay goodbye|Bye! I hope you have a lovely stay!
Can you help me out with some information on a specific hotel?|Of course, could you please give me the name of the Hotel you are looking for?
I'm looking for the Express by Holiday Inn.|This hotel is on the east side of town, rated 2 stars, and in the expensive pricerange. Do you need more information or can I book a room for you?
Thank you! Please book a room for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Friday.|Okay, I was able to get you the booking. Your reference number is SQ6GX5Q5. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant called the rice boat.|Rice boat is an expensive Indian food restaurant in the west, located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you book me a setting there for the same group and day at 17:30?|I certainly ca. Your reservation number is ZK68BCKQ.
thanks, i also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant. can you help?|you will be riding in a grey audi and the contact number is 07939088518
Okay great thank you.|Have a great day!
I need to find a really cheap hotel can you help me find one?|There are 10 really cheap hotels I've found. Is there a certain area you're looking for?
I need to find a hotel in the west that has free wifi and located in the west please.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel that should meet your needs.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, can you book that for friday for 3 nights?|I'd love to - how many people in your party?
There will be 5 of us.|I booked you a room with reference number 39RB6I37.  Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I am also looking for a cheap, italian restaurant near the hotel.|I have two near the hotel, the la margherita is very cheap. Would you like me to reserve it?
Can I please get the address for it?|Yes, of course. The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, but I do want to book a taxi to go between the restaurant and the hotel, leaving the restaurant by 19:00.|Ok, I have reserved a taxi for you leaving the restaurant at 19:00. It will be a red Volvo, and the contact number is 07540782675. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Yes I am looking for a hotel on the North side of town. I am not needing parking.|There are two guesthouses meeting your requirements. Would you prefer the 3 or 4 star one?
I need it to be moderately priced with a 2 star rating. Are either one of them fit this description?|Both hotels are moderately priced, but there are no 2 star ratings. Do you want to try a different rating?
Are there any with 2 stars that offer free parking?|Yes, there are two guesthouses available with free parking, one with internet and one without.  Do you have a preference?
I would like one without the internet.|I'm sorry, there has been a mix up. There are two 2 star hotels available, the Ashley and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels and have internet and free parking.
Let's go with Ashley. Book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.|Ok, I have booked your reservation at the Ashley hotel for 8 people 3 nights starting Saturday, Your confirmation number is P94ETSL1.
I'm looking to go someplace in town. Maybe for entertainment. Do you have any recommendations?|We have serveal entertainment attractions. Would you like to try the funky fun house?
That sounds funky. Sure.|The number there is 01223304705 and it's on 8 Mercer's Row.  Anything else?
What's the entrance fee?|I have no information in my system about their entrance fee.  You are welcome to call them and see if they can provide you with that detail.
I will need a taxi to take me from the Funky Fun house to my hotel.|I would be happy to help you get a taxi, what time would you like to leave funky fun house?
I want to leave by 01:30.|I was able to book a taxi for you from Funky Fun House to Ashley Hotel. It is a white BMW and the contact number is 07616230310.
okay, that should be all! thank you so much for your assistance!|It was my pleasure to assist you. Call us again anytime. Have a good day.
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.|Do you have any other preferences, such as a price range or a particular part of town?
Indeed I do. I'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. The hotel should have a 4 star rating.|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a match! Would you like me to book a room?
So that's a hotel and not a guesthouse? And do they have free parking?|Yes, it's a hotel that has free parking. Should I make a booking for you?
No thank you.  I also would like a place to go in town.|I see many art galleries and museums in that part of town, do you have a preference for one over the other?
I am looking for a college.|There are several colleges,what part of town would you like ?
It doesn't matter, pick one for me?  I'll just need the address.|Okay, I suggest clare hall. It is in the west. The address is herschel road. Entrance is free.
Thanks. Now I just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the Huntingdon Marriott and take me to Clare Hall. I'll need car type and contact number|Your car is booked. The care type is a blue toyota. Your contact number is 07372726556
Thank you. That is it for now.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I am trying to book a train.|What an excellent way to see the beautiful countryside. What other information can you give me?
I want to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Thursday after 09:45.|I see that there are 8 trains available. What about TR2715 that leaves at 09:59?
I would like price, please|Certainly. Any ticket on that route is going to cost 16.60 pounds.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 0 in the expensive price range.|There are no hotels in Cambridge that are expensive with a 0 star rating. Would you like to change either the price range or the star rating?
There's nothing in the north?|I do have City Centre North B and B in the north. It's in the cheap price range with 0 stars. Might that work for you?
Yeah, I think that would be all right.|Can I assist you with making a reservation there?
Yes please for 8 people, 5 nights starting Saturday.|unfortunately this b&b is booked for those dates, is there another day or shorter time that would work? Or should we search another area?
Are there in hotels in the north with a 2 star rating?|There are no cheap hotels in that area with 2 stars.  Can I check for a guesthouse for you or would you like another area?
I would prefer you to check another area, please.|I can not find anything that meets that criteria. We can change the price range or the star rating and search again if you like?
Can you search for one that is cheap in price then?|Nothing is rated 2 stars in any part of the city, what specifically would you like?
I need something in the cheap price range with other restrictions retained.|No matching records for that. How about we change the star rating?
Are there any cheap 0 star hotels in the north?|Yes, there is city centre north b and b, would you like me to book you?
Can you book that for 8 people for 1 night since 5 nights did not work earlier?|City Centre North B and B was available for Saturday night for your party of 8. Your reference number is D5Q373D5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be it. Thank you|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.|Sure! Do you have any idea what you want to do?
It doesn't matter.  I just need a phone number and entrance fee.|I would recommend Great Saint Mary's Church.  The phone number is 01223350914, and the fee is 2 pounds.
I also need a hotel with free wifi and e a 2 star|Three places meet your needs, but two are in the north and one in the east, did you want me to go with those or run another search?
It should be a guesthouse and very expensive|Nothing fits all of that criteria. Would you like me to find you hotels that are expensive, have more than 2 stars, and are guesthouses?
yeah, check hotels instead of guesthouses|Express by hoilday inn cambridge is a hotel in the easy, as 2 star rating and is expensive
Awesome. Thanks. Can you book that for me?|Sure, what day do you want to begin your stay? How many days do you want to stay and how many people?
Three people starting on saturday for four nights please.  I also need a reference number.|Your reservation for 3 people at express by holiday inn cambridge this Saturday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 3OTVBMSS.
That sounds great, thank you!|May I help you with anything else ?
Thank you for booking that hotel stay for me. That will be all for today.|Enjoy your stay, goodbye!
I'm looking for a restaurant called little seoul?|yes great spot. Would you like for me to book ?
Can you book it for me for 7 people at 11:15 on Saturday and get a reference number ?|Your booking has been successfully made. The reference number is K87KE3LM. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you! I'm also looking for information on a hotel called Huntington Marriott Hotel please.|it is a 4 star hotel located in the west. do you need me to book for you?
Yes i need it booked for our group for 3 nights.|What day will you be coming in and how many in your party?
We'll be coming in on Saturday and will be staying for three nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8N94VO8J
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a cheap hotel on the east side of the city. Can you recommend anything?|The Allenbell is a good choice for you. Would you like more information on the Allenbell?
Yes, does it have free parking?|Yes, it does! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need the address, postcode, and whether they have internet also.|Yes, the Allenbell has Internet. The address is 517a Coldham Lane and the postcode is cb13js. What are your travel details?
That's all I need for now.  I think I will wait to actually book a room.  Thank you!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Can you help me find a nice Asian restaurant to dine at in Cambridge?|I have several Asian Oriental places. Most are in the center, but there's one on the north side. Do you have an area in mind?
yes. it should be inthe centre and preferably expensive|Kymmoy is just what you are looking for at 52 Mill Road City.  Do you need me to book a table for you?
Yes please, 6 guests at 18:00 on Wednesday.|Your table is reserved at Kymmoy for Wednesday at 18:00. Your reference is CDHR89U2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thaks for helping|Well, thank you for calling!  You have a great day!
I'm most grateful. Oops! One more request! A hotel with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.|I have 5 hotels that meet your criteria. What area are you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't matter as long as it is a hotel type with parking and expensive|I am showing 5 options here. I personally recommend gonville hotel. Shall I book it for you?
Hello. I am looking for a hotel called gonville hotel.|the gonville hotel is an expensive 3-star hotel in the centre part of town. they have free wifi and free parking. should i book it?
Yes, I am looking for a booking for 8 people starting Saturday, please.|How many nights would you like to stay?
two nights starting from Saturday for 8 people.|I have that accommodation made for you, thank you!
i am looking for somewhere to go in the centre of Cambridge|Oh, I suggest my favorite!  It's Holy Trinity Church, beautiful architecture, and it's located on Market Street.  It's free.  Would you like their phone number?
No, Is that a museum or a church.|It's actually not a museum, but considered an architecture attraction. Were you interested in a specific type of attraction?
no. also find me  a hotel by the name warkworth house|The Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the East, it's moderately priced and rated 4 stars.  I would love to assist you in booking a room if you would like?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a room for Monday for 5 people, 3 nights?|Yes your reference number is 53LJQ4H6.
Thanks! Can you suggest to me something to visit that isn't a church or architecture? Maybe a museum or a park?|There are 5 parks in town. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I think we would like it to be in the centre of town please.|Cambridge university botanic gardens is a beautiful park. Its located at bateman street, costs 4 pounds to get in. Phone 01223336265, cb21jf. Will you need transportation? A train, taxi or bus?
Actually, I will need to book lodgings as well.|I have you at the Warlworth house. Would you like to change the reservations?
No. That's perfect! Thanks for your help. Good bye.|have a good day
Hello, is Panahar still serving lunch specials?|The panahar is open for lunch, to find out about their specials I would suggest calling them at 01223355012. Anything else today?
Yes can you help me book a hotel?|Yes what area or price range are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I don't need a hotel. I do need to make a reservation for a table at Panahar for Wednesday afternoon. Can you help me with that?|Yes, I'd be happy to help. So for Wednesday, how many people for the reservation and what time would you like?
I will need it for four people please.|Okay and what time would you like your reservation to be?
13:30, Wednesday, 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : V6IX8TF3. Anything else I may assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 2 star hotel with free wifi and parking.|i dont happen to have anything that meets your criteria. can i try something different for you?
Really? There are no 2 star hotels with wifi/parking in all of cambridge?|I have found 3 hotels matching your criteria. Two are in the North and one is in the East. Which area do you prefer?
east is find and I would need the postcode, and price range|It is called express by holiday inn cambridge, itis in 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park post cde is cb13lh
And what is the price range? Is it relatively cheap or pricey?|The price range is expensive.
I think I will hold off on booking for now.  Thanks for everything, that's all I need for today.|Let me know if I can help more.
Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?|Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by 19:30|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.|How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early.|What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09.  It's fine.  What is the travel time on that train?|The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes.  Would you like me to book this for you?
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.|The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?|There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
No price preference, whatever you recommend.|Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west with a 4 star rating. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book for 7 people for 5 nights starting from monday.|You are booked at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is LMAP8LOO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book passage on a train on friday, from cambridge to birmingham new street.|What time do you want to depart?
It needs to leave sometime after 15:45, and I'll need 7 tickets.|Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
nope, would just like it to leave after 15:45|Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ZTJU607W. Anything more I can help with?
That will be all. Thanks for your help! Bye!|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information.  I need to find some places to go in town.|I can help with that! Cambridge has lots of different attractions do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
it should be in the south.|how about tenpin? it's located in the south.
That should work then. Can I get their address and postcode please?|tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, posrtcode cb17dy.  I do not have fee information, but they can be reached at 0871550101.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|There is no option for me to book it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel to stay out in the moderate price range, it also needs to have free parking.|Well, I have a couple of choices for a moderate hotel. They're both in the north and have two stars (and free parking). One is the Ashley Hotel and the other is Lovell Lodge. Do you have a preference?
I'll do the Ashley Hotel. I need a room for 5 nights starting on Monday.|Great! How many people will be staying?
It's just me|So just 1 person?
Yeah, like I said, it will just be me staying.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is : 9AA41TBM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get from the hotel and the attraction.|When would you like to leave ashley hotel or arrive at tenpin?
I need to arrive by 21:45.|Booking completed! Lookout for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07652098253. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's everything for me. Thank you!|You are more than welcome! good bye.
I'm just looking for a hotel called Leverton House.|That's an excellent 4 star hotel. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they have free parking available?|Yes, it does have free parking.
Please give me information on the star rating and their number.|01223292094 is their phone number. it has 4 stars.
Can you also provide me with their address please?|Sure. Their address is 732-734 newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a theatre.  Possibly in the centre.|Sure, I enjoy The Cambridge Arts Theatre at 6 Saint Edward's Passage.  It is free, which is a plus.
Perfect, could I have the phone number please?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223503333.
I would like to  book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I want to leave the hotel by 05:45.|I have your taxi booked. It will be a black Audi and the contact number is 07242534266. Will there be anything else?
No,that is all. Thank you!|thank you goodbye
I'm looking for places to go see good architecture in the centre of the city.|There are 4 churches and a school with excellent architecture. Any preference?
Can you recommend one? I'd like the entrance fee and the phone number, please.|Old schools is nice. The phone number is 01223332320 and it's free to get it.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north? Can you tell me some hotels in the north?|There are two hotels in the north end. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
What is the cost per night?|They are both in the moderate price range.
If there are not any cheap hotels in that location then one of the moderately priced hotels will be fine.|There are two cheap guesthouses in the north, if you would prefer a guesthouse to a hotel. Otherwise, which of the two hotels would you like to reserve?
I need a hotel, so I will go with Ashley Hotel if it is in the moderate price range. I need to book for 5 nights.|Okay, how many people will be in your group, and which day would you like to begin your stay?
I will have 4 people. I want 5 nights starting from Sunday please.|I'm sorry, those days are unavailable. Can you perhaps shorten your stay or change the day?
How about 2 nights instead?|I've made a successful reservation for two nights at the Ashley Hotel. The reference number is GGM7TFLP.
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes indeed. Bye now.|Okay thank you for using our service.
I'd like to find a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street, please.|There are many trains that go to your desired destination, do you have a date and time your prefer to travel?
On Friday, after 9:15.|The closest train to that time would be the TR7057 and departs at 09:59, would you like to book?
Can I get the price and travel time for TR7057?|Their travel time is 88 minutes, and it costs 16.60 pounds.
I also need you to book me a room at alpha-milton guest house|OK, I can do that. Will it just be you?
What's the area at first?|The alpha-milton guest house is located in the north.  Can I help you make a booking?
No. I only need to know which area it's in. Thanks.|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is located on the north end of the city. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm all set thanks for all your help, bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 20:00|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be heading in from Leicester on Thursday.|Okay, TR0363 departs at 09:09. Would you like me to do book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|How many tickets will you need?
I just want to know the price of the ticket.|The price is 37.80 pounds per ticket
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. It doesn't need to have free wifi.|Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.|There are numerous hotels that match this criteria available. Do you have a specific area you'd like to stay, or a price range in mind?
No particular area but I need it to be cheap.|I found cheap guesthouses, is guesthouse what you are looking for?
I'd prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.|There's one.  The Cambridge Belgry in the west.  It has a four star rating.  Should I book it for you?
Yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting monday|I am sorry but it is not available for those times. Would you like to find another hotel?
How about booking it for 1 night instead.|I was able to book a reservation for 3 people for 1 night starting Monday, reference number D8UYVAY8.  Is there anything else you need assistance with?
Yes I need a chinese place in the cheap range|There are 4 in the price range you asked for: Charlie Chan, Rice House, The Lucky Star and the Golden house. Would you like more information on one of these ?
Can you reserve me a table that the Lucky Star on Monday for 3 people at 13:15?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 96VNO1G8.
Alright, that's all I need today, thanks!|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel. Something not too expensive...mid range? Oh, and I need free wifi.|Yes, I have three hotels that match that description. Two in the north and one in the centre.
I would like the one in the Centre.|The hotel is Cityroomz. It's address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. It has Internet and no parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Do any of those three have a four star rating?|No 2 have 2 star ratings and one has a 0 rating.
Not about to stay at a nasty hotel.  Can you find an expensive hotel with at least a 4 star rating that includes wifi?|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the center part of town and fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book it?
Let's go for that. Book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes, I would like to try a different hotel that is in the same price range.|I could book you at the university arms. It is in the centre area instead of the west. Would that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.|Alright. I have you booked at the university arms hotel, your reference number is: YSWJOMS1. Anything else I can get you today?
No thank you that is all I need.|Okay great. Well enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a hotel with one star rating and free parking, can you help me?|I'm sorry, I can't seem to find a place that fits that criteria. Can I find you something else?
I'm looking for a hotel and it has to be a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses in the city. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what section it is in. Are there any guesthouses listed that have a 4 star rating?|a and b guest house is a nice place, with a  4 star rating
I want a place to stay. Is there an expensive hotel? It doesn't need to include internet.|I have 5 expensive hotels, what part of town would you like to stay in?
If you have anything in the south that would be perfect.|I have the Lensfield Hotel in the south. It is rated 3 stars and offers both free parking and internet. May I book you a room?
not now but will come back laiter|No problem.  Can I help you with anything else at this time?
That is all I need, thank you.|It was my pleasure to help you today. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|I found nine cheap guesthouses.  Would you like to book at the Allenbell?  It has 4 stars and is in the east side.
Do you have anything on the North side?|There are two options on the North side, City Centre North B and B or Worth House. Would you like more information about either of those establishments?
I'd like to book Worth House for 2 people starting Sunday for 4 nights. Can I get the reference number please?|I was able to book the Worth House for you for 2 guests for a total of 4 nights. Your reference number is ZB2FS6W4.
Thanks so much, I appreciate the help.|You are certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for an Indian restauarnt in the same area as the guesthouse.|There are two Indian restaurants in the North, The Nirala, which has a moderate pricerange, and Royal Spice, which has a cheap pricerange. Which would you like to book?
Actually can I just have the phone number and address to The Nirala please?|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and it's phone number is 01223360966.
Thanks.  I will also need a taxi to take us back and forth to the restaurant at 17:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number?|I have booked you a blue volkswagen from worth house to the nirala at 17:45. The contact number is 	07301287073
Thank you for your help. That's all I need today!|You're welcome, goodbye!
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.|Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.|We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.|The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I'm looking for some kind of specific places to go later today.|There is so much to do here, what part of town are you in?
I'm in the centre.  How about something architecture?|We have 5 options for you. Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds and located on Market Square. I also have All Saints Church on Jesus Lane with free admission.
All saints church would be nice. Could I get a phone number for them?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223452587.
Can you locate me an Irish restaurant near the church?|I am not able to access that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a particular hotel, lovell lodge.|It's a 2 star moderately priced hotel in the north. Would you like the address and a room?
Can you book me a taxi from Lovell Lodge to All Saints Church? I want to leave by 07:15.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07250174829.
Thank you so much for all of your help.  I'm done now.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for a train leaving Sunday that's going to London liverpool street.|Where are you departing from and what day and time do you want to leave?
Need to arrive by 8:15,not sure when we depart ?|I have a train departing from cambridge on sunday at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Would that work for you?
Yes can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too please|Sure. The reference number is B15UKEYO. How else can I assist you?
I am also looking for a place to stay that needs free parking and in the north.|Do you have any preferences for the star or price range?
I would like something in the moderate price range and prefer a guesthouse.|There are seven guesthouses fitting your needs. May I recommend archway house which also has parking and wifi?
what star rating does the hotel have and what is the address?|Archway house is 4 stars and is at 52 gilbert road, do you want me to make a booking?
no, not at this time.  thank you.  Goodbye.|You're welcome.  Call us back if you decide you want to book that room.  Goodbye.
I am looking for hotel with a star five rating and free wifi|We don't have any that match that criteria. Would you like to widen your preferences?
How many stars do the expensive places have?|huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel both have 4 stars.  Would you like to book one of these?
Sure, lets try the University Arms Hotel.|Ok, how many nights would you like to book?
No, I don't need to book a room, I just need the address please.|Certainly. The University Arms Hotel is located on Regent street and their postcode is cb21ad. Is that all?
No, I also need a train leaving cambridge monday going to kings lynn please.|I have found 19 trains going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to be in kings lynn by 9:45 on monday.|I have found you a train leaving Cambridge at 8:11AM and arriving in Kings Lynn at 8:58AM. The train ticket costs 9.80 Pounds and the Train ID is TR3596.
Could you make me a booking for 1?|A booking for 1 on TR3596 departing Kings Lynn at 811 has been made. You can pay the 9.8 GBP at the station.
May I have the reference number for the booking please?|your booking code is 5MPLUDS6. can i help you with anything else?
That's everything, thank you!|It was my pleasure. Let me know if you need anything else, I'm happy to help!
I would like some information on places to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a guesthouse that includes free wifi, parking does not matter.|I have many options for you! Which area of town do you prefer? And do you have a preferred price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|I'd recommend Avalon. It's located in the north, is moderately priced, and has internet. Would you like to make a booking?
I would also like to go to a museum.|I recommend the Cambridge Artworks museum located in the East area.  The entrance fee is Free.  Would you like the address?
I'm sorry for jumping ahead. I do want to book the guesthouse starting Tuesday for 5 people staying 2 nights.|Great. You're all booked. The reference number is 7H3I38KW.
Thanks. Now could I get the phone number for Cambridge Artworks please?|Their phone number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town to kill a few hours.|Cambridge artworks is nice. It is located at 5 greens road, in the east area.
Okay, can you get a taxi for me? I want to depart the attraction at 12:00 and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact number|I have booked that taxi service for you. They will be in a yellow telsa and a number to reach them is 07644001089.
.
OK, great, thanks.  That is all.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a certain hotel. Could you see if you might have any info on it?|Sure thing! Can you give me the name of the place?
Yes, I'm looking for Hobson's House.|Yes, it is a guesthouse in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to know anything else about it.
Could I get the postcode please?|Postcode is CB39LH.  Anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.|I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after 21:00.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive.|TR8533 will leave Cambridge at 21:50. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.|The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?|Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.
i need a place to go which is in the south and should be in type of a park|You can visit Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway or Wandlebury County Park. Both are free to visit. Which would you prefer?
How about sheep's green and get me the address please.|sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is located at fen causeway, newnham road
I also need a place to stay. I think I'd like a guesthouse with free wifi.|I'd love to help you with this.  There are 23 guest houses in the area.  Can you give me any more information about where you want to stay?
The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.|What are would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter to me.|How about hobsons house? It's moderately priced and has 3 stars.
Is there free parking?|Yes there is. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, thanks. I'm just looking for the address, postcode.|Sure, it is at 96 Barton Road, postcode cb39lh.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful stay.
I'm planning a trip with an Arthurian theme. I've heard there's a hotel called Avalon there in Cambridge. Is that right?|Yes there is a guesthouse called avalon. Would you like any more information on that?
Actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?|You're all booked.
Is there a reference number for the hotel?  I also need a train to london liverpool street.  Can you help with that too?|Your Reference number is : EHNOQL7E. I can help with the train as well. Can you give me a little more information on your trip?
I need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but I can't leave cambridge until after 13:45|TR4466 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people.|Booking has been completed!  Your reference# is D6V5M769.  The total is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I'm looking for a guesthouse style place to stay. It needs to have free parking.|There are many guesthouses that meet this criteria. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the West|I have 2 guesthouses matching your criteria. The Finches Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is 4 stars and includes free parking and internet. Would you be interested in this?
I am looking for a guesthouse with 0 stars.|I'm sorry, I can't find a guesthouse that meets those specifications. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there one in the north?|Yes, the city centre north b and b is a zero star guest house in the north, with free parking and free wifi. Would you like it booked?
Not yet. Can I get the phone number for the hotel first?|Yes, the number is 01223312843
Could you tell me what price range that hotel is in?|city centre north b and b is priced as a cheap hotel.
I am looking for some places to go in the east of multiple sports. Can you help?|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Their phone number is 01223576412.
I need a taxi to commute between the two. Can you help?|When would you like to leave/arrive by?
I will be needing to leave the hotel by 16:45. Can you arrange that?|Certainly!  I have booked you with a red skoda, whose contact number is 07790176286. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great. That was all I needed.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|There are several in that priced range. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
I'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. What do you have available?|how about alexander bed and breakfast? they are lovely
Sure. Can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Saturday? I also need the reference number.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is GDS15VTZ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 19:30.|Where will you be heading and on what day please?
Going to broxbourne on Monday.|TR2292 leaves cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01, will that train work for you?
Yes, it will. Can you book 5 tickets for me please?|Okay, 5 tickets have been booked! Your reference number is 4VIS4L43. Can I be of any further help?
No thank you that is all I need today.|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the North with free wifi.|There are 5 hotels in the North that offer internet. Do you have a specific price range?
Any price range is fine but i do need free parking|How about the Ashley Hotel? It is a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free internet and parking.
That sounds great. I would like to book 5 nights for 1 person starting Thursday.|I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.|Great! I was able to get you into The Lovell Lodge for 5 nights and your reference number is RIECNLUT.
Thanks so much!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I have a business luncheon this week and need a place to host, preferably in the centre of the city.|There are plenty of hotels and guesthouses that would do the trick in that area. Do you have a price range?
I'd like it to be expensive.|I've found 2 hotels that fit your criteria. One is called Gonville Hotel and the other is University Arms Hotel.
Excellent.  Can I get the phone number for the Gonville Hotel?|Sure thing. Their phone number is 	01223366611 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of city and is expensive. Can you help me with that?|I sure can.  If there is a specific type of food you are interested in that would help to narrow down the possibilities.
I don't really care. It's for a business meeting so just need to make sure it's expensive so it's nice.|The Cambridge Chop House would be my recommendation, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also need the reference number.|First I'll need to know how many are in your party, and what day and time you'd like?
There are 4 people. I would like it to be on Monday and arrive by 15:15.|I was able to book your table. Your reference number is FFFW4HLE.
Great, I am also looking for an expensive range guesthouse in the same area.|No, we don't have any guesthouses that are expensive.
I need a guesthouse that is in the same area as the restaurant, centre, and has free parking, too.|I am sorry we have no guesthouse hotels in the centre of town. Would you prefer another location?
I needed it to be in that side. anyway thanks for your help|Are you sure you would not prefer another side of town?
Are there any hotels like that in that area?|We have two guesthouses in centre that are on the cheap side. The alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating. Would you like that one?
Yes please just book that hotel for me.|What day would you be arriving at the guesthouse?
I get into town Monday. Is the guesthouse expensive?|It is priced cheap. Would you like a different price range?
No the price range is fine. Just make sure it is in the same area as the restaurant.|Great, how many people do you want to book at Guesthouse and for how many days?
Sorry, I actually want an expensive hotel with parking in that same area|There is one option. It is the university arms hotel.
Okay, I want a reservation for 4 people starting monday, for 3 nights total|You are booked. Your reference number is PWFVG1HP
Thanks. Now I will be needing a taxi please. I want to depart from the hotel|What time do you want to leave or arrive by and what is your destination
I want to leave at 15:15 and go to the cambridge chop house|Booking completed! Booked red lexus and their contact number is 07732008521.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all I needed. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.|I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
I'm looking for a restaurant called ask. Do you know of it?|It is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Centre of town at 12 Bridge Street. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, we would like a reservation there for Thursday.|And at what time would you like to arrive?
16:15 for 4 people, I am also needing a hotel with a 2 star rating and in the expensive price range.|OK, I was able to make that reservation for you. Also, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge should fit your lodging needs.
I think you forgot to give me the reference number for my dinner reservation? Does the hotel have free wifi and free parking?|sorry about that, yes it has free parking and internet
I would like to book it for 5 nights for 4 people from Saturday please. I will need my reference number.|Your reference number is 9WCO5NO5, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant.|I have a black Volkswagen picking you up.  Your contact number is: 07517630654.
Great thanks! I need to get to work, so thanks again. Goodbye.|your welcome, have a nice day!
I am looking for a entertainment attraction in the centre of town.|I'm sorry I have no entertainment options in the center of town. Would you be interested in trying another type of attraction or area?
Yes can you look for a museum?|Yes there are 11 different museums in centre.  Are you interested in a particular type?
Can you tell me the different museums available?|What are you interested in?
Are there any that feature anything archeological items?|there is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology
That sounds great. Can you give me the phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223333516.
Can I get the postcode for the museum as well?|Of course. The postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need an insanely expensive hotel that has free wifi|There are 5 options available. Do you prefer a specific area or number of stars?
The highest rated one you have, I need 5 people booked for a 2 night stay starting saturday.|I have 2 options available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the University Arms Hotel in the Centre. Both are 4 star with internet and parking.
Can you book the marriott hotel for 5 people and 2 nights on saturday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5K1TGKMU.
i also need to use  a taxi|Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your travel destination, departure site, and time please.
I'll be going from the museum to the hotel. I'll need to leave by 09:30 please.|You are all set. Please look for a blue Toyota, which will arrive by 9:30. The contact number is 07988683424. Do you need anything else today?
that is all for today thanks very much|Any time, happy to help! Have a good day!
Hello, I'm looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the west.|We don't have any hotels that meet those specifications.  Would you like a different area, or perhaps a different star rating?
Can we try a 4 star rating instead?|Do you have a price range that you are looking for?
I do not have a price range just need a hotel booked for 7 people.|I'd recommend the huntingdon marriott hotel. If you'd like, I can see if they have an availability. What day are you arriving?
We'll be arriving on Friday, and we'd like to stay for 2 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LXZ3ERL8. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that was everything. Thank you for the help.|You're very welcome. Have a great trip.
Hi, can you help me find a moderately priced 3-star accomadation?|I have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars that are moderately priced. Do you need internet or parking?
I do not need internet.|I have 2 in the north and 1 in both the south and west.  Do you have a preference for location?
I don't, which do you recommend?|The hamilton lodge is in the north area and has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure, book it for 1 person and 2 nights, starting from Wednesday.|Okay.  You're booked.  Your reference number is 3A23GV4H.  Anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks!|Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
Hello!  I'm just planning my trip to Cambridge and need train schedules.|I'd love to assist you with that.  Where are you departing from, and when do you want to leave?
depart from birmingham new street ,I want to leave on Friday and arrive by 14:30|TR7040 arrives at 14:23. Would you like me book for you?
Book it for myself.|I'm sorry if I misread, but did you want me to book that TR7040 train ticket for you? If so, how many tickets would you like?
I'm sorry.  Yes.  Please book the train on Friday arriving by 14:30 for one person.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : QQFBZTYO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in the north, specifically, a guesthouse.|Super! I have a range of guesthouses in the north. May I recommend Worth House, rated 4 stars but cheaply priced? The guesthouse offers internet and parking.
Sure! Does it include free parking? If so I am looking for a reservation for 1 starting friday for 3 nights.|Your room at Worth House is booked, ref# 6HUOIUXC. They do offer free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you. Bye.|Thank you, please do remember you can contact us again at any time you need more help! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the city centre that has free parking.|I have 4 different places available to you. 2 are hotels and the other 2 are guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any that would be moderately priced?|No I'm sorry, I don't. Is there another price range you would consider?
No, I need it to be moderately priced. Is there a hotel with free parking in the north?|I have 7 moderately priced guesthouses and 2 moderately priced hotels in the north, all with free parking.
Great! Id's like information on one of the hotels please.|Do you have a further preference among them?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do. I'd recommend Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 chesterton road cb41da. The phone number is 01223353888. Would that work for you?
That will help, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all the info I needed. Thanks so much for your help.|You are welcome.  Good bye.
I need a train that is departing from Cambridge and is leaving after 12:15.|Sure, let's narrow down your search. What is your destination?
I need to go to Stansted airport.|Okay we have a lot of trains that meet your requests, is there a specific time you want to get to the airport by?
No, I just need to leave Cambridge after 12:15 on Tuesday.|How many people in your party?
I am not sure yet. What are the prices for tickets?|The cost per ticket for that train route is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you book any tickets?
no not at that time.Im also looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking in the expensive price range|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that match your request, would you like a hotel or a different price range?
How about moderate?|There are several options would you like to be more specific on what you need?
I have no more specific needs.  Can you select your favorite and tell me their area, if they have internet, and how many stars they have?|Bride Guest House is in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range. It is rated 3 stars and has free internet and parking.
Ok that's all the information I need, thank you for your time.|You're welcome.
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse in the center of town for 3 people and 4 nights.  I'd like wifi and free parking too.|The place that fits all your needs in the centre of town is Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is that place cheap?|It is cheap! Would you like to book a room there?
Can I get the address and star rating?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road in the centre.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an architecture type place in the west. Can you help me?|I can not find any attractions that meet that criteria. Is there another attraction type you want me to search for or perhaps another area
How about entertainment instead?|Whale of a time looks available if you'd like that
Yes that sounds good can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and address.|The phone number is 01954781018, the address is 'unit 8, viking way, bar hill', but I'm sorry, the admission price is unavailable right now.
Thanks, I would like a taxi from the two places too.|I have booked you a taxi from Alexander B&B to Whale of a Time. It leaves by 10:00 and arrives to Whale of a Time by 10:30. Is that good?
Yeah, can I get the contact number and car type, please?|The taxi will be a blue volkswagen and their number is 07623192315. What else van I help you with?
That should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!|Thanks for using our service.
I would like to find a hotel in the north that has free wifi. What are your suggestions?|What price range are you interested in ?
It doesn't really matter, but I would like free parking.|Is there a certain star rating you would like it to have?
Yes, I really like 4 star hotels.  If you find one, I'd like to book a room.|I have 7 available guesthouses in the north.  I would suggest Home from Home it is a great guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
I prefer a hotel, not a guesthouse.  I need a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi in the north.|I am sorry there are no hotels that are available. Would you consider a guesthouse or a different area?
No and no. I want a 4 star hotel on the north side with free wifi and parking.|Sorry, I'm not finding anything.
Can we try another search I really need a place to stay it can be a guesthouse or hotel.|Okay, I have 7 options for guesthouses in the North. 6 of them are in the moderate price range and one is is cheap. Which are you looking for?
Okay, I need a guesthouse with free parking, and 4 stars. Price doesn't matter, you can pick one.|There are 7 guesthouses in the north matching your description. I recommend acorn guest house.
Does it also have free wifi?|Yes it has free wifi.
Can you book it for me?|Yes, how may people and how long will your stay be?
I'd like to to book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.|I've booked a single occupancy room at Acorn Guest House for five nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 4KJSRRGA. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a North Indian restaurant that's near the guesthouse. Can you find one?|Sorry no north indian restaurants in the north.
Can we find one that serves Italian food instead then?|da vince pizzeria is the one option in the north, it has cheap pricing, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes that would be great, can you book that please?|how many should i book for and how many day?
I need it for 18:15 for one person on a Tuesday.|A table for 1 has been booked for Tuesday at 18:15 at Da Vinci Pizzeria. Your confirmation number is BSJDIVC3.
Thanks so much.  That is all I need.  Have a great day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|There are many moderately priced restaurants that meet your criteria, what type of food are you looking for?
I would like it to serve food from the americas.|Unfortunately I could not find any restaurants serving food from the Amercias in the moderate price range.
How about european food?|There are 2. Did you want me to book one of them?
What are the names?|'Hotel du vin and bistro' and 'galleria'
I would like to book a table for three on Friday, at 16:00.|Certainly, can I book your table at hotel du vin and bistro or would you prefer a table at galleria?
I need to book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on friday at galleria|Your table has been booked and is reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is M32YYIJN.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.|I have the information pulled up. What would you like to know about it?
Do they offer free parking? And can I get the phone number for them please.|Yes, there is free parking at Hamilton Lodge. The phone number is 01223365664.
Is it possible to arrange a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant by 16:00?|i have booked you a taxi, red tesla, phone number is 718 850 4433.
Thank you that's all that I needed|Thank you have a great day.
I'm taking a trip in cambridge and need a place to stay. I would like a 4 star in the moderate price range.|I have several guesthouse options for you.  What area of town are you interested in staying?
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to have free WiFi.|I would suggest a and b guest house would you like the info?
Yes, can you give me that information.|The address is 124 tenison road and the phone number is 01223315702.
Sounds great.  That is a guest house correct?  What part of town?|Yes, it is a guest house located in the east area.
Thank you for the info. If you could also help me get info for a restaurant named Sala Thong, I'd be grateful!|The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham
Can you book Sala Thong? 7 people at 18:30 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BVU67RNQ.  Is there anything else?
Great, no thank you. I appreciate all your help today, have a good day!|You are very welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.
I need help finding a train for Thursday.|Can you please tell me your departure and destination? What time would like to leave or arrive?
I would be leaving from Cambridge going o Peterborough.|What time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I just need to leave after 20:30.|How about the last train, it'll get you there at 07:56. How many tickets please?
As long as it leaves after 20:30, then it's fine. Can you give me the train ID? I'll buy at the station.|The ID is TR6688.
Can you tell me the departure and arrival time for that train?|Yes, it leaves at 07:06 and arrives by 07:56. May I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range|That narrowed it down to 1 hotel that meets your criteria. It's called CityRoomz. They offer free internet. They are located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. Would you like to book?
Could you just give me the postcode please?|the postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay.  Do you have any recommendations?|We have many great places in town. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
I would like free parking, if available.  Everything else is not really an issue.|Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east, and despite it being in the cheap price range has a 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.|anything else i can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was just told I should go ahead and make the reservation. Do you have a hotel that has the same 4 star rating but in the north?|I think you would love the Avalon. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, book it for 6 people for three nights, starting on Wednesday!|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 43FLT7MR.
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel. What do you recommend?|There are 9 restaurants in the north. I recommend hakka.
Is that is the mid price range?|Its in the expensive range. Do you want me to search for something else?
That is all that I need.|You are all set then, have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the east please.|We have 6 total guesthouses in the east, any more preferences?
Yes, I would like free wifi and a 4 star rating.|I have six places, is there a price range you have in mind?
Not particularly. Do you have one you would recommend?|I recommen a and b guest house. Should I book that?
please,  For 2 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday|Unfortunately there are no rooms available for Wednesday in the East. Could I look at a different location or day?
Can you try 4 nights instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 1F0GOZ1D.
Great, could I also find someplace near the hotel to go for fun?|funky fun house would be nice for you
I want to go to a place that has architecture.|Yes, I've pulled up information on old schools and churches and they are all located in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
If I could just get the phone numbers and postcodes, that would be great!|All saints church is located at postcode cb58bs. Their number is 01223452587.
That's perfect, I've heard of it. How about a cozy 4 star guesthouse nearby?|Okay I have one matching that description in the city center and it is in the cheap price range but 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Does it include free parking as well?|It does.  It is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can I get the price range for that guesthouse please?|It is a cheap guesthouse. Would you like to book a room?
No, but can you get me a taxi to the guesthouse? I should finish sightseeing at 2:30.|You're all set! The car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07351739758.
THank you that is all I needed today, have a nice day.|You're welcome, please contact us if you need help with something else.
Can you get me information on a hotel called a and b guest house?|its a moderate price guesthouse on the east
Do they offer free parking or free internet? I may want to book a room.|They do offer free internet but do not offer free parking.  Would you like for me to help you book a room?
book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is V68HGSJZ. Will that be all?
I also need to take a train. The train should arrive by 08:30 and should go to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I will depart from Kings Lynn on Saturday and need to reach Cambridge by 08:30.|There are many trains to choose from. Can you provide me with your departure time?
Unfortunately, I don't know the train schedule. I was hoping you could provide that to me. I just need to arrive by 08:30.|The TR6366 meets your criteria. You'll arrive at 07:58. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please. I need six tickets.|Reference number is : 72J13Z02.
Thank you for your help.|Not a problem! Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need, thanks again!|No problem, goodbye!
I'm looking for a hotel, but not a guesthouse. All it needs is free parking. Can you recommend one?|I am sorry are not hotels that match your criteria. Can I try to find a hotel in the south?
Yes, I'm trying to find a hotel in the south with a 4 star rating, with free parking.|Unfortunately there are no hotels that match those specifics, can you alter your location?
Ok, let's try the same other criteria but how about a guesthouse?|There are 2 guesthouses in the south that have 4 stars: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House (moderate prices), and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast (cheap). Would you like to book at one?
No but can I get the address and postcode for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast please?|The address is 53 roseford road and the post code is cb22ha.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a cinema in the same place at the hotel.|Cineworld Cinema is in that part of town.
Can you confirm if Cineworld Cinema is in the south?  Also, can you look up a swimming pool?  I'm thinking of going swimming.|Yes, Cineworld Cinema is in the south part of town unfortunately there are no swimming pools in the south.  Can I check another area of town for you?
Can I get the fee and the phone number for Cineworld Cinema please?|The phone is 00872208000.  Unfortunately my system does not show fees.
Okay.  That's all I needed then.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the south of town.|I have 2 available. They are both guest house and one is 4 stars and the other is 3. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like the 3 star one,please.|bridge guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?
i want to book a hotel  of moderate price in the south.|There are no hotels in the range, but two guesthouses in the south moderately priced.  Would they be something you would consider or do you want another search?
I need one in the south, moderate price, free wifi.|There are two guesthouses in the moderate price range in the south side of town with free Wifi. One 3 and one 4 star. Can i book one for you?
Oh. One more thing. Is there free parking?|Both options have free parking available.
Okay, could you book one for me?|I would love to but our system is down right now.
Can you please give it one more try.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know the day you'll be checking in, the number in your party, and for how many nights?
I don't need to book, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town with the same area as the hotel and it should be a nightclub.|There is quite a few, how about soul tree nightclub, it's a real hot spot!
Sounds great, I need their postal can I also book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel at 01:15|cb23qf is the postcode.
I also need to book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel leaving by 01:15.|A black bmw is booked. The contact number is 07078788230
Okay, great. Thanks for all your help today. I appreciate it. Goodbye.|It is a pleasure to have assisted you! Goodbye!
Please I need a place to Stay in Cambridge and I have the express by holiday inn Cambridge in mind. Can you help book that for me?|I can help with that.  When would you like to stay?
I am not sure. Would you happen to be able to tell me the price range?|That hotel is considered to be on the more expensive side.
I also need a restaurant in the  center of town that serves chinese food|What price range were you considering? There are 10 Chinese restaurants in that area.
Price doesn't matter to me. Do you have any recommendations?|I do! I'd recommend the Ugly Duckling. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on tuesday.|All srt, the reference number is GCSU8UZP  Can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need a few more specifics before I can book that taxi for you.
I want a taxi between the hotel and Ugly Duckling in time for my booking.|we have booked white bmw and the contact is 07951264256
That is all I will need. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
i will be in Cambridge and need a 4 star hotel with wifi|sure I can assist you with that. When is your stay?
I want to arrive on Monday and Leave Sunday.|I have 2 in the west area and 1 available in the centre of town. Does area or price matter to you?
I would also like free parking. Price doesn't matter.|I recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive, but a good place on regent street.
What is the price and the address for that hotel?|The address is regent street and it is in the expensive price range.
Is there more an address, such as building number? Also, what area of town is it in? How many starts is it?|The postcode is cb21ad.  It's a 4 star hotel in the centre area of town.
Thanks!  Can you help me find a place to sight see while I am in town?|We have many attractions in town, What type would you prefer? Theatre, museums, parks, etc?
I am looking for a college|Can i recommend churchill college. It's very popular.
That sounds great.  I just need the phone number and entrance fee.|The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance is free.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Churchill College by 04:30 to travel to the University Arms Hotel. Can you book me a taxi, please?|Sure, I've got that booked for you.  Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07188560611
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Enjoy your stay. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Hi, where can I find the Autumn House hotel?|The Autumn House Hotel is located at 710 Newmarket Road which is on the east side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Not yet but can I get the postcode and address please?|Address is 710 Newmarket road with a postcode of cb58rs
Thank you. I also require information on trains going into Cambridge next thursday.|I can certainly help, where will you be departing from, and do you need to arrive or depart at a certain time?
Bishops stortford, it needs to leave after 12:15|TrainID TR0141 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:07 on Thursday. Does that work for you?
I think so. How long is the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 38 minutes.
That is all of the information that I needed. Thank you.|We're happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!
Could you help me find a 0 star hotel?|The cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range. It is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is the cityroomz a guesthouse? That's what I'm looking for.|No, Cityroomz is a hotel. The City Center North B&B or the El Shaddai are 0 star guesthouses.
You know what, the hotel will actually work for me. Can you tell me where Cityroomz is located?|Sure.  It's in the centre on Station Road.  Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights? I need it on Sunday.|Sorry, that booking wasn't available. Maybe another day or a shorter stay would work?
How about two night?|That worked. Your reference number is YZMQ4JNN.
Thank you, good bye.|Have a wonderful time, good bye.
I need a cheap place to stay please.|I have found 10 hotels that are cheap in the area. Is there a certain part of the city you would like to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west please.|There is one guesthouse and one hotel that fits your criteria. Both have free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Are they 3 star hotels?|Yes they are both 4 stars.  Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
I would like  a hotel please.|The Cambridge Belfry meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 4 people for 2 nights starting on friday.|success! confirmation number is 44URFTUC. Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for Sunday departing from Cambridge.|Sure. What time would you like to travel?
it should arrive by 09:00|train TR1262 will arrive at 08:08 would you like me to book seats?
Yes, we'll need tickets for everyone in the party.|okay, reference # isN5S2FRHG, 32.32 GHP is payable at the station
Thank you so much for your help today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello! Can you give me some info on a restaurant please?|Would love to!  What kind of food do you like?
Actually I am specifically looking for the Cocum restaurant, I would like to book for 7 people at 15:00 on monday if possible.|I have a table reserved for you and 6 other guests at the Cocum restaurant on Monday at 15:00. The reference number is BPE8LVHA.
Thank you. I'd also like a guesthouse in the cheaper price range. Can you help me with that?|there are several in the area of the restaurant. would you like to book the closest one?
As long as it has free wifi|The finches Bed and Breakfast fits your needs. When would you like to stay?
Yes that's find are the in the moderate price range?|no it is cheap. will that do for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
The same group of people and same day for 3 nights.|I booked your restaurant table, and the reference number is CUL9VZ04. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a guesthouse in the cheap price range that includes free wifi.|I was able to book you a room for seven people for three nights, starting Monday, at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Reference number is CUL9VZ04. Is there anything else?
Can you please confirm that the hotel you've booked for us offers free wi-fi? I need to be able to work while I'm there.|Yes it has free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today.  You were a great help. Goodbye|Thank you very much.
Find a train to leicester that arrives by 21:00.|From which departure site, please?
The train will be leaving Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 14 trains that fit your needs. The first leaves at 5:21 and the latest leaves at 18:21. Would you like me to get a ticket for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : DMK0CENV. Do you need anything else?
I'd like information on a hotel called warkworth house|What information are you looking for specifically?
I need to book it for 4 people starting from saturday for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is FDIQHZAR. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you, good day.
We need a hotel in the eastern part of the city which has free parking.|Autumn house	is a guesthouse with free parking in the east part of town.
I'd prefer a hotel, are there any 3 star hotels in the East section of town that have free parking?|No, I am sorry no three star hotels. Would a four star work?
I would prefer to stay with a three star hotel. Could you please check the south side and see if any hotels are available?|Yes, there is one available. The Lensfield hotel at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people and 3 nights from thursday|Ok   I will book it for you
Hi, I am looking to visit the colleges in town, and need to know the names of some of them.|There are 18 matches. Do you have an area in mind?
Are there any in the centre?|There are 13 in the centre, including Christ's College and Emmanuel College.
The area actually doesn't really matter, I just need the address of one of your recommendations, please?|Sure!  The address for Christ's College is saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu.
Thank you! I am also looking for a hotel with 4 stars.|The university arms hotel is 4 starts and in the centre where the college is, would you like me to book you or provide more information?
Do they have internet and could I have the phone number please?|Yes they have internet and phone 01223351241
I need to book a taxi also. It should leave the hotel by 11:330|Sure! A white honda should pick you up at that time. The contact number is 07825681790. Do you need anything else?
That's all I need right now.  Thanks for the help!|It's been my pleasure. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|i have found 21 hotels that match your criteria. what part of town did you have in mind?
Area does not matter.|I'd suggest the A and B Guest House in the east. It's moderately priced and meets your criteria. Would that work for you?
Sounds great. Can I get it for 7 people? 4 nights starting Saturday|That one is not open then, shall I try another?
No,I will check husband and call back.|Okay. Let us know.
Can we try a different one in the same price range?|How about Warkworth House? It's also in the east, at warkworth terrace.
Okay let's try booking that and get me a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : MZIURVDV.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a hotel?|I sure can, what would you like for your hotel?
I'm looking for something moderately priced with a 4 star rating.|I have 11 hotels that would meet your criteria. Did you have a certain area that you would like to stay in?
No, but I would like to have free wifi.|There are several that meet your criteria.  Do you need free parking?
That does not matter. Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the a and b guest house. Do you want me to book it for you?
Actually, I would like something that has 4 stars.  Does A and B have 4 stars?|Yes, A & B guesthouse does have 4 stars. Are you ready to book a room?
Yes, and can I get the phone number for the guesthouse, please.|The number is 01223315702.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful, thanks.  I don't need anything else at the moment.  Bye.|Have a great day!
Can you navigate me to a 5 star hotel with free wifi please?|I was unable to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Do you have a place with free wifi in the cheap range with a star of 4?|I've found 21 hotels that meet those criteria. The Allenbell is one. Should I book it?
What type of hotels are they?|The Allenbell is a guesthouse. Do you have any other specifications I can narrow your search by?
looking for something with 5 stars and free wifi|Sorry, but we've already established that there are no 5-star hotels available. I can provide you with some 4-star options.
Sorry, how silly of me. I want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. A cheap 4 star with free wifi, please.|Okay, we've got the the cambridge belfry.  Shall I book you a room?
I don't need it booked just yet.  I just needed the info, thanks.|All right. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you for your patience.  I am all set now.  Bye.|Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
Hi! I'm looking for a restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.|Sure, it's in the centre of town. Do you want to book a table there?
Please book a table for 4 people.|Sure, I can do that.  What day and time would you like me to book?
Sunday at 19:00 please.|Okay the booking was successful. Reference number is VKKM9KO1.
Thanks, I am also looking for a place to stay.|Great, I can help with that. Do you have an area and price range you want?
in the type of Guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights Sunday please|There are 9 options here. What area would you prefer?
Is there a guesthouse in the center? It would be more convenient near the restaurant.|I don't have any guesthouses in that area meeting your requirements. Would you like me to check in a different area?
Sorry forget area, that doesnt matter. Just choose the first option out of the previous 9 you mentioned and book it with the specifications I mentioned earlier.|The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria. Should I book it for you?
Yes. I need it booked for 4 people on sunday and for 2 nights|I have booked rooms for 4 for 2 nights starting Sunday and the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is 7R08F7KY.  Is there anything else today?
I will also need a taxi to commute between those two places. Could you book me one.|I have booked a white lexus that will get you to the restaurant by 19:00. Phone number is 07132308667.
Thank you for putting up with me!|It's been my pleasure. Can help with something else?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again for all your help! You've been wonderful!|I'm glad I could be of help. Please contact us again, anytime. Good bye.
I am looking for colleges to visit while I am in town.|There are 5 in town, but I recommend Clare College in the west.  It's free to visit.  Does that sound good?
Yes that sounds good may I have the phone number please?|Sure! The phone number is 01223333200. Anything else for you today?
I am also looking for a place to stay. Could you help with that?|Sure, do you have any area preferences?
Yeah. Moderate price range. Internet and parking are not a priority for me.|How about your area preference and star rating of the hotel?
No star preference, just as long as it's moderately priced.  Thank you.|How about A and B Guesthouse?  It is moderately priced.
I prefer hotels.  Moderately priced.|I would recommend the ashley hotel. Would you like more information?
I'd like one with free wifi, and could you give me the star rating?|The ashley hotel fits your needs and has 2 stars. Would you like a booking?
Not right now. Thank you for the information!|Not a problem! Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope! That will do it, thanks!|Thanks for using our service. Have a nice night. Bye.
I need a guesthouse in the center of the town please.|I have 2. The alexander bed and breakfast and the el shaddai. Both are in the cheap price range.
I need it to b moderately priced and include free wifi.|I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced hotels that fit your criteria.  Would you like me to look for something moderately priced in a different part of town?
Can we try in the north instead?|We have 8 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Might I suggest the arbury lodge guesthouse?
Alright, can you book me a room please. I want to stay on Sunday for 2 nights.|Okay, great! How many people will be staying?
It looks like we'll have a total of 5 people in our party.|I have book a room for 5 people beginning on Sunday and continuing for two nights. Your reference number is 2KMVO8NF. Can I help you find anything else?
I am  looking for a place to dine.|What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like to find Asian Oriental.|What is your price range?
It doesn't matter as long as it is near the hotel.|Saigon City is located in the north.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Sunday, 5 people for 15:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1H1XOCSA.
Thank you!  I would also like a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|Booking was completed! A grey Ford will pick you up at 15:15 in front of the guesthouse, contact number 07097490762. Can I assist with anything else?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where would you like the 2nd taxi to take you?
Actually just one taxi was enough, thank you. That's all I need.|you are welcome and thank you too
have a lovely day.|And you have a lovely day as well!
I would like to find a very expensive indian restaurant, can you help me?|Certainly! Cambridge boasts 14 such establishments. Would you prefer a specific area of town?
No I need to find an indian restaurant, anywhere in cambridge that is expensive please. I need the area located, address and postcode please.|Curry garden is located in the centre at 106 Regent Street City Centre. It's phone number is 01223302330 and the postcode is cb21dp.
Thanks, I also need the location of kirkwood house.|Sure, its located on 172 chesterton road and the number is 01223306283
Do they have free parking?|Yes they do.
What is the star of the hotel?|The hotel is four stars.
I'm planning to visit Cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale Chinese dining.|I have several recomendations. Would you care to try Yu Garden? It has great Chinese food, but is expensive.
I don't mind an expensive restaurant so that will be fine.  I would like to reserve a table for 3 on Sunday at 15:00.|How about yu garden? It's expensive and serves chinese food.
That should be fine. Can you get the reference number?|Unfortunately there are no reservations left at that time. Would you like to change the restaurant?
Do you have reservations for 14:00 for Yu Garden since the 15:00 is full?|For 14:00, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NHCRN6DS.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free wifi and free parking.|Certainly. What area of town do you prefer?
Any part of town will be fine.|There are 21 guesthouses that offer those amenities. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, any price range is fine. Go ahead and book, and get me the postcode.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and in the centre. The postcode is cb12de. To book, I need to know when you'll stay and how many people.
That's all I need for now. thanks!|Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
I need a hotel, parking doesn't matter to me though.|What is the name of the hotel you'd like to book?
i don't have a name in mind but the  hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi.|There are many great guesthouses with free internet, do you have a have a price range or area you want to stay in?
I'm open to the price and area, but it should have a 3 star rating.|There are 3 in the moderate price range. Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Can you book Hamilton Lodge for me please?|sure! how many people in your party?
5 people and we'll be staying there for 3 nights starting Sunday|You are all set, the reference number is H96PW3HV, can I help with anything else?
i'm also looking for places to go in town|There are 79 places to go what area would you like?
I would like the info to the funk fun house please?|The Funky Fun House is an entertainment venue in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrical Estate. Their phone number is 01223304705.
do they charge entrance fee?|I'm sorry but the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
You already gave me the phone number thanks, I'm supposed to get the entrance fee though, my boss insists on it.|The entrance fee is not listed in our database. Perhaps it varies depending on what night of the week you go. You are welcome to call them and ask.
I am looking for a college type of attraction. Is there any?|There are 5 colleges available in the Centre and the West. Do you have any preferences on the college?
I am looking for something in the West.|Visitors find queens' college fascinating. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds. The address is silver street, postcode cb39et.
Thanks. May I also have the phone number, please.|Sure the number is 01223335511. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to the hotel, please.|Sure I can if you tell me where you'll be leaving from and either what time you want to leave or arrive by
I woule like to leave the hotel at 7:00.|I'm sorry are you going to the hotel or leaving from the hotel?
I will be leaving the hotel, please.|Can you book a cab for me and get a reference number ?
A friend told me about the bridge guest house. Do you know about it?|Yes, it has internet and located in the south. It's located at 151 hills road.
Okay, great! Will you please make a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday?|I was able to book you, your Reference number is : SD4Y0S4E.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant serving English food.|There are no restaurants that meet that exact criteria, but would you like to try for a different cuisine or price range?
Sure, how about an expensive Indian restaurant?|Sure. What have you got?
I asked for an expensive Indian restaurant please.|Sorry about that! There are a number of fine Indian restaurants in the city. Is there a certain part of town you'd prefer to dine in?
No, no preference on the area.|Well I have The Curry Garden in the city center.
Sounds great!  Can I get a reservation for 6 on saturday at 11:30?|I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is HBWVX9VW.
That is all.  Thank you.|Great! Enjoy your meal! Have a great day!
I'm looking to book a train that goes to ely and leaves on sunday please.|There are 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Ely. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you would prefer?
Yes, I need to leave after 15:45.|TR5713 leaves at 15:50 and arrives by 16:07. Will that work for you?
Yes that will work thank you.|How many tickets would you like me to book for train TR5713?
I need 2 adult and 1 child.  Thank you.|Booking was successful for TR5713, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : GGE66KI2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north please.|The acorn guest house is available in your selected region. It's moderately priced and includes free internet and parking.
That one sounds fine. I need lodgings beginning Thursday.|Sounds great, and how many nights would you like to stay?
I'd like 3 nights for 6 people, please.|I have booked your request, your confirmation number is NWPEWP4X.
Wonderful. Thank you very much! That's everything I needed.|Hope you enjoy your trip! Thanks for allowing us to assist you.
looking for a train in Cambridge,should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday|We have 19 trains that may suit your needs. Is there a particular time you are looking to leave or arrive by?
YES, COULD YOU PLEASE FIND ME A TRAIN FOR 10:PM TONIGHT? I PLAN ON GETTING ONE TONIGHT,SO I CAN ARRIVE BY MID-NIGHT.THIS WILL ALLOW ME TO GO RIGHT TO SLEEP.|Of course! Train TR0446 leaves at 20:24 and arrives by 20:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, thanks. I just need 1 ticket for myself.|Your reference number is 6ULUC5LP, is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free wifi?|I'd be happy to find that for you. What are of the city would you like to be in, and do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I prefer a guesthouse please. Oh and I also will need free parking.|I have several great options. Do you need to be in a certain area of town? Alexander b&b in the centre has four stars.
Yes, that sounds perfect. Lets book it.|Alright, what day will you be there and how many days will you be staying? How many people will be staying with you?
On second thought, I'm going to hold off on booking that.  I appreciate all of your help and I should have all the information I need.  Goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
I need to find where Whale of a Time is located in Cambridge.|It is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill
Okay, could I get the postcode for Whale of a Time, please?|Of course, it's cb238el. If you need to contact them, the phone number is 01954781018. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a hotel.|Great, do you need the hotel to be in a particular part of town?
Yes in the Centre please and 4 star.|I have the alexander bed and breakfast that is cheap and university arms hotel that is expensive.
Can I book University Arms for 5 nights starting Sunday for 3 people?|I have you booked for 5 nights, 3 people, starting on sunday, your reference number is LNK1GUUK.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I also need a taxi leaving Whale of Time at 17:45.|What is your destination?
I need to go to the University Arms|Booking completed! A blue skoda taxi. Phone, 07460247020. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need at this time, thanks for your help!|You have a great night.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.|Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?|Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.|I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
Yes I am looking for a Train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Birmingham New Street.|Ok.  When were  you looking to leave?
I will be leaving on Wednesday after 14:30.|There are 9 trains listed. Would you like tickets for one of them?
Yes. Please select the first train available after 14:30 and book 3 tickets. then provide me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XMBOA4E1. Can I help with anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant where I can get some korean food, please.|There are no cheap korean restaurants in the area, would you like to look up a different restaurant?
What about a cheap korean restaurant in the north?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you care to broaden your search a bit?
What about Italian food?|Does it have to be cheap and located in the north as well?
Yes it does have to be.|I found da vinci pizzeria would you like to book a table there?
Sure. I'd like a reservation for Tuesday.|Ok, for how many and at what time?
18:00. Also I need the address, postcode and phone number, please.|20 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41jy,  and 01223351707. Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|Worth House matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for four people in the three nights starting on Sunday|I am sorry, but I was unable to book your request, would you be able to move the starting date or have a shorter stay?
I suppose. Is there a room available for 2 nights, starting Sunday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TF5T6MYF.. Anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You are quite welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Sri Lankan food in the moderate price range.|There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try something else?
Could you check again in the centre of town?|I am sorry again there are no matches for that type of food.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes could you search for italian food instead?|I have 2 listings one for pizza express and pizza express Fen Ditton. One of these sound good to you?
Great.  Can you reserve a table for 5 at Fen Ditton?  Sunday at 12:00 would be great.|Sure I booked your table at Pizza Express Fen Ditton at 12:00 on Sunday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is OLEZKDIT.
Thank you! also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 5.|I'm not showing any 5 star hotels.  Is 4 star ok?
Well then yes, 3 stars would be OK.|Would you prefer a 3 star hotel in the south or centre area?
Area doesn't matter. You can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting sunday.|I recommend the gonville hotel. I booked that for you as requested, and the reference number is 8ZO3CLGC. Anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the centre of the city.|Okay, there are fifteen restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you have a preference on the cuisine that is served?
Not really.  Which is your favorite?|Chinese would be a good choice. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, for 6 people, 12:15 on Wednesday. Reference number please.|I'll book you at Charlie Chan. In my opinion, its the best! Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W3TZFF5S.
I would also like a place to stay. I would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the centre.|el shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in the cheap pricerange. Does this work for you?
Is there not a hotel?|I'm sorry, there are no cheap 0-star hotels in the centre area of the city.
How about a guesthouse with 0-star and cheap?|The El Shaddai is the only one. Would you like to book a room there? Or maybe you need some more information? Or we could try another part of town.
More information please.  I'd just like the address and postcode for El Shaddai.|There are no hotels in El Shaddai that have 0 stars and are cheap.
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of city centre north b and b. Could you provide me with some additional information about this place?|Did you by chance mean the A and B guesthouse?
Hm. That isn't it. I think it is called city centre north. Can you search again please?|I found it.  It is a cheap guesthouse in the north.  The phone number is 01223312843.
Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address?|01223312843 is the phone number cb43ht is the postcode and 328a histon road is the address.
Thanks I'm also looking for a fun attraction to go in the centre.  Can you make a recommendation?|I enjoy museums. We have old schools. Would you like more information on that one?
Yes, how much does it cost to get in?|I'm sorry for the confusion, what attraction are you interested in the entrance fee for?
I'm looking for a fine arts museum in the centre.|We have 11 different museums in the centre, if you're not looking for a particular one, might I recommend the Primavera?
Okay.  Can you tell the entrance fee?|Good news! It is Free.
Nice!  Okay, that should be all I need.  Thanks for your help and goodbye!|Great! have a wonderful trip!
I am looking for kirkwood house.|Kirkwood House is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse in the north area of town. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the address, please?|The address for Kirkwood house is 172 Chesterton Road, CB41DA. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you.|Okay.  Just let us know if you need anything else!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that has free parking.|I have 21 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
No but can you find one in the moderate price range?|The Acorn Guest House has a 4 star rating and has both free internet and parking.  Can I book a stay for you?
No.What other Hotels are nearby ?|The guesthouses in the north are arbury lodge guesthouse, archway house, hamilton lodge, home from home, Kirkwood house and limehouse.
Go ahead and book the Archway House please and I need a reference number.|What size party and how long will your stay be?
There will be two of us staying 4 nights from Wednesday.|Unfortunately, we were unable to book that guesthouse. Should we try one of the other guesthouses?
Yes, lets try one of the others.|I was able to book the acorn guesthouse and your reference number is BJ3CL2QU.
Okay thank you. That is all I need.|Okay great. Enjoy your stay.
Hello- I would like some information about visiting Corpus Christi please|Corpus christi is a college located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338000 and is located at king's parade.
Can I have the post code please?|The postcode is cb21rh.
Is there an entrance fee?|the admission is 2 pounds.
Can you also find me a place to stay in the centre?|There are several places that are located in the same area, can you give me some more preferences?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.|I have 4 available hotels in the centre. Two of them have a cheap price range, and two have an expensive range. Would one of these do?
I'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 6 people and 5 nights from Sunday.|I'm sorry, I'm not pulling up any matches.
Okay, how about a moderately-priced hotel in the south area instead that has free wifi and free parking?|I have two guesthouses that match your request; the Aylesbray Lodge and Bridge Guesthouse. Aylesbray has 4 stars and Bridge Guesthouse has 3. Which would you prefer?
Aylesbray sounds good. I need a booking for six, five nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful reference number is GS1J7NYI. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today, thank you for your help.|You are welcome, have a blessed day.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday|Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.|We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
Yes, i am looking to book a room at the alexander bed and breakfast.|I found Alexander bed and breakfast . Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes bookit for the same group of people 4 nights.|What day will you be arriving?
Let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then tuesday would be fine|I was able to book you for Saturday.
thanks can I get a reference number please?|Your reference number is XVE54KKH. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, thanks again.|You are welcome enjoy
please find me a good cinema to go|what about vue cinema? It's located in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Sure. The postcode is CB11PS and the phone number is 08712240240.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in. Can you find me a 4 star place?|We have 21 hotels and guesthouses ranked 4 stars. Do you have a particular area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I would like something in the west. It doesn't need to have internet.|There are 3 hotels in the west. Two are cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a price preference?
Let's go with the cheap one.|There are 2. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
A hotel would be perfect!|Ok.  So that is the cambridge belfry.  Should I make a reservation for you?
What is the price range?|The cambridge belfry is in the cheap range, with 4 star rating has internet and parking. Should I book a room for you?
Yes, that would be wonderful.|how many people should i book for?
One person, please.|for how many days and starting when do i book?
For 1 day|What day would you like to check in?
What days are available?|They have a very flexible schedule. Please give me a day of the week and I will look for you.
I don't actually need to book a room right now, can you just give me the price range that is in?|As I mentioned before, the Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range. Will there be anything else for you today?
No. I believe that is all. Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Feel free to call back for more information.
I would like an expensive room, in the East.|I can recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking? And is it a 2 star hotel? Because that is what I'm looking for.|Yes it is.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Please.  Could you please book it for 1 person starting Thursday for 4 nights|I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to find another hotel?
Yes, are there any other hotels in the same price range?|No that is the only hotel in that price range. It there anything else?
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday and arriving by 18:15?|Where are you departing from and what is your destination ?
I'm going from Cambridge to Standsted airport.|Train TR1526 leaves 17:40 and will get you there by 18:08.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 7 people. I'll also need the reference number.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a train from Cambridge to Stevenage please.|I have 4 trains for those locations. What day and time were you looking for?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after 21:30, please.|There is only one train traveling from Cambridge to Stevenage on Thursday close to 23:30. It is the TR8239, would you like for me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I'll actually need 7 tickets.|I was able to reserve 7 tickets for you. Your total fee is 89.6 GBP and your reference number is BRQC79TR. Do you need anything else?
I also need an expensive lodging in the center of town.|I found 2 hotels, the gonville hotel, 3 stars,  and the university arms hotel, 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
Hmm, I was really looking for something with 0 stars. Can you check for any guesthouses instead?|Perhaps with different criteria? I have nothing for 0 stars, expensive, in the centre.
How about cheap price range?|I'm still looking, please stand by.
Okay, once you've found a hotel, could you give me the hotel type, post code and whether or not they have free parking?|The el shaddai is a guesthouse with free parking. The postcode is cb11eg.
Thank you so much, no need for booking, that is all of my questions.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a hotel in the west area. It doesn't need to have free parking.|There are four possibilities on the west side. Do you have preferred price range?
I don't have a preferred price range, but I'd like one with free wifi.|There are 4 places that provide internet on the west side. 2 are hotels, and 2 are guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Do they have parking? I want one that does not have parking.|I'm not showing anything in that area of town with no parking.  Would you like to try a different area?
Can you check and see if there's one in the north, please?|The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north. It offers free wifi but not parking. Does this meet your liking and would you like to book a room?
That works. Book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting with Wednesday.|I'm sorry, but the Avalon isn't available for those dates. Would you like to book starting on another day or for fewer nights?
How about 3 nights?|I was able to book if for that time. The reference code is QLM5YVJD
Wonderful, thank you.  That is all I need.  Bye.|You're very welcome, enjoy your stay. Thank you and goodbye!
I'm looking for Holy trinity church.|It's on Market Street the postcode is cb23nz and their phone number is 01223355397.  Is there anything else you would like to know about this attraction?
No, I think you gave me everything, thanks!|You're certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay that has free wifi, but doesn't need to have free parking.|We have many options available to you that may suit you is there a particular part of town that you would prefer?
No, surprise me! Just has to be cheap and a hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry would suit you. It's in the west and is cheap. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do you know if they offer free parking?|Yes they do.
Please book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting tuesday.|Okay, your reference number is : VNH1WIJB. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel to the Holy trinity church. I want to leave the hotel by 21:30.|Okay, I've booked you a black bww and its contact number is 07157659853. Is there anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you goodbye.
I have heard a lot of good things about the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse. Would you be able to provide any information on them?|Yes, the arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north part of town in the moderate price range. It has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you. How many stars does it have? What is the postcode?|It has 4 stars, and the postcode is cb42je.
Okay thank you that is all I need to know.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel called Worth House.|The worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the north. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please, I need a reservation for 4 nights starting Monday for 1 person.|I've successfully booked that for you.  Your reference number is VO1DEPI5.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train that leaves from bishops stortford and goes to cambridge.|Not a problem, when would you like to depart or when would you like to arrive by?
I don't want to leave any earlier than 08:30, please.|the TR2083 leaves at 09:29, and arrives at 10:07.
Is this train the same day as my hotel booking?|No, I'm sorry it's not. For Monday, Train TR0757 will leave at 09:29 and arrive in cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Ok, that's all I need for now. Bye.|If there is any other way I can help you please let me know.
Can you suggest something to do on the east side of town?|There are a lot of things to do. What would you like ?
Something that is entertainment, please.|I'd recommend Funky Fun House. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like more information about the Funky Fun House.|They are an entertainment attraction in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate. The postcode is cb58hy.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the North area of town, something on the less expensive side, if possible.|I'd recommend acorn guest house. It's moderately priced with free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
yes book for 6 people for 3 nights starting from Friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9VNGOGLF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be all thank you goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you today.  Have a great trip!
I need a restaurant in the town's centre|We have a wide variety of restaurants in the center of town. Did you have a specific type of cuisine in mind?
Yes i am looking for one that serves molecular gastronomy.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants specializing in molecular gastronomy located in the centre.
How about any Italian restaurants in the same area?|yes! there are nine to choose from.
Show me the one you think is best. I will need the postcode, phone number and price range for it.|Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is expensive, but worth it!  The phone number is 01223352607 and the postcode is cb23nj.
I also need a place to stay in the Centre, free parking as well.|Okay do you ave a preference for price? I have both cheaper and more expensive options but nothing that is considered moderate.
I would like a cheap option please.|I would suggest El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Possibly, do they have free wifi?|Yes it does.  It is very nice.
Great, I would like a reservation for 1, 3 nights starting from Wednesday. If that fails, then Friday and the reference number.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : G8HH6HCW.
Thank you! Have a great day!|Okay I am glad I could be of help.
Thank for calling.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. The restaurant and lodging are all. Thank you, again. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Yes I am looking for information on a hotel called City Center North B and B.|I cannot find that hotel. Any other hotels you would like to find?
Could you check the spelling(city centre north b and b) and try to search again?|It is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located at 328a histon road on the north side. It has free internet and parking. Phone number and postcode are 01223312843 and cb43ht.
Thank you. Are you able to book that for me?|Sure! give me the following information: Day of visit, number of people and number of days that you will be staying.
Please book for 2 people starting on thursday for 4 nights.|You're all set. Your reference number is HOSVDEGA. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train into Cambridge from London Kings Cross.|there are many trains but you need to tell us which day you want to travel
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you have a time preference?
I need to arrive by 14:15.|The first train leaves at 5:17.
Well that will not work.|The TR2512 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Not at this time. What is the travel time for that train, please?|The TR2512 takes 51 minutes. Anything else you need?
no that will be all thanks|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for some information on rosas's bed and breakfast.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap priced guesthouse in the south part of the city.
Do they have a room available that will accommodate 4 people?|Yes for what day and time please?
4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday|The booking was unsuccessful.
Try another hotel, same price Range of Rosa's.|Would you like me to book you at the allenbell? It's in the cheap price range in the east part of town.
Yes, please do.|Okay I have you booked for the Allenbell guesthouse. Your reference code is L0ENMAAG. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.|You are welcome.  Have a great stay at Allenbell.  Bye.
Hi, Are there any theatres in the south part of town?|Yes, The Junction Theatre is in the South part of town.  Would you like their phone number and postcode?
Yes, and I would also like to know the entrance fee.|The Junction is located on Clifton Way, CB17GX. They can be reached at 01223511511. Unfortunately I do not have any information on their entrance fees. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Is that in Cambridge?|Yes, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is on 138 Perne Road, in the east of the city. Do you need more information about it, or a booking?
I need to know if they have internet service.|Yes, that place does have internet. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I would like a booking please. It will be just me.|What is the first day you want to stay and how many nights will you be staying?
Actually, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you for all your help - I'm good to go.|Okay, is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye.|Enjoy your movie!
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay.  My family can't wait to visit some of the local attractions there.|I can help with that. Do you have a preference ?
They really dislike the small size of most guesthouses, so why don't we look for hotels instead.|Where does your budget lie, between expensive and cheap?
Moderate pricing and book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Weds and i need ref number|I have a place called the Lovell Lodge. I was able to book you successfully. Reference number is : MKVVDABX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called byard art|Byard Art is a fantastic free museum on the south side of town. It's located at 14 King's Parade, cb21sj.
What's the fee for that?|It is actually free.  What else can I tell you?
I would like a taxi between the hotel and the museum.|Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 24:45, so it will be from Lovell Lodge to Byard Art|I have your taxi reservation made.  What else can I do for you?
Can I get the contact number and car type?|Of course! The car type is yellow Toyota. The contact number is 07952079804. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that'll be all. Thank you for your help.|you're welcome. thank you for using the system. have a good day.
I'm looking for a train, but I don't want to have to get up too early. There's something that leaves after 8:15, right?|We have trains that go from early morning to late night, what is the route you will be taking and on what day?
I need to get to Stansted Airport on Monday.|I have the TR0797 departing at 08:40 and arrives at 09:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number|Sure! The reference number for this booking is QA51IFDT and the total fee with be 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks! Could you also help me find somewhere cheap to stay?|I have several options for you, did you want to stay in a particular area?
The area doesn't matter but I do need free wifi, please.|I have 10 places you could stay. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A guesthouse will work out better and I need free parking too.|alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place and it fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
Sure.  The two of us want to stay for two nights starting Saturday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : AVJ0CKBP. anything else?
Great that's all that I needed for today.|Alright, have a lovely day.
Thank you, you too.|Than you very much!
I need somewhere to stay. Should have free parking and free wifi|What area of town and what is your price range?
The centre of town and with a moderate price range. Nothing too expensive.|What day do you need your reservation and for how many people and how long will you stay?
I don't need to make a reservation. I am just looking for information on a hotel. Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in the North?|There are 6 hotels in the north part of the city that fall in the moderate price range, have free wifi and parking, and have 4 stars. Any other specifications?
I'm not looking to book yet, can you tell me their price ranges?|They're all in the moderate price range.
I need one near a swimmingpool.|There are two Swimming pools in the north. There are no hotels with 4 stars, moderate price range, internet and free wifi. Would you like to change your search?
I guess I'll change my price range. Are there any expensive hotels with all the amenities that I'd like along with free parking?|Unfortunately, I do not have any that are in the expensive range. I have several 4-star moderately priced hotels or can I look for something else for you?
On the swimming pool, what's the phone number and entrance fee?|Please pick a pool first; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Let's go with Kings Hedges Learner Pool.|Their phone number is 01223353248. As for entrance fee, I don't have the information to provide to you. I apologize.
That's ok. I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and pool. I want to leave the pool by 02:15.|We will have to know which hotel you are staying at first before booking a taxi.
Okay. Is there a hotel close to Kings Hedges Learner Pool that has free parking and wifi? I would prefer a four star location in the north.|There are seven that meet those requirements. Might I suggest the Acorn Guest House? I've heard it's quite nice.
What is the price range for the Acorn guest house?|The price there is moderate.
Thank you! I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the area.|There are two swimming pools in the north, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and King Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference between the two?
King Hedges Learner Pool will still be fine. I'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 02:15 and take me to the Acorn Guest House.|Great! I have a yellow toyota picking you up at 02:15. The contact number is 07441551293. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thank you for the help!|No problem at all. Have a great day.
i need places to go in town|Did you want architecture or a church?
It's doesn't matter what attraction it is just as long as it's in the west. Do you have any recommendations?|Sure. I suggest Churchill College, on storey's way.
Can I get their postcode and entrance fee please?|The postcode is 	cb30ds and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. I also need a place to stay. I want a guesthouse in that area. And I'll need parking.|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with parking and wifi included.
Sounds like a match, Can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 4 nights?|The booking was successful, your reference number is 0603AU17. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your stay.
I need a train on Wednesday, arriving close to 14:45.|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and arriving in Leicester.|There are several trains that would get you Leicester by 14:45. Did you have a departure time in mind?
I have no preference for departure time as long as I arrive by 14:45.|Ok there is one that leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06. Would you like to book that one?
Yes that sounds good, can you please give me the train ID and travel time?|Yes that train's ID is TR2854 and the travel time of the journey is 105 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse on the north side of town.|There is the acorn guest house, out of 33 results, did you need internet, parking, or a certain star?
No, I don't need internet or free parking.  Could you tell me the star ratings for those?|The acorn guest house has a 4 start rating. Would you like to hear other options?
No thanks, but can I have the postcode and price range for the Acorn, please?|Sure, the postcode for Acorn Guest House is cb41da and the price range is in the moderate range.
Great thank you that's all the info I need today.|Wonderful.  Please don't hesitate to contact me again for more help.  Good bye.
Can you assist me to find Restaurants in the Center of Cambridge that serves Chines foods?|There are 10 results for that search. Can I narrow that down with a price range you'd like to stay in?
I'd like an expensive restaurant, please.|There are four. Would you like a table, or more information?
Ah... just pick one that you recommend and do a reservation for 6 at 14:45 on Saturday.|I've reserved a table for 6 at ugly duckling at 14:45 on Saturday. Your confirmation number is G6RS8PAR.
am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi|Sure, can I narrow down your preference a bit?  Is there a part of town you prefer?
I'd love it if we could stay in the centre of town. Also, I would like it to be three stars.|Great.  Gonville hotel should meet your needs.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you tell me what the price range is at the Gonville Hotel?|Yes certainly it is in the expensive price range.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?|It is a hotel. Would you like to book it?
No thanks, just gathering info, thank you so much for your help, have a good evening.|I was happy to help. You have a good evening, as well. Good-bye.
Howdy! Is the Hamilton Lodge still open?|Yes, this guesthouse is open. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please.  I'd like a room for 5 people on Monday for 5 nights.|I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place in the same area?
How about another hotel in the same price range?|Would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house? It is in the moderate price range like the Hamilton Lodge.
Yes that will be fine.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is  1WRSIG9U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. I think that is all I need. Thanks for your help!|Happy to help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need a 4 star place with wifi to stay. It doesn't matter if its a hotel or guesthouse, just 4 star please.|There are 21 guesthouses offering free wifi. Do you have a price range?
It should be cheap and include free parking.|I have 8 results. What area would you like?
No particular area. What do you recommend?|I recommend finches bed and breakfast, that've got some good reviews.
Oh thats great. Please assist to book that for 5 nights starting from Saturday and if it fails then Tuesday. Please send me the reference number when you are done.|Booking was successful for Saturday.
Reference number is : 5LQHD9SU. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for entertainment attractions located in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, perhaps you can find a college that I can visit.|There are five colleges available in the centre area. How about Downing College? The entrance fee is free.
Sounds great.  What is the address?|it is on regent street
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places|Okay, do you need the taxi to go to the restaurant or the attraction?
I want to leave the attraction at 09:45 and head to the restaurant.|Sure, you will be expecting a black lexus , their contact  number  is  07988632177
Thank you so much.|you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.|There are 14 expensive restaurants that serve indian food.  What part of town would you like?
I want the location to be in the west.|Cocum is a nice Indian restaurant in the West in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table.|Okay, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to dine and how many people should I have the reservation for?
On Thursday at 5:00. I also need a hotel in the same area. No need to have free parking.|I am unable to find a hotel that meets your criteria. Would you like help with anything else?
are you sure?  it should be the type of a hotel|Yes this is correct there are none available sorry. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about one that has free parking?|Huntington Marriott Hotel is in the west and has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
is that in the same area as the restaurant?|yes it is also in the west
Yes. I'd like to book that for 3 nights starting Sunday and for 4 people.|I have made that reservation and the reference number is 4J5E7XV1. What else can I help you with today?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the Marriott, leaving the restaurant by 17:00?|Okay I have booked you a tax. Look out for a blue Volkswagon whose contact number is 07502242319.
Okay thank you for all your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all, goodbye.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for information on places to stay in Cambridge.|There are 33 places to stay, do you have some criteria to narrow it down?
I need free parking, free wifi, and something moderately priced, please.|There are 14 places to stay, do you have an area you prefer?
Can you find a guesthouse for me?|I have 12 different options. Do you have an area that you prefer to stay in?
No preference I also need a train leaving on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.|And can you tell me your destination please?
Birmingham new street|And when will you be needing to travel?
I would like to leave after 10:45 to birmingham new street.|TR2694 leaves at 11:01, would you like to book that trip?
Yes,please book this trip!|Yes, I can. Will you be traveling alone?
Yes, I'm traveling alone, so just one ticket. Don't forget to find me a guesthouse to stay in, as well!|Your reference number regarding your train ticket is QK4EBNQR. Now, just to confirm did you need a guesthouse?
Can I get the price and travel time for the train?|There are several guesthouses in the area.  archway house is a good fit located at 52 gilbert road.  Would you like to book it?
I still need the price and travel time for train TR2694. For the guesthouse, I need the address and number of stars for a moderate guesthouse with wifi and parking.|75.10 pounds per ticket, the trip lasts 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I was still needing the address and number of stars for a moderately priced guesthouse with free wifi and parking.|I can recommend acorn guest house, they are at 154 chesterton road.
That works! Please book it!|What day would you like to begin your stay. And how many days and people in your party?
How many stars is Acorn Guesthouse, and what is its address?|It is a 4 star hotel and the address is 154 chesterton road, would you like me to book it?
No, don't book it.  Can you look for a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday?|There is a train on Wednesday at 11:01 am.
That sounds good. What is the train ID number? I also need the price and travel time.|The ID is TR2694, the price is 75.10 pounds and the travel time is 163 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hello, I am in need of a 4 star place to stay in the north,please.|There are 5 guesthouses and 0 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you require parking or a specific price range?
I would like free wifi.|The Avalon may be a good choice.
Is that a guesthouse? If so, can you book me a room for Sunday for 5 people, 2 nights?|It is. Reference number is : W7KCVTHJ. Anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine, in the same area as the hotel.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Moderate price range thank you|Then I would recommend the Golden Wok. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they serve barbeque food?|They do not. They are a Chinese restaurant. Would you like me to find a barbecue place?
I'm sorry, I think I'm spending too much money on this trip. Can you look for a cheap restaurant in the north that serves barbeque?|I am sorry but there are no cheap, barbecue restaurants in the north. Do you want another cuisine or area?
Is there a cheap italian food restaurant?|da vinci pizzeria is cheap, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 5 people, 15:00 on sunday please.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Hello, are you still there?  Its been a few minutes.  I'm kind of in a hurry, is there a problem with the booking?|sorry i was trying to make sure i book the right was. it is now booked.Reference number is : D5LV4L6Y.
i also need to use a taxi|Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your destination, departure site, and what time you would like to leave or arrive by.
I want to arrive at da vinci pizzeria by 15:00.|Okay! From where are you departing?
From the hotel discussed.|Great, I will book that for you now.
Have you b ooked that yet? I need the reference number.|Of course. The reference is W7KCVTHJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.|You are more than welcome.
I'm looking for a place to eat in Cambridge. I'd like to eat light bites in the mid price range please.|Hmmm. Nothing is coming to mind for light bites in that price range. May I suggest something else for dining?
Okay, how about some Italian food? That sounds good, too.|Is there a certain area you prefer?
anywhere should be fine. find me the postcode, phone number and location please.|You should try Prezzo it is located at 21-24 Northampton Road in the West, post code cb30ad and their number is 0179952160. Do you need more help today?
I would like to find a room as well, with free wifi.|We have several is there a specific area or price range you'd like me to look at?
I want a 4 star place with the same price range as the restaurant. And free parking as well.|How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Sure, can you book that for me? Starting friday, 2 nights, and 5 people|I apologize, but our hotel booking system is currently down.  Can I help you with something else?
That is all that I need.|I apologize for the delay.  The system is up and the booking was successful. Your reference number is GXCM3S30.
Thank you that is all I need today. Have a great day.|Okay, I am happy to have assisted! Goodbye!
I need to find a place to stay tonight in the South please.|What price range are you looking for?
Moderate pricing and I dont care where they charge for parking or not.|Do you have a preference of star rating?
Yes, four star please.|I do happen to have one place that would fit your needs. It's the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. They have free parking and internet. Can I book a stay for you?
Not at this time. Could I get the address for the Hotel?|Sure, the address is 5 mowbray road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information on pizza express Fen Ditton.|Sure. Pizza Express Fen Ditton is a great italian restaurant in the centre of town. What information do you need?
Could you make a reservation for 7 people for Friday at 11:45, please? I appreciate it.|Your reservation for 7 at Pizza express Fen Ditton this Friday at 11:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : E5ZUIWJS.
Fantastic thats everything thanks!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.|Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.|The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?|Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?|Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you. I will call you back if we decide to stay there.|Okay sounds good is there anything else I can do,
No, thank you. YOu've been a great help.|Your welcome and good bye
I'll be travelling to Cambridge to do some sightseeing and need a place to stay.  I'd love to stay in a guesthouse rather than a hotel.|I have 24 options to choose from. Do you have a preference for area, stars, pricerange or internet?
I would really like something in the North with a two star rating.|I am sorry but I am not showing any 2 star guesthouse in the North. Would you like to me check availability for 3 or 4 star in the North?
How about some options for 2 star hotels instead of guesthouses.|I still can't find anything that matches that. Could you like us to look at other areas of the  city?
Are there any other type of hotels that match?|I'm terribly sorry, I have nothing that has two stars in the north at all.
I really need a hotel room in the north with a 2 star rating. Can you please double check?|I just double checked and nothing. Do you want to try another star rated hotel?
Well, maybe you can help me find an attraction called the Gallery at Twelve a High Street.|The gallery at twelve a high street is a museum on the eastside. address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264. Entrance is free. Anything else you need today?
No that is ok. Thank you.|Thank you! Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Good choice. What can i help you with?
bridge guest house is what Im looking for for 7 people and 3 nights|I would like to help you book your hotel. What day would you like to reserve it for?
I'd like for it to start on Wednesday.|Your reference number is: JN5H0ILV. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train that gets in to cambridge that day. I won't be able to leave until after 13:15 though.|I have many trains available. What is your departure site and time you would like to arrive?
I'm looking to come from broxbourne.|There are 11 trains that fit your needs. The earliest arrives at 14:32. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Pick the best one and please give price and Train ID.|How many tickets do you need?
I would just like the know the price per ticket please.  And the train ID.|The train ID is TR3470 and the cost is 17.90 pounds.
Thanks so much. That was everything I needed at this time.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I need a place to stay, can you help?|What price range and in what area?
I don't care about price, but I'd like to stay in the south.  I do like guesthouses better than hotels.|Do you have a preference of number of stars?
I do not have a star preference.|How about Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse on Mowbray Road? It has 4 stars and is in the moderate price range.
Great. Can you tell me their post code, and if they have internet?|The postcode is cb17sr and they have internet. Would you like me to book it?
I'm not ready to book yet.  Would you also look up places I can visit while I am in town?|of course, any museums you're interested in?
I'd like to find a very nice park out in the south.|I would recommend sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway
Can I have their address and postcode.|Of course! Their address is fen causeway, newnham road and the post code is cb22ad.
I also need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 05:45, contact number and car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey audi
Contact number	:	07742989750
Help Desk : (Your response)
Thanks for your help!|Have a great day!
Hi there.  I am excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Absolutely we have 79 attractions, do you have a type?
Seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun!  Anyway I need a 0 star hotel with free parking.|I'm sorry there are not any matches for what you are looking for.  How about a guesthouse instead of a hotel?
Yes, that would be fine.  Something in the west would be great.|I'm sorry, but there is nothing with 0 stars in the west.
What about in the center?|Yes I found one guesthouse called el shaddai. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I was able to make the booking. 
Reference number is : MNL7UFXJ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I would prefer something near the hotel.|I highly suggest the Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
That will be fine. I'll need the postcode and attraction type?|The postcode is cb11ps and the attraction type is cinema.
Thank You!, I will need to book a taxi that can depart by 12:30, please provide me with contact and the type of car.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow BMW. Please call 07643657212 should you need to reach them.
thanks alot for yor help. that is all for today|Have a great time.
I will, thanks! You have a great day to. Bye.|You're welcome.
I need a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should go to stevenage.|I have 10 options available. Is there a particular time you wish to depart?
Yes, I have to leave Cambridge and arrive by 19:45 in Stevenage.|TR5695 departs at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10. Can I book that for you?
Yes please, just myself. Can you please provide the reference number as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 26IZGBI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel as well.|OK, where are you wanting the hotel to be at, or do you have a specific price range you would like to stay in?
No price range,please book me a place and I need postcode|What type of lodging would you prefer?  And in which area?
Actually I think I've heard of a specific place - the Bridge Guest House? Do you have any info on them?|The bridge guest house is located in the south and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. But can you provide me with their postcode?|Sure, the postcode is cb28rj. Anything else I can get you today?
No that is all the information I needed. Thank you for all your help. Goodbye|Your welcome, good bye
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.|What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?|I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?
I do not have a preference on area.|I can suggest the avalon located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?|It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?|Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is  ZG7G439M. Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.|There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?
I am leaving after 16:45, can I also get the price for the tickets?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Okay! Would you like to take the train that leaves at 17:06?
i want one that will leave at 16:45 as i said earlier|There is not one that leaves at 16:45.
It doesn't need to leave at 16:45, but after.  Sorry about that.|TR5473 leaves Cambridge at 17:06 and arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Will that work for you?
That sounds like it might work, could you just forward me the price of that one please?|That train ride will cost 13.20 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
That will be all today, thank you!|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Goodbye.
Do you have any places to stay in the west that include free parking?|Yes, we have four, two guesthouses and two hotels. Do you have a preference?
Are any of those in the cheap price range with free wifi as well?|I have two options, a guest house and a hotel. Which do you prefer.
I would like the hotel for one person for 4 nights starting on Friday|I'm sorry, but they have no vacancy at that time. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or perhaps a different arrival day?
Yes, let's try for just one night please.|I have successfully booked you a room at The Cambridge Belfry for Friday. Your reference number is DE3B03B6. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I find someplace in the same area of town to go to do something?|magdalene college would be nice for you
I'm looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the west side of town. Can you tell me about my options?|The Huntingdon Marriott is expensive, and I also have the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap. Are you interested in one of these?
What do you have with a rating of 1 star?|There are no 1 star hotels in that part of town.  Is there another area you might be interested in?
No, it has to be in the west. A 4 star place would be okay, as long as it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.|No hotels meet your criteria. Would you like to change your criteria?
Well, I definitely want a hotel in the West. I need one for 6 people for a stay of 5 nights starting Saturday.|Sorry, there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Could you change your criteria?
Is the Cambridge Belfry available for 4 nights starting Saturday for 6 people?|Unfortunately, no. Can we try a shorter stay period?
Are there any four star hotels in the west?|Yes, huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry.
TO recap, I need a hotel in the West, four stars.|huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry are 4 star hotels in the west.  The second hotel is cheap & the first is expensive, which would you prefer?
I'd rather have the least expensive one. What star rating is it?|It is a 4-star rating.
OK, can you just book a 4 star hotel room in the west part of town?  Any one is fine.|Both of these hotels are booked. Would you like to change any of your parameters?
Let me try again.  I am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 6 people.  Checking in on Saturday, 5 nights.|That worked, thank you for summarizing for me.  Your reference number is U0E4KO2T.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a Hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please recheck that you can't book that.|I have that all worked out for you, the reference code is MQ7AMF1M. The hotel is the Cabdrife Butterfly.Is there anything else you need?
No, I'm sorry that was so confusing.  It appears I have 2 hotels, but that is better than 0.  Have a good day.  Bye.|You have a good day also.  Bye.
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.|Acorn guest house meets all your needs, would you like to book that?
That's perfect. I would like to book it for 1 person. It needs to be for 4 nights beginning Saturday.|I'm sorry, but the Acorn Guest House doesn't have those dates available. Would you like to try for a different day or shorter stay?
Yes, please try booking for 2 nights.|Your booking for 2 nights at the Acorn Guesthouse was a success! Your reference number is R4ES2ZFT. What else can I do for you today?
Are there any attractions to see in town?  I'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.|We have 79 museums listed. Would you like a certain area of town?
Which is your favorite museum? If you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, I'll give them a call.|I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery.  It has a free entrance.
Ok, that sounds great.|The postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 King Street.  The phone number there is 01223314960.  Anything else?
Yes, I'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.|When do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave the Acorn by 5:00 if possible.|Your taxi booking was a success! The taxi will be a red Lexus with contact number 07432305998.
Okay great! That is all I need. Thank you.|I am happy to have helped.  Thank you, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I need some tourist information please. I need to know about a hotel called the arbury lodge guest house.|The arbury lodge questhouse is in the north area and has a moderate pricerange.  It is 4 stars and has free parking and internet.
I would like to book a stay for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Good news I was able to get this for you.  Reference  I4DXHDJL.  Can I help you find other things to do in the area as well?
I am also looking to eat somewhere expensive, in the South area of town.|There are two Chinese, one Indian, one Italian, and one Mexican restaurants. Which of those would you like?
I would like the Italian place please.|Frankie and Benny's is an expensive restaurant which is expensive would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, book for 3 people on tuesday at 18:30 and give me the reference number|Your booking is complete and the reference number is VVBM497N.
I will also need a taxi, please.|Where would you like your taxi to pick you up and drop you off?
I want to be picked up at the hotel and dropped off at the restaurant.|And what time would you like the taxi?
I want the taxi to get me to the restaurant by 18:30.|black bmw
Contact number	:	07631265313
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope that'll be all for now. Thank you have a good day.|Okay, goodbye I hope you enjoy your time in town!
I would like the address to the Carolina Bed and Breakfast hotel in Cambridge.|It is located at 138 perne road
What is the price range of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?|It's in the moderate price range.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in town. I'm particularly interested in colleges. Any recommendations?|I have 18 different colleges available. Is there a particular area of town or price range you're looking for?
You can choose which ever is best, can I have the postcode?|Clare Hall is a favorite of mine is the west. The post code is cb39al. May I help you with anything else?
No that takes care of it,thank you|I'm happy we could be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Could you help me find a restaurant with middle-eastern cuisine?|There is no such match. Do you have any other food preferences?
maybe one that serves chinese food. and it should be located in the centre|Charlie chan is an affordable option.
Ok, sounds good.  Could I make a reservation for 3 for thursday at 13:30?  Can you send me a reference number as well.  Thanks!|Excellent choice.  Your table is reserved.  Reference BCKQCXNI.  Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay with free wifi and in the same area as the restaurant.|I have many choices for you. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter but I would like a guesthouse with free parking.|I have two. Would you like more info on them?
Do they both have free wifi and parking? Which would you recommend?|Yes. I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a 4-star guesthouse. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please make those for 5 nights on the same day for the same people.|i will work on getting this booked.
i also need a taxi to commute between these two places|I was able to complete this transaction for you. Reference number is 4AMSSSO2,
Can I get the number for the taxi and the car type?|Your booking is complete.  You will have a grey toyota and the contact number is:07579620224.
I'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.|they are many. what is your prefered food type?
Are there any restaurants that serve French food? If so, I will need the phone number to the restaurant.|yes cote does. can i give you their contact?
Yes please. I did state that I wanted the phone number.|The number for Cote is 01223311053.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me some information on a hotel called holiday inn Cambridge, please?|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2-star hotel in the east. They're located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please! I'll be traveling solo, and I need 3 nights starting Monday.|Ok.  I've booked a room with a queen sized bed for 3 nights starting Monday at the Holiday Inn Cambridge.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi that will take me to the hotel from the restaurant?|Sure, what time should I set it up for the taxi to pick you up?
Well, I need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 09:15.  I need the contact number and car type please.|Alright, you'll be picked up by a grey Volvo, and the contact number is 07916701458. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is all. Goodbye|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I am looking for a specific hotel.|Not a problem. If you give me the name, or as much of the name as you remember, I can try to find that for you.
It was arbury lodge guesthouse.|Of course. That's in the north part of town and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I need one for 4 nights for two people staring from Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 04UQ2GXW.
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|sorry, there are none, can we try another area?
How about a nightclub instead?|There are five options, i personally recommend Kambar, would you like more info?
I like the name. Could you give me Kambar's address, postcode and entrance fee please?|Kambar is at 1 Wheeler Street. The postcode is cb23qb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? It should pick me up from the hotel at 13:45 and take me to Kambar|Your car has been booked. The car is a black Honda and the contact number is 07050481392. Anything else you need help with today?
No, there is nothing else I need today.|You are welcome, have a great day.
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge and going to Ely. Can you help?|I can help! There are many options
I need to leave on Friday and arrive by 21:45.|There is the TR6053 that arrives by 20:07. Do you want me to book it?
What's the travel time on that one?|You can book TR6053 since it is only a 17 minute trip. Thank you
What time does that train leave Cambridge? I also need a place to stay in Ely, with free parking and free wifi?|The train leaves ely at 19:50. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Really makes no difference to me as long as its on the North side of town|I have about 11 different places so far. Do you have a certain price range in mind? That may help narrow it down some.
I will take any suggestions you have.|The hamilton lodge is moderately priced and has 3 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
Can you confirm if the hamilton lodge has both free parking and free wifi?|Yes, the hamilton lodge has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book?
No, not today. I just needed information.|No problem, anything else besides the hotel and train today?
no that is all thanks|You are welcome. It was a pleasure serving you from Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am from out of the area and would love some help finding a room somewhere in the city.|Sure, I'd be happy to help. Do have a price range or particular area of town you're interested in?
I'd like it to include free parking and be in the north please.|I have several options for you with prices ranging from cheap to moderate. I recommend the Archway House.
Is that a guesthouse? I would really like that.|Yes, The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north. It's moderately priced, has 4 stars and includes free wifi and internet. Can I book you a room there?
You certainly can, thank you.  I will be the only guest and I'd like to check in for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry.  They are booked up through those days.  Would you like to try for one day?
Yes, 1 night would be fine.|I have booked you for Wednesday night at the Archway House. Your reference number is 1MWP83E1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! That's all, thanks!|Welcome, hope you enjoy your day.
Hi there. I'd like to find a place to stay. It doesn't need to have any stars, but I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.|Do you have a side of town you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference on what side of town, but it does need to include parking.|There are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels, which do you prefer?
I don't really have a preference, so surprise me!|I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
What's the star rating on it?|The acorn guest house is 4 stars. Is there anything else you need?
I need the type of place it is, the number and full adress please.|It's a guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Great thank you I also will need some info on a restaurant called The Copper Kettle|The copper kettle is a british type located in the centre area and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 2 people at 15:30 on Monday, please.|I have the booking reserved. The reference number is NBW5RHEE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to get me from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|Alright, I have got you a taxi to get you to the restaurant by your reservation time. Be looking for a grey Audi. Their contact number is 07643250186 just in case.
Thank you very much for the service.|Your welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thats all thank you for your help,goodbye|You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
I don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the alexander bed and breakfast?|sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Ah, I just wanted to know it was still open. Could you book me a room?|Sure, what day would you like it for?
3 nights starting from friday.|A reservation for 1 person?
No, I would like it for 4 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CRLJAWX3.
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east please.|There are a few Indian restaurants in the east, do you have a price range you are trying to stick to?
In the mid-range would be fine.|Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. How many people will be dining?
4 of us Friday at 14:45 I need the reference number too.|Your table is reserved, reference #NKKOLWNU. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd also like to book a taxi. I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be traveling between the hotel and restaurant.|What time would you like to travel?
I would like to get to the restaurant by 14:45 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white honda
Contact number	:	07125482836
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|You're welcome! Goodbye.
I need to find a place to stay in the centre of town.|Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap guest house with wifi.|Perfect. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the center with free internet and parking. Can I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I will be there for three nights.|How many people and from what day will you stay?
We arrive on Monday and stay for 3 nights, there are 7 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DHS86PO0.  Can I help with anything else today?
I need to find a place to eat as well.|I would love to help you with that. Do you have anything specific in mind? Area? Price range?
I am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- centre and cheap.|dojo noodle bar would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
Actually I want a restaurant that serves food in the type of the americas|There are no cheap restaurants in the centre of town serving cheap food from the Americas. Wild you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Sure, how about Portuguese?|Nandos City Centre is a cheap place to eat and is in centre. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. Also, I'd like to get a taxi and leave the hotel at 14:30. Could you get me the contact number and car type?|A black volkswagen is booked for you. The contact number is 07101354106. Anything else today, or will that be all?
Thanks for all of your help today you have been wonderful!|So glad I could be of assistance. Have a lovely day!
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.|There are 32 matching that. Do you have a price range or an area preference?
Yes, I'd like to stay on the north end of the city if possible. No too expensive, please. Something that's moderately priced would be best.|How many days will you be staying?
I'm not sure yet. If you have a moderately priced hotel in the north with wifi, I need the name and phone number.|I have found matching two hotels in that area. Ashley Hotel has two stars, and Lovell Lodge also has two stars. Would you like me to book one?
No thanks. I just need the postcode and phone number of Lovell Lodge please.|The postcode is cb41sr and phone number is 01223425478. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
Hello I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. Any suggestions?|Yes the Grafton Hotel has a very nice restaurant.
Is the food there gastropub?|They are British, would you like me to look up a gastropub?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 on Tuesday at 19:30?|Royal Standard is the only expensive gastropub in the east. I booked a party for 6 at 19:30 with reference YHCVV3FQ.
I am also looking for a Hotel by the name of Allenbell.|Of course, would you like me to book it?
Yes i need it for 4 nights starting Tuesday for 6 people.|Your booking was successful, and your reference number is OMITG48O. Is there anything else I can assist you with tonight?
No, that is all.  Thank you very much.|Have a good trip! Good bye.
I am looking for train from London Kings Cross and should leave after 21:30.|We have several trains available. Is there a particularly day you wish to leave on?
I would be leaving on Tuesday going to Cambridge.|I have one train available that meets what you need. Train TR2471 leaves at 23:17 and arrives on 24:08. Would you like me to book you a ticket for this train?
Yes, please. Can I have the Train ID and total travel time, as well?|Sure. The train ID is TR2471 and the duration is 51 minutes.
Thanks. Can you also help with a guesthouse to stay out? I prefer in the east.|There are six.  Would you like one moderately priced or cheap?
Doesn't matter, do any have a 4 star rating?|Yes I have many 4 star guesthouses matching your criteria. Do you have a preference for free parking and/or internet amenities?
Sure free parking is fine, let me know if they do or don't. Please also give me a phone number, internet doesn't matter.|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has free parking and their phone number is 01223247015, do you want me to book a reservation for you?
No. I don't need a reservation now. Thank you very much for all your help.|Terrific, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that'll do it, thanks for your time!|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
I'd like to get to Cambridge by train, but I'm afraid I need to travel on Sunday. Will that be possible?|From where are you departing?
I am leaving from Broxbourne.|There are 19 trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time when you need to travel?
Can you get me one that'll arrive by 18:30?|I have just the train for you!  TR9331 will arrive in Cambridge at 17:32, which is within your desired timeframe.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please.  I need 2 tickets.|I was able to get 2 tickets. Your total is 28.64 GBP and will be payable at the station. Your reference number is 8UDKCNBU.
Perfect, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the area, preferably in the North. Do you have an option that has free parking?|We have many in that area with free parking. Might I suggest the acorn guest house?
Sure. Please book for 4 nights starting on the same day.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you so much.  Can I get the reference number also, please?|I'm sorry, how many people would you like to book the room for?
2 people, 4 nights, for sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : I78WB6O9.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks a bunch! Goodbye|You're welcome, it was a pleasure serving you!
Do you have directions to a guesthouse I can rent in the west of Cambridge?|i have a variety. if you can narrow down your choice by price range and maybe rating.
A 3 star rating would be perfect.|Hobsons House is at address 96 barton road postcode cb39lh and their phone number is 01223304906.
Great, can you help me find some place to go in the Centre, maybe a college?|There are 13 to choose from, are you looking for one with free admission?
That doesn't actually matter. You can choose the one you most recommend and then please tell me the phone number and postcode|How about Christ's college?
Yeah that is fine, can I get their phone number and zip code?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two. I want to leave the hotel by 20:45.|Booked car type	:	white bmw. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's it for me today. Thanks so much! Bye!|Your welcome. Contact us again anytime. Good Bye!
I am leaving Tuesday and need to take a train from Cambridge to Ely|Certainly. It looks like the trip is 17 minutes long. When would you like to leave?
I need the train to arrive by 11:15.|The TR3246 arrives at 10:07, would you like to book that train?
When does that train depart?|The train departs at 09:50.
Great.  I'm not ready to book today though.  I am also looking for a place to stay.|where are you staying and for how long and how many rooms please
I don't know where I am staying. I'm looking for a guesthouse and I thought you could help.|There is a variety of guesthouses to choose from.  How much would you like to spend?  We have cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I would like the expensive price range.|I don't have anything in the expensive range that fits that criteria.
If you can't find a guesthouse, could you look for a hotel?|There are 5 available hotels. What area were you looking to stay?
i would prefer the south. are there any in that area?|There is one expensive hotel in the south -- The Lensfield Hotel. It is a 3-star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from Thursday.
Make sure you get the reference number|The Lensfield Hotel will be expecting the 3 of you to arrive on Thursday and to stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VOGVC4RY.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay, I'd prefer a hotel.|We have 9 hotels in town, do you have a side of town you'd like to stay on?
No, but I'd prefer a hotel in the expensive price range. I do not need free parking.|We have five expensive hotels around town, ranging from 3 star to 4 star.
Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is a personal favorite. Would you like me to see what is available?
Okay, let's book it for two people for 5 nights starting Friday.|I couldn't get you a room at the Lensfield. Maybe a shorter stay or different hotel?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range.|Okay I was able to book you into the Gonville and your reference number is : PVRV1EEJ.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay at the Gonville Hotel.  Bye.
I am going to cambridge and need a hotel|I can help with that. Do you have a preferred price range in mind?
Not really.  I like 4 star places that include free parking though.|I have several places. Which area would you prefer to be in.
I'd like to be in the north side of town.|I did not find a hotel that fits your criteria on the north side of town, but there are several guesthouses.  Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Can you provide me the phone number and price range of the best guest house?|Yes the phone number to the acorn guest house 01223353888 with a price range of moderate
I am also look for a train on saturday to broxbourne.|There are several trains headed to broxbourne. What time of day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 16:15.|Train TR5688 is departing to broxbourne at 17:01 would you like to book this?
Yes, can you please book for 3 seats?|That booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP and your reference #1l0FBGWG
Thank you. That's everything I needed.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay at?|We have nine cheap guest houses. All offer free internet and free parking. Some have 0 star ratings and others have 4 stars. What sounds good to you?
Great, I want one with 4 Stars.|There are several that meet that criteria. I can recommend the Autumn House in the East of the city.
Sure. Please book a reservation for two people, Saturday, two nights.|Autumn House is full.  Can I try to reserve one of the other ones for you?
Yes, try another place as long as it is still in the cheap price range.|How about allenbell? Your reference number is 2SUPQQPL.
That will work,thank you for booking it,goodbye.|Thank you and goodbye.
I'm interested in finding a hotel that has free parking that I can stay at.|There are 8 hotels that provide parking. There is no information on free parking but there is one hotel in the cheap price range. Would you be interested?
Yes I need a place to stay for sure.  I like 3 star hotels.  Do you have any 3 stars?|There are several. I have two hotel options, both on the expensive side. If you'd rather something more moderately priced, there are also some guesthouses available.
Oh I almost forgot, I also need the hotel to provide free wifi.  That may narrow my options down a bit.  Can you check?|Okay, there are 5 options. May I recommend the Bridge Guest House?
That is great. I need it for Tuesday. 7 people lasting 5 nights.|I was able to book the room the reference number is WYIXGGE0. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a Spanish place to eat at.|There are two Spanish restaurants in the centre of town, one cheap and one moderately priced. Which one would you be interested in?
Surprise me! I really don't care.|Then I would like to recommend la tasca as the better of the two.
Great, lets set up a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 on Tuesday.|Ok, I've made a booking for you. Reference number is : DWPPYCE4. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Fantastic, have a great trip!
I need a place to stay with a star rating of 0.|Okay we have three options in that category. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre of Cambridge?
That doesn't matter as long as the hotel is expensive.|I have none in that price range,can I check in another realistic price range?
How about something cheap?|I ave 2 listings one for city centre north b and b and another for el shaddai.
Does the City Centre North B and B offer free wifi? If so, can you please book it for Saturday with 8 guests, 2 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is  WDVI9XCT. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh, we need a train departing from norwich going to cambridge. Can you give me some departure times and how long is the travel?|Trains leave every hour and the travel time is 79 minutes.  Can I book a certain day and time for you?
I would like a train leaving after 18:15 on the same day as my hotel booking.|I have train TR8600 leaving at 18:16 and arriving at 19:35.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?|How many seats will you need?
I won't need a ticket. Can I just have the price, please?|The price is 14.08 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks. i'm done. have a nice day. bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.|I can definitely help you out with that. Is there a certain area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to be in the centre of town, and I need the hotel to include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range. It has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect. There will be six of us.|I will need to know how many nights and what day you will be starting your stay before we finish the booking.
We will be arriving on Friday and staying 3 nights.|I have booked your stay at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for Friday for 3 days for 6 people. Your reference number is DJF36WMD. Is there anything else I can help you with today.
I will need to take a train from Leicester on the same day as my hotel booking.|All trips from leicester cost 37.8 pounds and take 105 minutes. Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:45 heading for Cambridge. Go ahead and book the closest time and give me the train ID and arrival time.|The train ID is TR9629, leaving at 18:09 and arriving by 19:54. Can you tell me how many tickets you would like to purchase?
I'd like one ticket please.|Alright I've booked you one ticket, the total will be 37.79 and your reference number is PGY0G1J2. How else can I help you?
Can you please schedule a taxi to take me from the station to my hotel?|Sure, you need a taxi to  Alexander Bed and Breakfast from where, and do you have an arrival time request?
I do not. I just need the train ID and what arrival time it has.|The train arrives by 19:54 and TR9629 is the train id.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with? Possibly entertainment or places to visit on your trip?
Please send me general information about a particular hotel called the lensfield hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive hotel in the south rated 3 stars. Internet and parking are included in the price of your stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for just me starting on Monday?|it was  successful.Reference number is : MB909S4Y.
I am also looking for a train out of bishops stortford please.|i will book it for you and thank you for your time with us
I need a place to stay in the cheap price range.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available
it should be  a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse. is it?|yes it is . can i give you the contact?
I would like to book it for 6 people staying 4 nights.|I'd be happy to help with your request, what day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Tuesday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and the reference number is  7SJQKM1T.
Thank you. While I have your attention, do you mind looking up a particular attraction for me? I believe it was called "hughes hall."|Yes their address is Wollaston road and their telephone number is 01223334898.
Could you tell me their postcode and what kind of attraction it is?|Of course, it is a college and the post code is cb12ew.
I need a taxi leaving the college at 03:00 then.|And what is your destination?
hughes hall college postal code cb12ew|I need the destination from Hughes Hall College.
I am excited to see some local attractions.  Can you help me with a particular one?|Sure.  Were you looking for a particular area of town to visit?
Actually, a friend was telling me about this great gallery in town. It was called the Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Can you tell me about it?|It is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road in the east of the town. Here's the phone number 01223902116
I am also looking for a place to stay at. Any recommendations?|Would you like to stay in the East part of town, near the gallery?
No, I'd like a 3 star guesthouse in the south.|We have one guesthouse in the south. Bridge Guest House on 151 Hills Road. Would you like to reserve a room?
Can you let me know the price range of the guesthouse?|Certainly! The price range is moderate. Their phone number is 01223247942. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will book later on my own. Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm looking for a train that departs out of town on Monday. I'm in Cambridge now.|There are many trains that match this search. Where would you like your destination to be?
What trains do you see listed leaving Monday?|Well, there are 202 total, where would you want to go?
I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.|We have ten trains leaving from Cambridge to London - Liverpool Street. Did you need to arrive by a particular time?
Yes, I need leave before 1:00 PM.|Alright. TR7276 Leaves Cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at London Liverpool St at 13:27. Does that work?
No, I need to arrive by 12:00.|The TR3085 leaves cambridge on monday at 0959 and arrives at london liverpool street at 11:27. Does that work?
Yes thanks but I need the price for the train.|The cost for the train is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Could you also help me find a moderately priced lodging?|there are 3 available hotels, do you need free parking?
Yes. I also would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.|The archway house fits your criteria. Would you like to book there?
Does the Archway House have internet?|Yes, I believe it does.
What's the phone number there?|Their phone number is 01223575314.
Great, thanks. Can I please also get the address?|Sure, it is located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary, that's all I needed. Thank You!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye!|Thank you for calling!
Hello, I would like to know about places to go in the south of town.|There are a range of attractions you can visit in the south. These attractions include nightclubs, cinemas, museums and entertainment places. Is there a specific type you would like?
What entertainment places are located there?|The following entertainment venues in the south are Nusha 01223902158 and Tenpin 08715501010.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
What is the address of Nusha?|Nusha can be found at unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a 4 star place to stay with free WiFi.  Do you have anything?|Yes there are many options to choose from. Would you like me to book a room for you at one of these locations?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the south, free wifi also, and 4 stars. Whatever matches I need a room for 4 nights on Tuesday for 8 people.|I can book you at the aylesbray lodge guest house. Does that sound good?
Sounds good!  Go ahead and book it, please!|we are currently full on Tuesday would you like to book at another hotel?
can I just try maybe 3 nights?|Nice it works. So the reference for your booking is 56E9MW1N. Do you need further assistance?
Yes. Can you also call me a taxi to connect between the two places? I would like to leave the hotel at 14:00.|You are all set. Your cab will be a blue volkswagen with a contact number 07961227809. Is there anything else I can help?
No that's all i need. Thank you for your help!|You have a wonderful day!
I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.|Ok, what day will you be traveling?
Thursday. I need to arrive by 12:45.|The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?
Yes, that works.  Can I get the train id number and the price please?|the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.
What is the departure time of that also please?|TR7966 departs at 5:40.
Great.  Now I need a place to stay.|There are 33 different lodging options in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
It should be a 4 star hotel.|What area and price range are you looking for?
Type doesn't matter. I want it to be cheap and in the north. With a 4 star rating.|The worth house is located in the north and cheap, would you like a reservation?
Is it rated 4 stars?|Yes it is a four star. It also has free internet and free parking. When were you planning your stay?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : M0ZETXSZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. I am all set.|That's great. Have a safe trip. goodbye.
I need a guesthouse.|I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
In the east, please. Something inexpensive, with free parking.|I have 3 such places available. Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Which guesthouse do you prefer?
If the allenbell is cheap, I would like to book ti for tuesday.|How many days will you be staying and will there be other travellers with you?
There are 5 people in my group and we will be staying 2 nights.|Okay, I have you booked for 5 people, 2 days, beginning on Tuesday.  Your reference number is UFT1H00C.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes!  Can you help me find a restaurant near the hotel?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a specific type of food you were looking for?
I'd like international food, please.|The missing sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east. Will that work for you?
Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 5 people at 17:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YCXB5JQE. Will there be anything else today?
no thanks,thats all for now|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north, that offers free parking.|We have 11 different options, any other features that you are looking for?
I'd prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel, if possible.|Did you have a particular price range in mind?
no, but i want free parking.|Acorn guest house is a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you book a room for Thursday for 5 people, 4 nights?|Absolutely, your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9AN6IOSF.
Perfect. I'm also looking for a moderately priced swedish restaurant.|I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you find a restaurant in the north?|There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the north. Both are moderate priced which do you prefer?
The indian place could work.|Ok great and how many people will the table be for?
There will be 5 of us for Thursday.|Sure, what time would you like the reservation for?
I would like reservations at 13:15.|I reserved a table at the nirala, your reference # is 6KLPX1T4, anything else?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|I booked you a taxi! It's a Red BMW and the contact number is: 07337581816.
I need a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.|We have 5 places in the center, ranging from cheap to expensive. What's your price range?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse and I would like the place to have a 1 star rating.Is anything like that available?|No, but I do have a 0 star! Want to live on the wild side and give it a try?
I don't think so. How about one with a 4-star rating then?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is just what you need, then. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. I'd just like to know about the parking, price range, and phone number, please?|Alexander B&B is a cheap guesthouse. They are 4 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Their postcode is cb12de. Phone number is 01223525725.
Awesome, thanks. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday after 13:15.|I can help you find a train but first  I need to know your departure and arrival station.
I am departing from Standsted Airport and would like to go to Cambridge.|We have 11 trains leaving every hour from 13:24 to 23:24. How early or late do you want to leave?
let's go with 13:24. Please give me the arrival time and train id.|The train ID is TR6980, it will arrive by 13:52, can I assist with anything else?
That is all for tonight. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day!
There is a place I want to see, can you help me?|I certainly hope so! We have a lot of interesting places to see in Cambridge. Is there something specific you're looking for?
I am looking for a attraction called cineworld cinema.|It's located in southern Cambridge at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 00872208000. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a place to eat?|What type of food would you like?
Actually never mind.  I would actually like just find a place to stay in the cheap price range in the west.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular type of cuisine you were interested in?
The hotel I'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the cheap range, somewhere in the West. It'll be for 3 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Okay. We have you booked at the Cambridge Belfry. The reference number is Y8Y2HVXE.
thanks alot and is there parking for two cars?|I'm afraid I can only see that they have parking available. If you need to park two cars, I would phone them on 01954714600. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need.|Fantastic, enjoy your trip!
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at in the south.|You can try taj tandoori for indian.  Need a reservation?
Sounds good.  Yes, for 6 people on Monday at 18:15.|I will make the reservation for you now.
Yes, that would mean you were putting the info in and booking it, followed by giving me the reference number...right?|Yes that is correct,that way you dont miss a spot
Yes I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Peterborough.|And where will the destination be?
I would like to go to Cambridge.|There are 38 trains that can get you there, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after 13:00|The TR5003 train leaves Peterborough at 13:48. I can book you a seat on it if you'd like.
I don't need a ticket right now, but could you tell me the travel time and price?|A single ticket costs 16.50 pounds and total travel time is about 50 minutes. Will that be all today?
I changed my mind can you book that for me please?|Your all set, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : EEJF27IZ.  Bye!
I am looking for pasquale pizzeria.|I have found a Don Pasquale Pizzeria located in Centre, would you like that address?
I would like the address, as well as the phone number. And what is the price range for dinner there?|The address is 12 Market Hill City Centre in postcode cb23nj. The phone number is 01223350106, and it's an expensive restaurant.
Great! I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse to stay in.|May I suggest bridge guest house. They are in the south and moderately priced. How many is in your party and how long is your stay?
I won't be needing a booking. Thank you for the information. Have a great day!|You have a great day too.
Thanks again for the help!|It was my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. Can you please help me find something in the moderate price range? No specific amenities needed.|Sure, are you staying in a certain part of town?
In the west. And 3 stars, please.|I do not have anything fitting that. Do you have any other criteria I can check?
If that is the case, can you look for a hotel that has free wifi? Thanks|I don't have anything fitting that criteria.  Do you have any other criteria I can check or another area?
Could you try looking for something for Wednesday?|I'm sorry, there is nothing that matches your criteria. Are you sure I cannot check another area for you?
Are there any 3 star hotels in the West?|I'm sorry, there really isn't anything in this area that meets your criteria. Perhaps a moderate in another area?
Yes, please try to find something else.|I am sorry there are no 3 star moderately priced hotels.
That would be fine,can you book it for me?|There is a moderate priced guesthouse in the west area that is 3 star. Would that suit your needs?
That sounds good. Can I get a room for 6 people, 2 nights, starting Thursday?|Hobsons house is booked for you. The reference number is JHQJLP4U.
I am also hoping to check out some sports locations in the same area. Can you see what attractions are available in the west?|I apologize we do not have any sport attractions in the west area. Would you like me to look in another area?
Can you look to see if there are colleges in that area?|There are five colleges in the west. I recommend churchill college.
What is the entrance fee and postcode for that one?|Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb30ds
Great!  I'll also be needing a taxi.  Will you book one that will leave the college at 5:45?  I'd also like the car type and their contact number.|You got it, I booked a red tesla for you. The contact number is 07757471475
Thanks! That's all for me. Have a good day!|Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a place stay, some place in the east with a 4 stars.|i found 6. what is your price range?
Something cheap, please!|Ok, there are three available. I suggest the autumn house. It has everything ytou need.
Can you tell me the address, including post code?|Autumn House address is 710 newmarket road, postcode cb58rs. Can I be of further help?
I am looking for gastropub food around the same area as the hotel|we have quite a few what price range are you looking at?
No particular price range. Which one do you recommend?|Royal Standard is a great gastropub located on the east side. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes, If you could that would be great. Thank you|How many people are in your party?
I need a table for 8 at 15:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : DJFSO1BJ.  Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves Corsica food in the expensive price range?|I don't have a match for that food type. I apologize. Would you like to try something else?
Can you try italian food instead?|We have five choices, any area preference in mind?
Any area is fine. Could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? We're looking for something at 18:45 on Tuesday.|Ok, I've made a reservation for you at frankie and bennys. The reference number is O7FO0UHU.
Thank you.  Could you please send me the address and phone number.|Of course.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy.  Phone 01223412430.
now find me a stay in the east and should have  a star of 4|I have 6 results matching your request.  What price range would you like cheap or moderate?
I'm not concerened about pricing, but I would like a 4 start hotel in the east.|I'd recommend the allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Its 4 stars and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No, thanks. I'm all set. Good bye.|Glad I could be of help, goodbye!
Can you help me find an expensive European food local restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine when I get to Cambridge?|How about michaelhouse cafe? They are located in the centre?
Yes, that's perfect. Thank you!|Okay, would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would. I need a sitting for 7 people on Thursday at 13:45, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4668B8BF.anything else?
I need to find a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. I would like to find one with 4 stars.|I have two options for you. Would you prefer something cheap or expensive? And guesthouse or hotel?
I want it to be expensive, and type doesn't matter|University arms Hotel is a 4 star and also has wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I do need reservations.|How many people will the room be for?
I actually don't need a reservation, sorry. Can you just tell me the address and if they have free parking and wifi?|the address of university arms hotel is regent street. It has both parking and internet.
Thanks for your help have a goodnight|Thank you for contacting us. Good Night.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food and is cheap.|La Raza is a cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food. Would you like to a book there?
Yes, please book that. That is all I need.|For what day and time, and for how many people?
For 6 people at 14:15 on Saturday. Can I get the reference number as well?|Your reference number is: X5LRUGFW. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all.|Thank you have a great day.
Can you also find me a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi?|There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel that matches your needs. Do you have an area in mind?
I would like the hotel please.|Sure, the hotel is the cambridge belfry, how many guests, days and starting when can I book this for you.
I need the address and postcode of the hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
You certainly can. I will need a taxi to take me to my reservation at the restaurant, from the hotel.|I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue volvo and the contact number is 0758643360.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.|You are welcome. Enjoy your day!
Can you find me a hotel on the east side?|Sure, there are 7 entries for the eastside, 1 hotel and 6 guesthouses. Are there any special amenities you need or a price range you're looking for?
A 4 star establishment, if possible.|I have 6 guesthouses meeting that criteria. Do you have any other preferences, say a price range?
Try a moderate price range.|That narrows it down to three. A and B guesthouse, Carolina bed and breakfast and Warkworth house.
I'll take Warkworth house. I want to book it for 3 people and  3 nights on Wednesday.|Oh, no! There were no rooms available. would you like to find another hotel, instead?
Sure, either of the other 2 would be fine.|I was able to book at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is V6BZIIOC. Is there anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome. Please call again.
Can you tell me about the Carolina B&B?|The carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east that is in the moderate price range. Are you looking to stay a specific day?
Yes, I need the guesthouse starting Wednesday for 6 people and 3 nights.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book that for me.|Oh dear. I am sorry but the hotel is not available for the time specified. Could we look at a different day or number of nights?
Oh sure, try for 2 nights instead of 3.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is LNE5KHXR
I would also like to find a train that will arrive by 13:45 departing from Cambridge.|Sure, I will be happy to assist you. What day would you want to travel?
I need to get to Kings Lynn on Friday.|TR2621 leaves Friday at 12:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58.  Can I book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people. Please provide me with the reference number as well.|Booking was successful. The total price is 58.8 GBP and your reference number is 24ZD48NB.
Great, thank you!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all for now. Goodbye.|No problem. Thank you!
I'm looking for a place to stay during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|What price range and what area are you looking for?
I would like to stay in the north I have a moderate price range.|There are 11 places that meet those critieria.  Are you looking for a particular star rating?
Yes,  I would like something with a 4 star rating, and I would like for it to be a guesthouse.|I would suggest acorn guest house.
Can you book a room as well?|Yes, what day would you like?
I would like it for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Monday please.|Your rooms have been booked for Monday.  The reference number is JJK77QKA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I was looking for a particular attraction, Saint Catharine's College. What area is it located in?|It is located in the centre. Admission is free.
Ok, can you give me the phone number and address please?|saint catharine's college address is king's parade. Their phone number is 01223338300. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that's all, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you find me a train from Kings Lynn please?|We have several different time slots for Sundays train to Kings Lynn. What time is good for you?
I need to leave after 15:00.|The first train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn departing after 15:00 is the TR2965, leaving at 15:11. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
Yes.  Please book that for 3 people.|I booked the train. Your reference is HFQYOUMG. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel on the north side of town with a 1 star rating|What is your preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price, but it must include free parking.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels fitting your criteria. Would you like to search for something different?
If there is no such hotel, how about one that has a star of 4|I'm sorry I do not have any 4 star hotels in the north part of town with free parking. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Huh. That's odd. I was told there was a good one.|On the north side there are 2 moderate priced hotels both have free parking and internet. They are both 2 stars. Would you be interested in one of these?
I really would prefer a 4 star hotel. Can you please look again on the north side?|I looked again, and there's nothing meeting your criteria. We have several 4 star guesthouses in the north with parking, would that work?
Sure, I'll need it for the same group of people for 3 nights.|Would you like me to recommend a 4-star guest house is the north?
Would you like me to book it for you ?|I would recommend the acorn house.
Ok, can you book for same group of people 3 nights starting on same day?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VTJW67PC. Acorn guest house starting Sunday for 3 people and 3 nights. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You have helped me with everything I need today.  Thank you! That will be all.|Have a great time.
Howdy, I'm looking for a place to stay. I don't care about internet.|There are 33 hotels in Cambridge.  What price range would you like, and what area?
I would like a cheap hotel in the north please.|How about the worth house? It is a 4 star guesthouse and has free internet and free parking.
yes I like that one with the free wifi.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and make it for Friday for 2 days, and 2 people.|I booked you at city centre north b and b. Your reference number is Y87Q565O. Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much for your help.|You are so welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the north side of town?|There are 11 places to stay in the north part of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a need for parking or internet?
Yes, I'd love to have free internet, and I'd really like to stay at a guest house if possible.|The Arbury Lodge Guesthouse has a 4 star rating.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure. Please book for 6 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.|I've successfully booked your room. The reference number is VZCXFU9V.
Can I please have the address?|They are located at 82 arbury road. Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed.|You're welcome, enjoy your stay.
Hi there. I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge.|where are you going to? and what time would you like to travel?
I am going to Peterborough and it should arrive by 17:00 on Tuesday.|Train TR5902 will suit your needs. May I book it for you?
Yes please, I need to book it for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 9YJM47UH.
Thank you I also need help with a hotel. I am looking for a 4 star hotel. What you got?|I have 3 entries available. 2 in the west and 1 in the centre. Do you have a price in mind? Two are expensive and one is cheap
I would prefer the cheaper one, please. What's it called?|The cambridge belfry is located on the west side and is super cheap.
They sound like just what I need. Could you verify whether they have free parking, and give me their address?|Yes they have both free wifi and parking. It's located at back lane, cambourne in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range, the place should have free parking.|The cambridge belfry is available, would you like to book there?
Yes, please for 6 people starting tuesday night.|how many days will you be staying?
I'm sorry, I changed my mind. I don't need a room booked. I just need their address.|No problem. Their address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks. That is all I needed.|If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us, we're always happy to help.
i need a place to stay in Cambridge  thats 4 star with free wifi|the a and b guest house is a great place
Do this hotel offer free parking also?|Unfortunately this guest house doesn't offer parking, would you like me to search for similar hotels that offer parking?
Yes I do.  When you find it, I need 3 nights for 5 people starting on Wednesday.  I'll take the reference number too.|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try searching for something else?
There are seriously no 4 star hotels with free wifi and free parking in all of Cambridge? I'm pretty sure there should be.|The arbury lodge guesthouse is 4 stars, it has internet it is in the moderate price range
Great! Could you book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday?|Sorry for the confusion, I have that booked for you, your reference # is: HQSOZLWH.  Can I help you with anything else today?
how about one that is in the type of nightclub.|There's the club ballare which is rather nice.  Would you like some more information about it?
Yes. May I have the phone number?|sure its 01223364222
Ok. Thanks. All set.|Is there anything more I can help you with?
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Have a good day!
I need a cheap four star room.|There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel meeting your needs. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need it to include free parking.|All 8 have free parking. If you're looking for a guesthouse, might I suggest alexander bed and breakfast?
Do all 8 places have the internet?|Yes, they sure do. Do you prefer a hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you suggest one for me? I need the hotel type, phone number, and whether it has internet or not.|Sure, the Allenbell is a guesthouse with free internet.  The phone number is 01223210353.  Can I be of further assistance?
I also need a train on saturday that departs from cambridge.|What is your destination?
I'm heading to Leicester.  I need to get there by 21:00.|We have 15 trains going to leicester from cambridge arriving by 21:00. Was there a certain time you wanted to leave at?
If I could get the train that arrives closest to 21:00 please.|I recommend train TR6034.  The cost is 30.24 pounds and it will get you there by 20:06.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great if you could book train TR6034 for me. Thank you.|Booking for TR6034 was successful for one person.  Your total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is A1E9MYGC.
That is all I need, thank you.|Thank you and have a great day.
yes you can help me I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the moderate price range.|I have 17 places that match your request. Is there an area or price range you are looking for?
Yes East part of town|I have 3 guest house on that side of town. The warkworth house is a real good one if you would like to book it?
Could you make me a reservation for Thursday for 4 nights?There will be 5 people.|I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful for that time,there are 2 others can I check with either of them?
Yes please check them for me.|Booking was successful. Your reservation is at a and a guest house. Starting on Thursday for 4 nights for 5 people. Your reference number is OFJ58GX8.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Le t us know if you need anything else, good day.
Hello, I need a hotel that's moderately priced, please.|Would you like me to book arbury lodge guesthouse
What is the star rating of the arbury lodge?|It has a four star rating. What else can I do for you?
I am really looking for one with a zero star rating.   What do you have available.|Cityroomz is 0 stars and moderately priced. Do you need assistance booking a room today?
Could you please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Saturday. If 4 nights is not available, how about 2 nights. I also need the reference number.|We couldn't do 4 nights, but I do have you booked for two. Your reference number is L4N1ZRYO. Anything else I can do for you today?
I need a train on Sunday to Cambridge, please.|There are 202 trains, do you have a specific day time or departure in mind?
Yes.  I need the train on Saturday also.  It should leave Norwich and arrive by 8:45.|I have booked for you train TR4202. he total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PI9JS0X7.
I am looking for a place with free parking, Internet is not required.|Alright, there about 30 or so hotels that would work. Did you prefer a certain area or price range?
I don't really have an area or price range in mind at the moment, but I am looking for a place that's a guesthouse.|alright, that narrowed the results down to 21 guesthouses. is there a star rating you are particularly interested in?
There really isn't any particular star rating I'm interested in.|May I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's moderately-priced in the north.
Please tell me its star rating, phone number and address.|The guesthouse has 4 stars. The address is 154 chesteron road. The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like for me to book it?
yes, it is perfect|What day will you be arriving? I also need to know how many people there will be and how long you will be staying.
There will be 8 of us and I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the center for 11;15 on Saturday.  Please send me the reference number.|Let's get your hotel booked first.  I will need to know how many days you'd like to stay and what day you want to begin your stay please.
I'll book the hotel myself, but I would like a restaurant reservation. Someplace moderately priced in the center of town.|There are 21 moderately priced restaurants near the centre. Do you have a type of cuisine in mind?
Not really, but a moderate priced restaurant in the centre would be ideal.|How does the copper kettle sound? It is moderately priced in town centre and serves british food. Can I reserve a table for you?
That's fine. Could you book a table for 8 people at 11:15. I need a reference number. I also need a taxi between both places arriving at the booked time.|It's booked. Reference number is 6JC8SK3S. Your taxi will arrive at 11 it's a red skoda with contact number 07950328037
Thank you. Will it take more than 15 minutes to get from the hotel to the restaurant?|No, your departure is at 11:00 and you will arive by 11:15. Is there anything else I can assist with you today?
No. I believe that will be everything. Thank you.|Thank you and please contact us again if you have any questions.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I don't need a free parking.|I have three guesthouses to choose from. Do you mind they are in the north?
No that is okay, can you book the cheapest one for me please?|They are all moderately priced, but Avalon has free internet and four stars. Would that suit you?
Are there any moderately priced 3 star guesthouses in the west available? If not in the west, what about the north?|This one is in the north a and b guest house
That sounds good. Do they have wifi?|Yes, free wifi.  No free parking though.
That's fine. Could I get their postcode and phone number?|01223315702 and cb12dp.
Thank you I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel serving expensive chinese food.|There is Hakka located at Milton Road Chesterton would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes please. I need it for 8 people on Wednesday at 19:15.|Your table has been booked. The reference number is 3FOO64PM.
Perfect thats all I needed!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Any trains leaving after 18:00?|There are lots of trains that leave after 18:00. Where would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to the Stansted Airport and leave from Cambridge.|Great! That narrows it down a lot. What day will you be leaving?
We will be leaving on Tuesday.  Please book four seats on the train and provide the reference number.  Thank you!|OK, you have 4 tickets reserved on TR9495, leaving Cambridge at 18:40 on Tuesday. The total fee at the station will be 40.4GBP, and your reference number is 4LL98NYC.
I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.|Sure. I can assist you with that request. How many nights will you be staying?
i only need the details. is it a 3 star?|alpha-milton guest house is the only 3 star hotel fitting your description.
Can I have the address, phone number and the area its in please.|It is in the north, address is 63 Milton Road and the phone number 01223311625. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything for today, thank you.|Thank you for calling. Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Could you assist me in finding a train to stevenage please?|There are 70 results for trains going to Stevenage.  To narrow the results, what day are you travelling on and what time would you like to arrive?
Thursday, leave after 10:30.|There is a train that leaves at 11:21.
ok, is there anything that leaves earlier than that?|No, there isn't. Would you like me to book you on the earliest departing train?
Book the 11:21 train for 7 people please.|The booking was successful. The total fee of 89.6 GBP can be paid at the station. The reference number is YTB38FE3.
Okay now can you help me find the Avalon Hotel and tell me whether they have free internet, and where they are located as well as their address?|avalon is located at 62 gilbert road	in the north. They do have free internet
Thank you for that info on Avalon. I would like to make a reservation.|Okay! For when, how long, and how many people?
I want to reserve for seven people for three nights, please.|The reservation was successful. Thursday 7 people for 3 nights. The reference number is JBNCTENS. Can I help you with anything else?
No that'll it for the day. Thank you|You are welcome, have a great day.
I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel on the east side.|Unfortunately, there are no hotels meeting your needs. However, there are three moderate price guesthouses in the east. Are you interested in more information?
Sure. Do any of those have free parking?|Yes, Carolina B&B and Warkworth House both have free parking.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the Warkworth House please?|Absolutely. It is in Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee.
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Hi, could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?|I have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars, which area would you like me to search?
Thanks! You are so nice. I need the guesthouses in the west. It doesn't matters if there is not free parking.|I have one that fits. It's the Hobsons House located in the west. It's 3-star rated and offers free wifi and parking. It's also moderately priced. Would you like a room?
Yes, that all sounds good. I would like to book it.|I can definitely assist you, how many people are there and how many days will you need to be booked for.
I just need the phone number and postcode from the Hobsons.|Their number is 01223304906 and the postcode is cb39lh.  Anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. Good bye.|You're welcome! Goodbye!
I'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the north.|Sorry, I have no results for that query. Would you like to try a different area of town?
Are there any moderate priced hotels in the North?|Yes I have two. Would you like me to book one?
I need a hotel to include free parking; does either have that?|Yes both of them have free parking.
Which one would you recommend?|How about the Ashley hotel?
Is the Ashley hotel a 3 star hotel?|the ashley is actually a 2 star hotel.
That will be okay, can we book that.|Please tell me how many people will be staying, starting on what day and for how many nights?
I do not want to book it. I need the postcode and address only.|Okay. The postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. The address is 74 Chesterton Road. Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the hotel.|You never actually mentioned a restaurant. Are you needing help finding one?
Yes, need a chinese food restaurant in the same area and price range as the hotel.|How many people?
It will be just me today, thanks.|Golden Wok sounds suitable for you. Do you want a reservation?
no. i  just need the postcode and address|It is 	cb43hl	191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thanks. Sorry about that. I'd still like to request a taxi between the two.|I will need to know where you are leaving from and going to and what time you wish to arrive or leave.
I will be commuting between the hotel and restaurant.|Okay, let me work on booking that for you.
I need to leave the restaurant by 3:30, and I'll be going to the hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type		yellow honda
Contact number		07378282192
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today. Goodbye|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
Bonjour, I need a 4 star hotel with free internet, please.|Alright, I have many options available for you to chose from. Do you have a price range you're looking for, or an area of town you'd like to stay in?
No, I don't have a price range or area of town.|There are 21 places that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down based on anything else, such as free parking or whether it's a hotel or guesthouse?
Yes, I would like free parking. I don't care whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, though. Could you suggest a place?|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I don't care, a hotel or guesthouse. Pick a good four star, with wifi and parking. I need to book for Thursday.|I have several choices. The acorn guest House has 4 stars, wifi and is moderately priced. How many nights and how many people will be staying?
Great. I have 7 people and need it for 5 nights starting Thursday.|Wonderful. I have booked Acorn Guest house to meet your needs. The reference number is TDUTD8DV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all! Thank you for your help!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday.|What will be the departure site?
I'm leaving from the New Street station in Birmingham|Is there a time you have to leave or arrive at?
i would like to leave after 14:15|I have train TR2089 that leaves at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. Would that work for you?
Yes. Could you tell me the travel time and price for that train please?|The travel time for this route is 163 minutes. The cost of each ticket is 75.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking. Any area will do.|Ok. There are 14 in cambridge. Let's narrow that down a bit. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Definitely a hotel.|Ok, I recommend the Ashley Hotel, would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, 8 people, 3 nights starting Thursday. Please include reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5SU2LEV2.
Thank you for your help|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!|And thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day!
I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi.|There are many in the east that fit you description. Can I find out what type and rating place to stay you are looking for?
A 4 star guesthouse would be ideal, thank you.|I have 6 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced room?
Either would be fine as long as it can accommodate 6 people for 2 nights starting this Sunday.|Would you like me to try and book a room for you at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Yes please and I need the address,thank you.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book those times. Would you like to try another hotel or time?
Could you try a different hotel in the same pricerange please?|Yes sure I was able to book you into the A and B and your reference number is MOE0AUAT.
Thank you so much for all your help. That is all I need.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I need a four star hotel.|I have many 4 star hotels. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and have free parking|Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels that fit that criteria. Would you consider a guesthouse in that range?
Unfortunately I need a hotel that is 4 stars with free parking. Do you have one that is not in the moderate price range?|There is one in the price range of cheap would you like me to book that one.
Yes, that would be fine. 4 people, 4 nights, starting from tuesday.|Unfortunately that day is unavailable for that many days. Do you have an alternative?
Would you try for 2 nights instead? And, what is the name of the hotel?|The name is The Cambridge Belfry, but unfortunately they were not able to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try it for a shorter number of days?
Yes.Let`s please try for shorter number of days. Thanks.|I was able to successfully book the Cambridge Belfry for two nights starting on Tuesday for four people. Your reference is BK6DS11E.
Sorry, I did not want to book a room until I was sure of the price could you give that to me first?|I am sorry about that.  The hotel is in the cheap price range.
That's fine, thank you. I also need help with a train leaving Cambridge and going to London kings cross.|Do you have a preferred departure/arrival time?  The travel time is 51 minutes and there are multiple trains.
I just want to leave after 16:45 going from cambridge to london kings cross on thursday.|TR6628 leaves at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51, do you want me to book you?
Not at this time.  I just need the price.|The price is 23.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help, thanks for your time.|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free parking.|The cambridge belfry matches those requirements.
Does it have free internet?|Yes, free internet is included at The Cambridge Belfry.
Great, I'd like to book at room at The Cambridge Belfry.|I can book your room now. Thank you so much
I am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the north area.|I have one place that suits your needs. It is the City Centre North B & B. They are located on 328a Histon Road. They offer both free wifi and parking.
Is that place cheap?|Yes. City Centre North B & B is in the cheap pricerange.
Ok, that's awesome. Can you book me a room there for Saturday for 8 people and 2 nights?|I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Sure, how about just for one night?|Success. The reference number is MOUX96ZE.
Great! Thanks so much for your help with that.|Perfect. I'm sure you'll love it. Good day.
I need a place to stay located in North Cambridge that has free parking.|I have 8 guesthouses and 2 hotels in that area with free parking. Do you have a price range or rating in mind?
Yes, I would like a 3 star guesthoise please.|hamilton lodge suits all your description
Okay, please book that 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I have made those reservations for you your reference number is G3PHR3FO.
I am also looking for a good restaurant in the same north part of town.|There are many good restaurants in that area. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range please.|There is a Chinese and an Indian moderately priced  restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to book one?
Can you tell me the address for the Chinese restaurant|The address for the Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a taxi. I want to depart the hotel at 06:30 and go to the restaurant. Give me car type and contact info|A red skoda will be arriving to take you to the Golden Wok. The contact number is 07740908114. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel called Kirkwood House please.|I've located Kirkwood House. It's a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to book a room?
May I please have the phone number for the hotel?|Absolutely. That number is 01223306283.
I'm also looking for some places to go while I'm in town.|There is boating, a park, and some swimmingpools in the north. Any preference?
I would like it to be a museum please.|I'm sorry there are no museums in the north. Would you like me to check a different area?
How about in the south?|How about the byard art museum the phone number is 01223464646.
How much is it to get in that place? And what's their postcode?|Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb21sj.  Can I help with anything else?
No that was all I needed. Thanks so much.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi I am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does not need to have internet.|I have a listing for  one in the north of town,is that okay?
Is that 3 star with a moderate price?|The Alpha-Minton Guest House sounds like it will be perfect for you. It's a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the north. Can I book a room for you?
Please do, for 1 person, for 5 nights, starting Thursday.|I have made a booking here is your information: Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DGGHJ53E.
Thanks. Can you help me find a place to eat also? I'd like some British food, in the same price range as my hotel.|Unfortunately there are no moderately priced restaurants serving British food on the North side. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Yes, please look in another part of town.|The Copper Kettle is in centre. Phone number is 01223365098 and address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please for one person at 17:45 on Thursday.|You table is booked for 17:45 on Thursday. Your reference number is BB26WX3R. Is that all?
No, can you also help me book a taxi?|When you would like to leave or arrive by? What's your departure/destination?
I would like to arrive by 17:45 to the 4 Kings Parade.  Pick us up at the Alpha-Minon Guesthouse.|Okay great! Your car will be a black bmw and the contact number is 07675976580. Do you need help with anything else?
Nope. That's all. Thank you. Bye now|Have a nice day.
Hi, I could use help with my planning.  I am trying to find a place to stay.|Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.|We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?|They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?|Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.|Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ. Is there anything else?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking|There are many options that could satisfy your request, what price range do you require?
I don't care about the price range. I do want to be in the north, though.|There are 9 possibilities in either the cheap or moderate price range. Which do you prefer?
how about something in the north?|How about acorn guest house?
try there for three nights then give me the reference number|Can you tell me for how many people and on what day?
i want booking for four people|What day do you need to check in?
I'll arrive on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6WKSPADC.
Great. That takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks!|Terrific, glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need anything else.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.|I can help with that. Do you have an area of town, or a price range in mind?
I'm not picky about the area of town or the price, but I absolutely need free wifi!|Ok, almost all of the hotels have free wifi, do you have a star rating you would like?
I don't care.|There are 32 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have any preference of price range or area, or should I choose one for you?
I would like a guesthouse type but the price range is not as important.|How about the moderately priced Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? I also have 22 other entries, if you would prefer something else.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast sounds fine.  Can you book it for 3 people arriving on Thursday for 5 nights?|Yes I most certainly can! I have booked you into the Rosa and your reference number is 06D0FC6L.
Yes I also need to book a train for 3 people on Thursday between Bishops Stortford and Cambridge arriving by 09:00.|I have a 7:29 that gets into Cambridge at 8:07. I booked three people on this train per your instructions. The total cost is 30.29 pounds and your reference is 9AR1CBJM.
Thank you very much for your help today.|It was my pleasure. Safe travels!
Yeah, I'm hoping to find a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?|Of course! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I don't have an area preference but it should have a star of 4 and have free parking.|Sure.  How about the Allenbell?  It is in the east and fits all of your needs.
Okay that sounds great.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb13js. Would you like a reservation?
What sort of hotel is it? Guest house or hotel?|its a guesthouse
Yes please go ahead and book it. I'm also looking for a train.|How many people and how many nights should I make the booking for?
I just need the postcode and hotel type.|sure it is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb13js, anything else today?
That is all, thank you so much|You earlier mentioned you need train information. Starting from what city and ending at what city?
cambridge, travel time, arrival time, and price please|I'm sorry, I don't understand your response. Could you please verify from where you are leaving and where you are going?
I need help finding a train from leicester to cambridge, departing on sunday after 11:45. No reservation, just need to know travel time, arrival time, and price please.|TR9999 leaves at 12:09, travel tine is 105 minutes, cost is 30.24 pounds per person.  Any other questions,
No, thank you.  You have been very patient and helpful.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you so much for calling. It has been my pleasure. Have a great trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a restaurant called graffiti please?|Sure, it's an expensive british restaurant in the west, located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road cb30lx. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, can you book me a table for 5 people for Thursday at 17:30.|Unfortunately that time slot in unavailable.   Is there another time you would like me to try?
Sure, how about 16:30?  If it is available at that time please give me a reference number.|I was able to book that, reference number is P0OB1R52.
Find a hotel in the east and in the expensive price range?|Express by holiday inn cambridge is available.
I would also like it to include free wifi and have a star rating of 2.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge fits all of your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for 5 people for 3 nights starting from the same day.  Can you please give me the reference number.  Thank you!|I was able to successfully book you, the reference number is QD3X3BKV, can I assist with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, I just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be located in the west part of town and it should include free parking.|Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Um, I don't care. I'd prefer it if it was cheap though.|The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west in the cheap price range with free parking. Would you like me to book it?
Is that a four star place?|Yes, it does have 4 stars.
Please do.  I need it for 4 nights on Friday.  There are 6 of us.|That one is not open then,but I do have one fitting the same criteria avaible, Finches, shall I book it?
Yes, as long as Finches is in the cheap price range please book it and give me the reference number.|Okay, you're booked with reference number DAE0XR6A. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. Goodbye.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good Bye.
I need to find somewhere to stay in the south|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price range? I'd like something in the cheap price range.|Then, I would recommend rosa's bed and breakfast, a cheap 4 star guesthouse. Do you need more information?
As long as it has free wifi I'll be happy!|Great, shall Il go ahead and book you then?
Can I get their postcode?|rosa's bed and breakfast	post code is cb22ha
I am also looking for a restaurant, should be cheap and in the south, near to my hotel. Do you have any options?|I have 2 choices. The Lucky Star serves chinese. And, Nando's is a portuguese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
I was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a cheap price.  Lets go with Nando's|Okay would you like to make a booking?
Can you just verify, is there an international restaurant in the south or no?|I have confirmed there are no international options, do you want to stick with nandos  or run another search?
Are there no international places to dine in the area? Anything other than British food in the area?|As I mentioned earlier, the only options in the south that are cheap are The Lucky Star (chinese) and Nando's (portuguese). Do you want me to search another area or price?
Sorry, this is the husband, Im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive.  Please book us for Nandos at 13:45 on tuesday for 5 people, thank you.|Thank you sir, I was starting to think this was a prank, you are set, your reference number is YNZ558E6, can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places please.|I can help, where to and from, and what time?
Thank you! From the hotel to the restaurant, please.|Sure! When would you like to leave/arrive?
by the restaurant  booked time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07559655717
Can I help you with anything else today?
Awesome. Thanks for all of your help. I have everything I need now.|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I want see something particular, can you book reservations for anything?|Most things yes, can you let me know what you want to see?
I'm interested in seeing sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway|It is located in the south,can I get the address for you?
Yes and can I get the phone number please?|The address is fen causeway, newnham road. The number is 01223302580.
I also need a place to stay in the north area.|i have five. any price range?
moderately priced and a 4 star rating, please.|I actually have 7 guest houses that would meet your criteria. Do you need parking?
Can you suggest one? Parking is not important, but please let me know if they have it.|The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria and does offer parking and internet.
Is parking at the Acorn Guest House free?|Yes. Is there any additional information you need about the Acorn Guest House?
I need to know the postcode and if they have internet.|Yes they have internet, and their postcode is cb41da. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that should be it!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?|I can certainly help you with that. Do you have a preferred price range or area?
Thank you. I am looking for a hotel in the west part of town.|I have 3 in west - two are cheap and one is expensive. Preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a hotel.|I would suggest the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.  It is very nice.  Can I get you some information on it?
yeah, can you let me know if it has free parking?|Parking and internet are both included, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Thursday.|Your booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6I8873PA.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would like to find a restaurant|I can help you find what you need.  What kind of food are you looking for?  Price preference?  What area?  Thanks!
Cheap price chinese in centre of town ?|I'm sorry, but I'm encountering an error. Could you please restate your request?
I apologize, my mind wandered there for a second, I was really looking for an attraction to see in the centre of town.|Did you have a particular attraction type in mind?
Not really can you make a suggestion?|How about a concerthall?
that sounds good. how much is the entrance fee?|The man on the moon concert hall is in the centre, but I don't have information about price.  I can give you their number, 01223474144.
Ok no problem. I am looking to book a room at Ashley Hotel.|Great! Just let me know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I will be arriving on Saturday with a party of 8 for 2 nights. Thaks|You are booked, the reference number is P06EPM0L, any further needs for today?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the attraction. I would like to leave the hotel by 07:15.|I booked your taxi.  It will be a blue volvo and the contact number is 7677029602.  Is there anything else you need today?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I would like some information on the gonville hotel|The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. There is free internet and parking. It is located at Gonville Place and their phone number is 01223366611.
Excellent. Could you book it for myself and my partner?|Sure.  Can you confirm when you will be arriving and for how many nights you will be staying?
My companion and I will arrive on Monday, staying for 5 nights, could you provide me with the reference number? We will need to book a train as well.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5C9C9Y4I. now i can help you book a train
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to ely|I have train TR8860 and leaves at 5:50 and arrives at 6:07. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please.  Could you book that for five people as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : THCMI67T.
Thank you. That is all I need today.|enjoy your time with us in Cambridge, enjoy!
Hello, I need a train to take me London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by 13:15.|how about TR5767 that leaves at 05:00?
That is too early in the morning for me.  Is there one that will get me there close to 13:15?|The best option for you will arrive at 11:51. Would you like me to book it for you.
Sure, the train departs from cambridge right? and what's the departure time and travel time. This is also leaving on tuesday correct?|Yes, it departs from Cambridge.
Can you get me the travel time and the departure time? That's all I need to know about the train.|travel time is 51 minutes and the cost is 23.60 pound.
Great. Thank you. I will also need a place to stay - I'm thinking a cheap guesthouse.|I would suggest this one autumn house.
I would like the guesthouse to have a 0 rating and free wifi.|There are two places available. I would highly suggest El Shaddai, would you like for me to book this guesthouse?
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not yet, can I just get their phone number please?|Sure, the phone number for El Shaddai is 01223327978. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
I think that's everything.  Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What type of information can I help you with?
I'll be leaving from Ely on Tuesday after 17:45. Are there any trains available then?|The earliest train that days leaves at 19:35 will this work?
Yes that works. What is the arrival time and price please?|If you take the train departing Ely at 19:35 you will arrive by 19:52, and the cost is 4.40.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.|We have quite a few to choose from. Do you have a preference in price range or the area of town?
Well, price should be in the moderate but i do want a 4 star hotel.|I have no hotels in this area, only guesthouses. Would that work?
that's fine, can you book one?|I would recommend avalon, which is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. Will that work for you?
Yeah, that will be fine. It will need to be on the same day for 3 nights and 3 people.|Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is ZWH6Y40Y. Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for choosing help desk. Have a wonderful day.
Okay I'm looking for a restaurant today.|Sure, what are you in the mood for?
I just want something cheap.|What area are you looking to dine in?
I'd like something in the west please.|There is an italian or vietnamese restaurant that meets your criteria, do you have a preference?
What is the Italian place?|The italian restaurant is called La Margherita. They are located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes I will have four guests total.|And on what day and time would you like the reservation?
I would like to check in on the same day.|And what time would you like to dine?
18:30 on Sunday please.|your set, reference # is 6MMV9XTU, anything else for you today?
I also need a taxi. It should arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|what is your destination?
As I just said, at the restaurant by 18:30.   Can I please get the car type and reference number?|I will get that information for you.
Thank you, I'll wait on your response.|Great, where should I send the car?
Sorry, before a taxi I need a place to stay.  I need it to include free parking & be in same area as the restaurant.|What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter. I need a place that included free wifi as well.|alexander bed and breakfast meets your criteria, shall I make a reservation?
Yes, I need a room for 4 nights beginning on sunday.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
4 please, for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.|I have made the reservation and your reference number is NREAFG7R.
Can you help with a taxi?|Okay I got you a grey Audi that will pick you up from the Alexander and their contact number is 07649834873.
.
Thanks. I think that's all I need help with today. Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, a 0 star hotel is fine as long as it includes free wifi.|I have 1 hotel and a 2 guesthouses available. Do you have a preference on the area or if it is a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel that is in the centre of town and moderately priced if that helps narrow it down.|Cityroomz meets that description. Would you like to book it?
May I please have the address and postcode for Cityroomz?|Certainly, the address for Cityroomz is sleeperz hotel, station road postcode cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any nearby museums?|The cambridge contemporary art museum is nearby.
Great. Could you please tell me the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
Wonderful! That is all I needed. Thank you so much!|im glad to have satisfied you
Thanks again.  That's all I needed.|Let us know if you need anything else.
I need a train departing from cambridge after 09:30.|There are many trains departing Cambridge after 9:30. To what destination would you like to travel and on which day?
I would like to go to Norwich on Monday.|Trains leave hourly to Norwich. The closest time available is TR8495, departing 09:36 and arriving 10:55, with duration 79 minutes and price 17.60 pounds. Would you like to book this one?
Yes Please book TR8495.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 6 tickets for the train ride please. May I also have the reference number?|The booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WREO6QXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in Norwich please.|Okay to clarify, do you need a hotel in cambridge? And if so, do you have a certain part of town in mind?
Yes, in Cambridge, my mistake. I do say, all this travel is messing with my head... Please find a 4 star guesthouse north of Cambridge, with free parking I might add.|I have one inexpensive guesthouse available in north Cambridge and several moderately priced ones. Do you have a preference?
Can you choose one of the moderately priced ones for me, please?|Absolutely, what day would you like to book this for?
I'm not quite ready to book yet, could you just provide their information for me?|Yes the Acorn Guest House is popular and nice. They have both wifi and parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road. And their telephone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?|Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave?
Can you help me find a hotel in Cambridge, preferably with free wi-fi, please?|What price range and what area of town?
I want it moderately priced and I don't care what part of town.|They Ashley Hotel in the north is moderately priced with free wifi.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people, 4 nights beginning on Saturday.|I have made those reservations for you. Your reference numbers are ORVRFO2U.
I am also looking for somewhere fun in the centre of town.|City Centre boasts over 40 different attractions. Do you have any thoughts on what type of attraction you'd like to see?
Hmm I actually have no clue. Could you just recommend your favorite attraction in the centre and tell me its type and postcode please?|I like the ADC Theatre. Its post code is cb58as. Would you like more information about this theatre?
No,  thank you.  That will be all for today.|Thank you for allowing me to help. Have a great day.
I am planning a vacation and really could use some help finding a good place to stay in town. I've never been to Cambridge before.|which side of town do you prefer and what is the price range?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house in the centre area. Would you like to book a room?
Oh, ok. I really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. Can you recommend a hotel instead?|The Huntingdon Marriott hotel is a very nice place.
Sounds good. Can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting Sunday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 36N9VCAD. Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the train schedule from birmingham new street like?  I need to arrive at 13:45.|Where would you like the train to arrive, and what time will you be leaving?
I need the travel day to be Sunday.  I'll be going to Cambridge and arrive by 13:45. I'll be leaving from Birmingham New street.|Train TR7468 will arrive at 13:23. Will this work for you?
What is the travel time on that train?|It is 163 minutes on that train.
Excellent.  Thanks for all the help!|You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services.  Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks very much! Have a great day!|ok thanks and have a great day
You too! Thanks so much for all the help. Please end the convo and read the directions next time. thanks|Keep the snarky comments to yourself.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me find a place that serves Russian food?|I am sorry there are no local russian restaurants. Would you consider trying something different?
Sure, can you look up chinese food instead?|I have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area or price range you have in mind?
Can we try something expensive.|There are 9 expensive Chinese places. What area are you looking in?
It doesn't matter. Just choose one for me. I'll need to know the area that it's located in.|peking restaurant is in the south.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.|great, i have 23 options for you!
Wow. That seems like a lot. I don't need free parking, if that helps to narrow the search.|the a and b guest house seems perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M8DI9LRQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! I also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at 4:00. Can you please do that, and give me the contact number and car type?|Your booking was susccessful. Your car is a blue lexus and its contact number is 07202318710.
I do think that is all I need. Thanks. Good day.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in Cambridge. I'll need free parking.|I have 14 results for moderately priced places to stay, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
yes I would like to stay in Cambridge|I'm not showing any places to stay with your requirements.  Is there another area I can lookup for you?
I would like something in the north.|Great. There are 9 places to stay in the north. Are there any other requirements you want me to look for?
You pick. Give me the postcode, internet availability, and address to the one that stands out to you.|Then how about acorn guest house. Their address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. They also have internet.
Thanks. My friends told me about a restaurant called Golden House. Do you know what area its in and food type?|The golden house serves chinese food and is in the centre of town. The price range is cheap. May I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thank you.|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day!
I am looking for some place to go that offers entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?|There are no places offering entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there one that has architecture?|I have several options. Perhaps you would enjoy a stroll through Holy Trinity Church?
Can I have its address please?|Yes, the address is market street, can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need some place with free wifi. I don't need free parking.|There are 32 entries, do you have any other information to help narrow it down?
something in the moderate price range, please.|We have 17 hotels that fit your criteria. Would there be anything else that you would like in your hotel?
I would like something with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|acorn guest house would be nice for you, should i book it for you?
Can you help me find the hotel Worth House?|The Worth House is located in the northern part of town at 152 Chesterton Road, would you like the phone number?
Yes I would like the number and I also need to know what star rating the hotel has.|That hotel has a 4 star rating and the number is 01223316074. Would you like to book that now?
I also am looking for an expensive restaurant in the area of south, thank you|There are 5 restaurants that fit your request. Are you interested in a specific type of food? There are 2 chinese, one indian, one italian, and one mexican.
Could you book me a table for 1 at the Indian restaurant for 11:15? I would also like the reference number. Thank you!|On what day will you be dining there?
Please make a reservation for tuesday.|Great your reference number is XJVS7TQN
Thanks, that's everything I need. Have a nice day!|To you as well! Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay.|What area of town will you be staying in?
I don't know what area it is in, but I was hoping you could make a reservation for me at the Lensfield Hotel.|I have the lensfield hotel in the south area. When would you like that reservation for?
Yes, that would be great. Can you reserve for me starting Thursday?|How many nights will you be staying?
I need a place for 5 nights. And I need it for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TGFJKYMX May I help you with anything else ?
I need some night life or places to go|What type of place are you looking for?
I just want to find somewhere in the centre to visit|What type of attraction are you interested in? There is lots to do in the centre
Maybe a museum?|There are 11. Would you like to go to museum of archaelogy and anthropology? The entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I will need a taxi to get inbetween those two places.|And what sized car will you need?
I need to fit 8 people. Thanks.|What time will you be traveling?
I want to  leave the attraction by 07:45|Booking is successful. The tax is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07052781550. Anything else?
Thank you much good bye.|Thank you for your inquiry. Glad to be of service.
Hi there, I'm looking for a middle-range hotel located in the south of Cambridge.|There are two hotels that meet your criteria, aylesbray lodge which is a 4 star hotel, and bridge guest house which is 3 star, would you like more information on one?
Yes please. Is any of these two a guesthouse type of hotel?|there is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house, both meet your requirements.
What is the postcode of aylesbray lodge?|The postcode of the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is cb17sr.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a lebanese restaurant?|There is one I know of. Ali Baba in the centre. It is a moderately priced lebanese place. Does that work?
Yes.  Can you book that for 5 people at 18:15 on Friday?|I have successfully booked your table for 5 at 18:15 on Friday. Your reference number is RXC5FU89. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thank you. Have a good day.|You're welcome. thank you for using our service. Have a good day.
You have a good day as well. Goodbye.|Thank you again for using our service.
I'm looking for museums in town. Can you recommend one?|There are 23 museums in town. Do you have a specific area you would be interested in?
Which ever one is your favorite will do. Can I have their contact information and what is the entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is in the east. They have no admission and their number is 01223902168
I need the post code also for the museum please.|Their postcode is cb13ef.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. I need a guesthouse. I should be a 4 star in the north. Parking is not important.|Acorn guest house looks available, would you like to book that?
Not right now, but could you tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, can you have a taxi pick me up at the Acorn and take me to the Artworks, say around 24:45?|Booking is complete. Your contact number is 07522217444. The car type will be a red tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed thank you!|I hope you enjoy your stay.
I need a train to Norwich, leaving after 21:30.|On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge|ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?|The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich  will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?|This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes if you could book it that would be great.|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need any reservations today just information.|OK! Do you have all the information you need?
i am also looking for a guest house called  a and b guest house.|The A and B Guesthouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east. It has free internet, but no parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the address.|sure thing, they are located at 124 tension road
Great, thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Okay great. Thanks for calling.
I am looking for some help locating a moderately priced room.|I found 18 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I'd like the place to be rated 4 stars, and include free WiFi.|I have about 11 options to choose from. Which area of town do you prefer? I have options in the north, south and the east.
It doesn't matter. I would need a room for 6 people starting Saturday. For 6 nights.|Unfortunately, I was unable to find you rooms for that length of stay beginning on Saturday. Would you be able to change the day, or the number of nights?
No, I really need it starting Saturday for 5 nights and with free wifi.|Ok. I have you booked into Warkworth House starting on Saturday for 5 nights and 6 people. The reference number is IGQB0HC7. Is there anything else?
That's all, thank you.|Thank you, bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving christmas food. Can you help me?|Sorry, I couldn't find any christmas restaurants in the south. Want to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd really like cheap Christmas food. How about in a different area?|I don't have anything that serves Christmas food and is cheap.
What about a place serving Portuguese food?|Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south, would like more information about it?
Yes, could I get the postcode?|Postcode cb17dy.  Their phone and address is 01223327908, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the south of town?|I have one option for you. It is rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book the reservation and provide a reference number.|Sure, I can help you with the booking?  On what day will you be coming in?
I need to book for Friday for 5 nights.|How many people will be staying?
There will be 7 of us.|Okay, you are booked, with reference number 58HYUWPB
I also want to book a taxi to leave Rosa's bed and breakfast by 15:45. I would like the contact number and car type.|I have booked a red volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07404379938.
Thanks you have been great!|Thank you and enjoy your stay here in our lovely city!
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre in Cambridge.|I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouses in town centre. Would you like a cheap price range or expensive? Will you also need parking?
I would prefer a guesthouse, and it does not need to include internet.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range with a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you, that's all I needed.|If you change your mind and need a booking, we'll be here. Thanks for using our service!
Okay! Goodbye!|Goodbye. And feel free to contact us if there's any other information you need, as well.
I am also looking for an attraction, a swimming pool|We currently do not have any shown attraction in that area you are looking for.  Are there any other further things I could assist with?
Can you check a swimming pool in the west of the city?|I'm not showing a swimming pool in the East, but there are 2 in the North, will that work?
I'd prefer one in the same part of town as my hotel, are you sure there isn't one?|Yes, there are no swimming pools located to the west of your city. Thank you, if you need help with anything else, contact us again.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the east.|I have three guesthouses that match your criteria. May I recommend the Allenbell?
Okay what is the address?|Allenbell is at 517A Coldham Lane. Would you like me to help you book a room there?
Yes. Please. Three people, wednesday, two nights.|Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful.
Okay, what other hotels are there in the same price range?|Autumn house	is in the cheap price range as well if you'd like to try that.
Yes please try that.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is LGTAR2R. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for all of your help.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking to get some info on a hotel called cityroomz.|I've found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting friday.|Sure. Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is IBDDDIAJ.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using our service today.
I am coming to visit cambridge. Would you happen to be able to find me a park to go to?|We have 5 parks! What area would you like to be in?
I don't care about the area.  Can you suggest one?|Cherry hinton water play is popular. What info would you like on it?
I would need the area and address, please.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is located in the east. The address is Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Can you help me find a hotel? A nice 4-star place, if that's possible.|I have three 4 star hotels in my system. Would you prefer a cheap or expensive one? Also is there any other criteria you are looking for ?
Do you have a hotel that is in the south with free parking?|No, unfortunately. Please consider other areas.
How about guesthouse style places? Are there any of those available?|Sure thing! I have two, may I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? It's in south, is cheap, and has four stars.
That sounds lovely.  Please book that for 6 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|You are all booked. Your reference number is 4U7RJ8M6. Thank you.
Thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I want information on a particular hotel called home from home. Can you send me what you have on that?|Sure thing! Home from Home is a guesthouse in the North.  With a moderate price range it is still a 4 star place to stay. Do you need more?
Please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Sure!  The Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 1JL8B2K4.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me?|Yes I can. Please tell me your departure city, day and time and I'll see what I dig up.
We are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn.  Arrival time should be around 09:00. Please book 6 seats.|Okay I've booked you on the TR2764 which will arrive at 8:58. the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : AQMKFOFZ.
okay thank you! What is the travel time on that?|This train actually leave on Friday.  You wanted to leave on Wednesday, correct?  I can rebook if needed.
No, Friday works for me.|Okay, great. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks that is all I need.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi.|I have 10 hotels that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No, but it should be a 1 star establishment.|I'm sorry but all the cheap hotels with free wifi are either 0 or 4 stars?  Would one of those options work for you?
Yes, lets go with 4 stars.|I found a 4 star hotel with free wifi would you like me to book it?
Yes for 8 people for 3 nights starting friday please.|I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at one of the other hotels that meet your criteria
No thank you that will be all that I can think of .|Okay. Have a good day!
On second thought, would you look for another hotel in the cheap price range? Please book it and give me the reference number.|Booked at worth house. Reference number: DKEC3GVH.
That was great. Thank you goodbye!|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. You have a great day! Good Bye.
I'd like a train leaving on Monday and arriving by 11:45, please.|I can help you with that!  First, can you tell me the desired departure and destination locations?
London Kings Cross to Cambridge please.|How about a train that leaves at 05:17?
That works,will yhou book it for 5 people and I need the train number|Ok.  You should be set.  The booking was successful.  The train number is TR0378.  Would you like the reference number too?
Yes, I do need the reference number.|It is FE03L94U.
I am also looking for a 2 star hotel that's moderately priced. Can you help with that?|I have two options for you, both in the north side. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, all moderately priced, with free wifi and parking.
Are they both 2 star rated?|Yes, both are 2 star rated, moderately priced and located in the north. Both of them also offer free parking and free internet. Would you prefer one of them?
Yes book the Ashley Hotel for the same group of people for 2 nights.|I just need one more detail. What day would you like to book the hotel?
On Monday please.|What day will you be wanting the room for?
On Monday, please. I want a place to stay when I get there.|I have those rooms reserved for you. The reference number is: M99Y2T1R. Can I be of further assistance?
No, thank you very much for your help.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train that will depart from London Liverpool Street.  I need the ticket for Monday.  Can you give me available times?|I have trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 05:39 a.m. and a ticket will cost you 16.60 pounds.Would you to book a ticket?
I would like to leave London Liverpool on Monday.|I have quite a few trains leaving London Liverpool St. What time would you like to leave? That will help me find one.
I'm not sure when I need to leave, but I would like to arrive by 20:00.|I would recommend TR3183 which leaves London Liverpool Street at 17:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:07.
That would work perfectly! Can you book me 6 tickets please?|I will go ahead and book 6 tickets.
That you and whhat is the reference number ?|Your reference number is A70RK1W1 and 99.6 GBP is payable at the station.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. I'm looking for information on the Hamilton Lodge.|Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse in the north that is moderately priced, rated 3 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
yes for sunday please 4 nights for 4 people|I have made those reservations and your reference number is T7CK2MLJ.
Thank you, that will be all for today.|enjoy your stay
Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?|We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.|That narrowed it to eight choices. How about Home from Home? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.|I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday.  The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ.  Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train to norwich. I need to arrive by 8:15.|There are many options available. Do you know what day you will be leaving and what time you want to leave?
I'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when I leave, just need to arrive by 08:15.|There is a train that leaves at 5:36.
What time does it arrive?|There are 2 one arrives at 06:55 and the other is 07:55.
Can you please book that for 3 people, thank you in advance.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station.
Wow, that was quick, you helped me a lot, thank you.|May I assist you with anything else?
May I have the reference number for the train and the train ID, please? I'm not sure which one I was booked on.|The train ID is TR9179 and the reference number is BGZHM2Z2. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.|You have many different options to choose from as well as different price ranges. Are you looking for a casual or formal restaurant?
I don't really care, not really picky.|check out kymmoy. its asian oriental and its expensive. you want the adress?
yes adress and phone number please|The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223311911.
Can i get the post code as well please?|The postcode is cb12as. I can make a reservation for you if you'd like.
I need reservations for 7 people at 17:30 on friday.|Reference number is : MWDLZXJR. Is there anything else?
Can you also find me a place to stay that includes free wifi and in the same price range as the restaurant?|Do you wish to stay in the centre of town?
It doesn't matter, as long as it is a guesthouse and includes free parking.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that match your criteria. Would you like me to look for a hotel instead?
are you sure there are no moderately priced guesthouses with parking and wifi in all of cambridge? That seems unlikely to me|There are several, do you have a specific area you are interested in?
I would like it moderate priced and make sure it is a guest house please.|We have quite a few, may I suggest the acorn guest house? I need to know when you'll be arriving and the number of people please.
it's for 5 nights for 7 people on friday.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : F20O5QD5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that about does it for me today. Have a good one, bye!|You have a wonderful day as well. Good bye.
I'm actually looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food|curry garden is a nice place to dine. Do you want to book ?
Is that in the west area. I really would like to be in the west.|Here is one in the west. Will this work for you maharajah tandoori restaurant.
Great. I would like that. Can you book us for 8 people on Thursday at 16:45?|Done! Your reference number is 2AYFR5LL. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel. I need free parking. It can be an expensive place.|There are quite a few hotels that meet that requirement. Do you have a preference on what part of town you'd like to be in?
I really don't. Do you have any recommendations?|I will recommend the huntingdon marriot hotel to you. It is a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi and has excellent reviews though expensive.
Does that include free wifi?|I cannot find the info on free wifi or not, I apologize.
It should be right there under internet...|My mistake. Yes, there is free internet. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't want to book it just yet.  Thanks for all your hard work.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's good thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.|Is there a particular area of town that you would like to visit?
in the west. let me know the attraction type and entrance fee|Magdalene college is a college with free admission.
Sounds good, Can you lookup places to stay that are 4 stars and moderately priced?|I havea few. What area are you looking at?
The same area as the attraction.|I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the West area that matches what you are looking for. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
How about in the cheap range?|We have finches bed and breakfast guesthouse and the cambridge belfry hotel, any preferences?
I'd like the finches bed and breakfast guesthouse|Can I book this for you?
Yes, please book it and give me the reference number.|On what day would you like to arrive?
on thursday please|I can book that for you now.
book it for 8 peple and 4 nights from thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PNPGQMFM.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|what time do you want to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 22:00.|Okay, good deal. I've booked the taxi for you. Your car type will be a white bmw, and the contact number is 07786419072.
Well thank you that will be all for today|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre and enjoy your visit. Goodbye.
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay.|There are 3 hotels and 12 guesthouses in the moderate price range. What type of place do you want to stay at?
I would like a 4 star place to stay in but I don't need parking.|Depending on location, you have quite a few options.  Lets try narrowing down which area and other options you might want.   In the east area a and b guesthouse would be good.  There are several choices for north part of town.
I'm not concerned about area, but I do need a hotel.|I have none that are in the moderate price range with 4 stars. Would you like to try a different search?
Are you sure?  It does NOT need to have free parking.|I'm sorry, but I'm sure there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you like to search in any price range?
I think a bed and breakfast would be fine. I just need a moderate price range 4 star place.|Avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the North.  It is moderately priced.  Would you like to book a room?
yes, i want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.|I have that booked for you! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BQ10XUIJ.
I also need to book a table for 1 on Thursday at 16:45 at India House. Can you do that for me?|Your table for 1 at India House this Thursday at 16:45 Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : OSUO8YDY.
I will need a taxi that will take me from the Avalon to the India House by 16:45, can you book that for me?|Yes, the booking is completed. Car type is grey lexus and contact number is 0766024206.
well thank you thats all for today|You're welcome! Have a great day!
What's the address of Leverton House?|I'm not familiar with that place. If you could tell me what type of place it is we might be able to find it for you.
am looking for information about leverton hotel|Leverton house is a guesthouse on the east side. It is a cheap 4 star hotel that has free parking and wifi.
i could also want to go to a place in town and this should be in a museum.|There are 4 museums on the East side of town. Three are free to the public and has a 5 pound entrance fee. Would you like me to recommend one?
What's the one with the 5 pound entrance fee?|It is cambridge museum of technology
Okay, can you book a taxi to get me there?|Okay, first let me know which day you want to leave and time.
Yes, I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay that includes free parking.|I have many that meet your demands. Do you have a part of town you prefer to stay in?
No anywhere would be fine but I would like a guesthouse with free wifi.|It seems there are not any locations that fit that criteria. Is there anything you could change regarding your preferences?
How about a moderately priced guesthouse instead of expensive?|The acorn guest house meets all of your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need the room for three nights starting on Tuesday.|Could you tell me how many people will be staying?
Just one person please.|I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to change the length of your stay?
Could you see if they have 2 nights starting on tuesday?|Yes, I was able to book for 2 nights.  Your reference number is QD303GCI.
I'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.|I have 11 museums in the centre of town available, do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference.  Anything is fine.|You might enjoy the Broughton House Gallery located at 98 King Street. Is there any other information you need?
Thanks.  I just need the entrance fee for that gallery please.|It is free to visit. Is there anything else i can do for you?
No that was it! Thank you so much.|Great! Have a lovely trip! Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for accommodations with free wifi.|I can definitely help with that. I have many options. In order to narrow it down, do you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
Either one, but I insist on 4-star quality.|How about Arbury Lodge guesthouse?  It is in north, is moderately price with free wifi and has 4 stars.
What's the postcode and address for that?|The address is 82 arbury road and the postcode is cb42je
Am I able to park for free there?|Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Do you need me to assist you in making a reservation?
No, thanks. I also need a train on Sunday out of Cambridge.|There are many. What time would you like to leave and what's your destination?
I want to leave for Peterborough after 18:30.|I've booked you a ride on train TR8255, your reference number is E1SGGIUC, the ticket will cost 13.20 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I just need the arrival and travel times for that train, thanks.|TR8255 departs at 18:34 and arrives at 19:24.  Hope that helps!  Any other questions?
You have been a great help.  Thank you very much!  Goodbye!|You are welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Are there any places to go in the west of town?|There are 13 attractions in the west part of town, they have colleges, and museums. Would you like one of those?
Can you give list me off the first one? I need the address, phone number and postcode.|Churchill College is located at Storey's Way with a postcode of cb30ds. The phone number is 01223336233.
Sounds good. Are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi nearby?|There are 3, Finches Bed and Breakfast, Huntington Marriott Hotel, and Cambridge Belfry. Marriott is expensive, the other two are cheap. All 3 have free parking. Shall I book one?
Are any of them cheap and in the same area as the college?|Yes. I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Which one of those has free parking?|Both of those include free parking.
Okay, can I see the address for Cambridge Belfry?|Sure.  It's located on Back Lane in Cambourne.  Anything else?
Thank You very much. That's all I needed.|Thank you, please let me know if you need any more help.
That's all. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a great night.
I'm looking for somewhere to stay in North Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse|There's eleven different entries for those criteria. Is there anything else you require, such has internet or parking? How about a price range?
I would like a hotel with 4 stars.|Alright. There are 8 different guesthouses that are 4 stars. May I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is moderately priced and provide free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you reserve rooms for six people? We'll arrive on Thursday and stay for three nights.|That booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a shorter stay?
Ok, well lets try if for just one night then.|The booking was successful.Your reference number is MR08P2NJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a cool sporty place to go in the centre of town, any recommendations?|How about the fez club? It's a nightclub at cb23hx, 8 market passage.
Is there an entrance fee to the fez club?|Yes, there is. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I provide any other information for you?
Yes, what is the post code of the fez club?|It's cb23hx. May I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|Thanks, you're welcome, goodbye.
Hi I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that includes free wifi.|You can find a and b guest house on 124 tension road for a moderate price and it includes wifi.
Is that hotel in the North?|That guesthouse actually is not located in the north. However, I can offer you ten different guesthouses all that have free internet access.
I am interested in a guesthouse in the north that includes free wifi please.|We have 10 guesthouses that meet your needs.  Which price range do you prefer?
How about moderately priced?|The Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north, and it includes free WiFi. Would you like to book it?
Sure. I'm traveling alone this time. Book me for 2 nights, beginning Wednesday.|I was able to book the room for you. The reference number is 3UQIM80C. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I need to grab a train ticket to Stevenage on Friday, also.|That won't be any trouble. What time do you intend to travel, and how many tickets do you need?
I need to leave sometime after 14:45 from Cambridge.|TR8135 departs Cambridge for Stevenage on Friday at 15:21.
That sounds perfect. Can I get the price for the tickets?|The ticket price for the departure at 15:21 is 12.80 pounds. How else may I assist you?
That will be all. Thank you!|Alright, hope your train ride goes smooth!
I'm looking for a moderate price range hotel with 2 star rating.|There are 2 moderate 2 star hotels in the North, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Do you want to book?
I need to be sure that these are hotels.  Does either include free parking?|Yes, they are both lovely hotels.
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 2 nights from Friday please?|Booking was successful for the ashley hotel, your reference number is : GBB9BL1O.  Can I assist you with anything further?
I would also like find an asian oriental restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.|The Yippee Noodle Bar is what I would recommend.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at 13:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 98WSLWXU. Do you need help with anything else?
No, Thank you that is it.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Looking for a hotel that is in the north part of town.|What star rating do you prefer?
The hotel should be in the north and doesn't need to include internet.and should be in the moderate price range|I recommend the Alpha-Milton Guest House on  63 milton road. Would you like me to go ahead and book you a room?
Yes please, I need 2 nights for 8 people and we will be arriving on Tuesday.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is 8GLX5O9J. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you help me find an attraction to visit that is in the same area as my hotel?|Sure, there are four attractions in the north. Do you prefer boat, park, or swimmingpool?
I don't have a preference.  I just need it in the same area.|Okay. Riverboat Georgina is a boating attraction in the north. How about that?
That sounds great, could I get their phone number please?|Absolutely, their phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks. That's all I needed for today.|Okay, have a wonderful visit!
I need a train leaving after 11:00 on wednesday if you can help me.|Certainly. Where would you like to go?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|I have TR4604 leaving at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please make a booking for 1 people.|I was able to book you for train TR4604. The total fee is 16.6 GBP.  The Reference number is : IG31YH6P.
I need to find a place to stay.|Okay what is your price range?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range. thanks|We have many to choose from! Is there an area in town you want to stay in?
I'm not sure but it needs to have free wi-fi. Do you have some with those specifications?|there are nine places that are cheap guesthouses and offer free wifi and free parking. if you know an area i can narrow it down or i can suggest one.
I am open to any area, whatever you suggest is fine.|okay when are you planning your stay so I can book the room
I Need a cheap guesthouse with free wifi. I would like it to be a hotel.|I'm sorry, but your message is ambiguous. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse.|Would you like me to book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking|What type of hotel are you looking for? We have 19 with free parking and rated 4 star.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel, please.|There are 8 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Doesn't matter where in Cambridge.|How about the Allenbell?
Perfect! what's the phone number, postcode, and address for that place?|The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, and their postcode is cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need a train to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday, leaving at 11:30.|The best match for your time is the train TR6517 which leaves at 11:35. Do you want me to book it for you?
Is this train going to Ely or departing Ely?  I believe I made a mistake is saying going to Ely when I should be departing Ely arriving in Cambridge.|That is departing ely and arriving in cambridge
Alright, all I need the travel time and that should be all, thanks!|The travel time is 17 minutes. Thank you for allowing me to assist you!
I'm looking somewhere to stay with free wifi and free parking|Archway house is a good choice!
Does Archway House have two stars? I require that rating.|No, I think Ashley hotel might be more in your range.
Is it in the east?  I need a hotel in the east.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the eastern part of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. For 1 person for 3 nights starting on Monday.|OK, I have you booked at Holiday Inn Cambridge. Your reference number is 0CB7CVT7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
So is the name of the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or just Holiday Inn Cambridge? Want to make sure I go to the right one!|The full name of your hotel is express by holiday inn Cambridge. Do you need further assistance?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you so much! Bye now.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.|There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.|Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 11:15.|Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please|The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.|Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?|Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.|In the town centre there is one guesthouse and one hotel with 0 stars. Would you like the hotel or the guesthouse?
it doesn't really matter. Moderately priced located in the centre. I need phone number, hotel type and if they have free parking or not|i suggest cityroomz. its a hotel in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223327978
Does it have free parking?|Yes, they do have free parking at this hotel.
Great, thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for something to do tonight.  Maybe the theatre?|There are 5 theatres, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south.  There are no fees listed, would you like information on any of these?
Can you give me any one in the centre, and give me phone number and postcode?|you can try adc theatre, phone number is 01223300085 and postcode cb58as
That is great can you also find me a hotel with a 0 star in the same area as the theatre|I have two choices for you.  Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking but need wifi while in the hotel.|Let me look for a hotel with wifi.
OK thank you, I would like the room for Thursday.|I have two options with internet do you have a price reference?
I don't have a preference, please just pick one.|We can try El Shaddai. How many nights will you be staying, and with how many people?
Three, nights and three people, from Thursday on.|I was able to book you a room for 3 for 3 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is MHTJJN91.
Fantastic, I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations, please.|Do you know what time you want to leave by?
I need to leave the hotel by 23:30. Can you please give me the contact number and car type for the taxi?|Sure, I have found you a white Tesla. Their contact number is 07150153206. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you|It has been my pleasure! Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Ely from Cambridge.|There are 70 possible trips. You can leave as early as 5:35 and as late as 23:35. The trip is 17 minutes. What time of day would you prefer?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 12:00 please.|TR1039 departs from Ely at 13:35, arriving in Cambridge by 13:52.  Does this work for you?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 7 people. I will also need the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JD1P380X.
Thank you I also need to find a cheap guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me find one?|You have 9 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
The location doesn't matter, but I'd like it to be 4 stars.|Okay! How about Allenbell?
Sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting saturday?|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is ELA3CIDM.
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!|Have a nice day.
can you help me find a cheap hotel?|There are 10 cheap hotels is there an area you prefer?
On second thought, I don't care what price it is.  I just really need a guesthouse with free parking.|I have many cheap guesthouses across the city. What area are do you prefer and if no preference would you like me to recommend something?
i prefer the west side. it should also have free wifi|There is nothing on the West side,want to try a different area ?
I don't need it to be cheap, but I really need it to be in the west and have free parking and wifi.|Finches Bed and Breakfast has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please and i'll need the reference number|What day do you need it for and for how many days and how many people?
Starting Sunday for 7 people for 4 nights.|I am unable to book the room at this time.
Is it available for 2 nights?|Your booking at finches bed and breakfast for a posey of 7 on Sunday for 2 nights was successful.   Your Reference number is : CUZA1TZH. Can i assist you further?
Thanks, now can you help me find a theatre in town? You can choose your favorite and just tell me the phone number for it|We have four available theatre options in town.I would recommend the mumford theatre and the phone is 08451962320.
Can you help me get a taxi to go to the theatre?|I need to know where will the taxi be picking you up and dropping you off? And is there anytime specific time you prefer?
I need to leave the hotel by 8:00 and go to the theatre thank you.|I have booked you with a grey honda taxi. The number for contact is 07678148281. Is there anything else I can help with?
I believe we got it all done today thanks. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that includes wifi in cambridge.|Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
No but I would like free parking and a star of 4 please.|Not a problem.  I see several that fit that description, so let's narrow it down a bit more.  Would you like to stay in a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel would be good, please.|I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap, located in the west, is a hotel with free internet and parking.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please!  For 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is: 529EH27L. Can I do anything else for you today?
Great I also am looking for some place to go for an attraction in the west part of town.|There are plenty of attractions in the West. What type of attraction do you fancy?
Surprise me! I'm always up for an adventure. I will need the address and entrance fee.|Churchill college is a great free attraction. The postcode is cb30ds. Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, I need to book a taxi.|The phone number for churchill college is  	01223336233.  What time do you need a taxi?
I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, leaving the hotel at 22:15.|Where would you like to depart from
Yes, I am looking for cheap lodging in town that includes free wifi.|I have two guest houses matching your criteria.  City Centre North B and B and Worth House. What star rating do you prefer?
I would like a hotel with a star rating of 3.|I'm sorry, but I was unable to find any cheap, three star hotels with wifi. Would you be open to a different star rating?
Do you have anything with a 4 star rating?|The cambridge belfry is 4 stars and cheap,would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please and make it for wednesday and for 3 days.|How many people is that booking for?
I will be booking it for 5 people for 2 nights, and I'd actually like it to start from friday.|I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available at that time. Would like to try another hotel?
Yeas please, one in the same price range please.|I only have the Belfry in that star and price range. Would you like to try another combination of stars and price ranges?
How about three stars?|There are none found.
I just need a hotel, cheap range, that is the only criteria I need.|Booking was successful at worth house. It is a guesthouse that is cheap like the cambridge belfry hotel. Reference number is : N8MJX1YX.
Did this have wifi?|Yes it does. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you so much.|Your welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I'm in need of a train coming from cambridge that should leave on monday.|Where would you like to go to?
We are traveling to broxbourne. Oh, and we should leave after 21:45 too.|I have two trains available that meet all of your requirements, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.|You're booked on TR9611, leaving at 22:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 18PWJ7X3.
Thanks so much. Can you also look up a hotel for me?|What area and price range would you like the hotel in?
I need you to look up warkworth house for me.|Alright, I've looked up warkworth house. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 nights. I want it from Wednesday.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you.
Would it help if I stayed for only 3 nights instead? I'm flexible.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you want to try another hotel ?
How about 2 nights ?|I'm sorry but I can not book this either.
How about 3 nights?|Would you be interested in trying a different hotel?
What do you show is available?|I have several options, what part of town are you wanting to stay in?
I am looking for warkworth house only.|Would like to book a room?
Yes. For 5 people and 3 nights starting on wednesday.|We are having technical problems please contact them directly at 01223363682. Anything else?
Can you please try to book the room again?|The system is experiencing technical difficulties and bookings are unavailable. Please call the hotel to complete your booking. 01223363682. Anything else?
I am unable to get a response when calling that number. Can you please try to book again?|I was able to get that booked, here is your reference number, 8ZU8JPYO.
Thank you. Thats all i need for now!|Have a great day!
Hello. I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and free parking.|I have 8 hotels with free wifi and parking.  What price range would you like?
In the expensive price range please.|I have found several hotels. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I do not care about the area too much.  Could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting Thursday for 5 nights?|I booked a room for you at the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place. Your reference number is 4ZRJZIVU.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Is the Gonville a good quality hotel?|It is an expensive 3 star hotel.  I'm sure you'll love it.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
Hi , can you recommend an inexpensive seafood restaurant?|Unfortunately, I was unable to find any restaurants that matched your request. Would you like me to look for a different food type?
How about Chinese restaurants?|Rice house is really good, you should try that one. It is located in Centre and is inexpensive in price as well.
Could I get the address and phone number for that restaurant?|Yes of course. The Rice House's address is 88 Mill Road City Centre and their telephone number is 01223367755.
Great, thanks. Can you also recommend a hotel in the north? I don't need anything specific.|I have 13 hotels in the north. Do you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter.|all guesthouses in the moderate price range, when would you like the room for
I'm actually not ready to book just yet, but could I find one that has free wifi?|Yes, I would suggest acorn guest house
Can I  book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BBXVMIT8. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure ... let me check with my wife.|Well if there is anything else you need, we're here 24/7. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I have an odd request, I am looking for a place to stay with a 0 star rating.|There are actually 3 hotels with a 0 rating. Would you like to book one of them now?
Is one of them in the centre of town?|Yes I have one hotel and one guesthouse in the centre of town.
What sort of rates do they charge?|One is in the cheap price range and one is in the moderate price range.
Can we go ahead and get the cheap one please|I can try to book at the el shaddai for you. How long is your stay and for how many please?
I will be by myself and staying for 5 nights starting on Wednesday|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, same price range.|Okay. I got you in at The Alexander and your reference number is UKJ7T0FW.
That is all I need, thank you.|Okay great. Please call us again.
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay at, can you help me?|Is there a specific side of town you'd like to be on?
Yes, I would like to stay in the city centre. Also, I would need free parking.|You have the Gonville Hotel or the University Arms to choose from. The Gonville is a 3 star hotel while the University Arms is 4 star.
Are both hotels or are they guest houses?|They are both hotels. Would you like for me to book one of these hotels for you?
Yes. I would like to stay at University Arms for 2 people, for 2 nights, starting from Friday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
That's too bad. Would you be able to find me a different hotel in the same price range?|i'm sorry, i was unable to find a different hotel that matches your criteria and the availability that you wanted.
Thats disappointing,thank you andgoodbye.|Hold on, I forgot about the Gonville Hotel I mentioned earlier. I got you a room. Your reference number is : B01G0B4W. Can I do anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.|Good day, thank you for using us, if you need anything else let is know.
We are in the centre of town and looking for places to go. We would like maybe a museum and a cinema. Can you help me?|vue cinema is a very nice place to go.
awesome, sounds good. What is their postcode please?|Vue Cinema's postcode is CB11PS.  It's located at the Grafton Centre, East Rd.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.|Do you have a specific area in mind?
In the centre of town, please.|We have three hotels in the area. Do you have a star-rating or price preference?
no, i dont mind any|I recommend the University Arms hotel.  It is expensive but has a rating of 4 stars and offers internet and parking.  Would you like me to book this hotel?
sounds good thanks book it for 6 for 4 nights on wednesday|Done! Your reference number is K1CD3U5C. Can I help you with anything else?
That did it, I am ever so thankful for your help.|Happy to help! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre services!
i am  looking for information in Cambridge. A a place to dine.|which side of town and what is the price range?
Moderately priced, in the centre of town.|There are 21 great places to choose from. Do you have a certain type of restaurant you are looking for? Perhaps Italian or European?
I want to eat Thai food.|There aren't any Thai restaurants in that price range in the centre of town. Would you like to try something else?
Let me know about your Italian restaurants.|Okay, I found two options for you:  Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton.  Do either of those appeal to you?
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at 13:45 on thursday|I was able to book your table.  Your reference number is : OSAGFN8W.
Thank you. I will also need a hotel in that same area. Please, no guesthouses!|There are 3 options for hotels in the centre. There is one 0 star, one 3 star and one 4 star option. Which would you prefer?
I want the place with 0 stars.|Cityroomz has a 0 star rating with free internet, but does not provide parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please.  For 2 nights.|How many people will be staying with you and what day would you like to reserve your hotel room?
Two for the same day. I need a taxi to commute between the two places to be sure it arrives by the booked time. The contact number and car type?|Your room is booked, ref #DOSETWFU, and a red Audi will pick you up and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. Contact number 07840525996.
I have the hotel and the taxi already?|Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, Those are all i need for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
you too have a great day|Thank you so much.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap place to sleep, please.|What area of Cambridge will you be staying in? We have multiple hotels to choose from.
It doesn't matter, should be cheap and has four stars.|You're in luck, I have 6 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are cheap with a 4 star rating. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes, but the place needs to have free wifi as well.|I would recommend the four-star Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a cheap offering in the centre and it has wifi.
do they have free parking?|They do, they are located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I am ready for a reservation.|I will just need number of people staying and number of nights and your arrival date.
Actually, I just need the address of the hotel.|Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Anything else I can help with?
I looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. Located in the centre.|There are 15 different restaurants that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you're interested in to narrow your choices down?
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 12:00 on Wednesday.|Charlie chan is a nice place I will book it for you
I need a place to stay located in the west of town.|Ok, I have 4 results for restaurants in the west area,what is your price range?
Actually, I'm more concerned with a place to stay and I'd like it to be in the west please.|I have many choices in the west. Do you have a price range or amenities preference?
If it could be a 4 star hotel with free wifi, that would be perfect.|The huntingdon Marriott hotel is a good option.
Can you book it for me for Thursday I'm staying 5 nights. Only one person is staying.|You have a reservation starting on Thursday at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel for 5 nights. Your reference number is X4HZQE2D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a restaurant called the bedouin for the same group of people at 14:15 and I would need the reference number.|I have bedouin here. Which day would you like to dine?
I want to book it for 1 on 14:15 on Thursday.|I'm not showing it is available for that time. Would you like me to try again or try a different time?
Can you try for Tuesday?|Your table was booked for Tuesday, at 14:15. The restaurant will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is B9DBXB04. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using our services.
have you heard of saint barnabas press gallery?|Of course! Is a nice little museum on the east side. It's free to enter, and a nice place to spend an afternoon.
may I have the address and area please ?|Its on the east side at the belfast yard, coldham's road. Postcode cb13ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are a lot of options, what's your price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range|Acorn guest house is a moderate 4 star facility in the north. Would that meet your needs?
That sounds great can you book a room for 4 people? We are checking in Monday and staying 4 nights.|Your reservation for 4 at the acorn guest house for monday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 7ERDYIN3.
Great, thank you. I think that is all I will be needing. Take care. Bye.|I'm glad I could assist you. Enjoy your stay.  Good-bye.
Are there any places in the north that have free parking?|There are five places that have parking. What price range do you want?
Any price range is fine. But if you can see if there is one that has 4 stars?|The Acorn Guest House is a moderately-priced 4-star hotel in the north area and has parking. Does this sound acceptable to you?
Does The Acorn Guest House have internet? I don't need free wifi.|Yes, it does have free internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, I would like to book. Can you get me a room there for Sunday? I will need a room for 8 for 5 nights.|I have successfully booked your room. The reference number is  UUF3948J. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!|You're quite welcome, thank you and goodbye!
I am hoping to find an expensive place to dine out while I am visiting.|We have quite a few options available to you.  Is there a particular cuisine you are interested in?
yes i would like scandinavian food|Unfortunately, there are not any expensive scandinavian restaurants in the area. How about another type of cuisine?
Eggrolls! They're good too - do you have any listings for Chinese restaurants?|I found one named 'the good luck chinese food takeaway' located on 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Is it in the south? I need one that's in the south.|It is, as a matter of fact. Would you like a table there?
Yes, I would like a table there at 11:15. We will have 8 people. I'll need the reference number.|For what day will this be for?
I would like the reservation for Tuesday please.|Your reference number is QA74KS8I. Have a good day.
I also need a place to stay.|I would be happy to help you with that! Can you specify what area you would like to stay in?
I'd like to be in the same area as the restaurant that we booked please.|I've found four different hotels in the south, all of which have free wifi and parking. Would you like it o be cheap, moderately priced, or expensive?
Something in the same range as the hotel please.|The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range, would you like to book a room there?
If the restaurant is a 3 star rating I will take it. Can I have the address and hotel type please?|The lensfield hotel is an expensive hotel in the south. The address for it is 53-57 lensfield road. What day would you like to book the room for?
I don't need to book it. Thanks for the help.|No problem at all!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.|Okay have a great rest of your day!
Hi I'm looking to find a moderate priced place to eat serving Italian food|What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't really matter, just someplace really good.  I'll need a table.|I can set you up at pizza hut fen ditton on the east side, how many will you be booking for and what day and time?
Wednesday at 19:45 the table is only for me.|Reference number is : QRDN1YRX. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|I could help you better if I knew which location or area of town you would like to stay.  There are several options.
something that is in the same part of town as the restaurant would be good.|Okay, great. And what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter.  Just something with the free parking.  Wifi is great but not needed.|El shaddai is a guesthouse in the center of town with both free parking and wifi. It is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book a room?
i just want the address for now.|sure they are at 41 warkworth st
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed right now!|I think you will enjoy el shaddai very much. Have a great week.
What are my options for pricier hotels that include wifi free?|I have 5 hotels available in your criteria. Would you like to stay at Gonville hotel?
Yes, that is fine.|Sure gonville hotel it is. How can I assist you?
Nothing more, thank you!|Okay thank you! Have a great day!
You too :)|Thanks, enjoy your visit!
Oh! Before you go, can I get the reference number from you please? And if it's not too much of a burden, can you provide train information for us?|What day, how many nights, and how many people would you like for you hotel room?
I need my hotel for 7 people for 5 nights staring from Wednesday.|I've made that booking for you at Gonville, your reference number is DZTN8BRL. Will that be all today?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge and arrives by 09:15 . How much will it cost me?|The cost of the train will depend on where you are traveling to.  Can you please let me know your destination?
How much would it cost to travel to Birmingham New Street?|What day are you taking this trip?
I'm planning on leaving on Monday.|A train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Monday will cost 75.10 pounds.
Will my train arrive by 09:15 ?|TR4300 will arrive at birmingham new street by 8:44. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the price for the ticket?|The price is 75.10. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please!|Alright, one ticket booked for train TR4300, your reference number is 1DAG5WL7.
Thank you for all your help! That is all I need today.|You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip.
Can you help me find a train from cambridge?|I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I am travelling to london liverpool street on Monday|Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
london liverpool street and should leave after 17:00, I need you to book it for 7 people and a reference number please|TR7092 leaves at 17:59, will this be ok?
That sounds great. Please book it for me.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 116.2 GBP. You can pay this at the station. Your reference number is 2SDPSULR.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 4.|I'm sorry there aren't any matches. Would you like to try something in the moderate price range?
How about  a cheap place instead?|There are 7 choices in the cheap price range, are there any preferences?
are there any guesthouses?|Yes, there are several. Do you have a certain area in mind?
The area is not an issue. I do want it to be an actual hotel.|There is one cheap hotel in the west. It is the Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes thank you. I need a room for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|I will work on getting that booked for you.
What is the reference number?|Booking was successful, your reference number is:  QJTIXK8C. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Fantastic.  That is all I have to request.|i hope you enjoy staying around here
I'm sure I will. Thanks again.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the north side.|I have many options in the north. All are in the cheap to moderate range. Do you have any further requirements?
I'd like a 2 star hotel with free parking.|Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge are both available
The Ashley Hotel sounds fine, can you book that for me please. Also, I need the postcode of that hotel as well.|the post code is cb41er. what day would you like the reservation for?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks. Have a nice day.|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am looking for a 3 star hotel to stay in.|There are 6, 3 start hotels in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for the part of town it is located in?
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.|Okay, I've got two that fit the bill.  One in the centre of town and one in the south.  Do you have a preference?
I do, yes. I would like to stay in the center of town. I need it to fit five people, for 3 nights, starting Wednesday afternoon.|I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a reservation for you. Would you be willing to book a later day or would you be willing to have a shorter stay?
Lets try just booking it for one night.|I apologize. One night is not working either. There are guesthouses.
What about the 4 star hotels?|I do have a four star hotel in the centre of town, but it is also unable to accommodate your guests for 3 days. Can you adjust your length of stay?
Can we book the other expensive 3 star hotel for one night starting on wednesday?|I reserved Wednesday night at the University Arms Hotel for 5 people.  Your reference number is GM90EY8A.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train leaving after 18:30 from kings lynn to cambridge.|Sure I will be able to book you a train, on what particular day will you want to travel?
same day as my hotel booking.|How many tickets do you need?
Great! I will need 5 tickets.|You are booked for Train Tr5556, your reference number is JA6WAOJC.
Thank you. What's the travel time?|travel time is 47 minutes
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thanks!|No trouble at all, I hope you have a wonderful stay!
I am looking for great saint mary's church in Cambridge|I've located that for you.  What would you like to know about it?
i could like to know what kind of attraction type it is, its area and phone number|great saint mary's church is an architecture attraction in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223350914.
Okay, I'm also looking for a place to say.  Needs to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|Cambridge has quite a few guesthouses. Do you prefer a particular area of town?
Yes the north area please.|Sure, do you care about price or star ratings?
I would prefer a 4 star. can you recommend one and give me their price range?|There are many! Do you need parking?
I do need parking.|to narrow our options, can you tell me your price range?
Any price range will work, whatever you recommend. I need a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. Just let me know the price range and of the have free parking.|I can't look at a hotel because you didn't read correctly and didn't select hotel. Thanks
Sorry! Do you have any 4-star guest houses available? I don't care about the price range, I just need to know what it is.|yes we have four of them in the area
Do you have any in the north?|i got seven options one of them is cheap and the rest are moderate
Thank you, I'll take the moderate price that is 4 stars.|I would recommend acorn guesthouse. I hear it's quite nice. Would you like me to book it for you?
That would be fine. Do they offer free parking?|Yes they do. Should i book a room for you there?
Is free wifi offered here?|Yes, it does have free wifi as well. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
You've given me all the information I need today. Thank you.|your welcome, have a great day!
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking and does not need to include wifi.|i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. what part of town would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the east, please.|I can book you in the autumn house. would you like me to do that
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.|Unfortunately there are no hotels available that fit that criteria.
What can you recommend? And please I need free wifi.|There are 5 expensive hotels with free parking. I recommend The Gonville Hotel which has a 3 star rating.
Does it have free wifi? Is it in the north?|It does have free wifi, but it is located in the centre, there are no expensive hotels in the north area.
Check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. Book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on monday.|Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a hotel please.|Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating. Free parking and wifi also. Does this suit you to book your stay?
Yes, what is the reference number?  I also need a train that departs from Cambridge by 12:30 can you assist with that?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful for the hotel
Will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from Monday?|Ok you are booked for 2 nights starting on Monday at the Ashley (Ref# MIFN5IXJ). What else can I help you with?
Yes I also need to find a train out of Cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in norwich.|Which day do you require the train?
Wednesday. I will need 1 ticket.|I have booked Train TR9635 departing at 10:36 and arriving at 11:55. Reference# UN7QY0L4. Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Alright, thank you and goodbye!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.|What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.|What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.|There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.|There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I also need you to book Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on Tuesday.|Ok done. Booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : 470BKSJV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks a lot|I am glad to help enjoy your time !
I need a 4 star place to stay in the north.|I found 5 guesthouses in the north. The Acorn Guest House has free internet and parking. Can I book this guesthouse?
Not at this time.  Let me think about it.  Thanks!|Okay.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, I would like to book the Acorn Guest House for wednesday.|Certainly! How many people are staying and how many nights will you require?
It will be 3 nights for 8 people.|Unfortunately, they were not available for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can we please try for 2 nights?|The booking has been completed. Your reference number is : 01P47PJ5. Is there anything else I could do for you?
What museums do you have in the centre?|The Castle Galleries are in the centre.
That sounds good. Can you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The entrance fee is free.
Thanks. Can I also have the address and postcode?|Certainly. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help.  Thank you for your time.  Goodbye.|Great! Have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel to stay in that includes free parking. Can you help me?|There are many options in this price range.
Are any of the options guesthouses with 4 stars?|There are 9 in the area. I recommend the Warkworth house.
Can you book that one for 4 nights starting on Wednesday?|I can do that, but first, can you confirm how many guests will be staying?
Yes there will be one guest. I will need the hotel reference number. I also need a train that arrives by 20:30 and leaves on sunday|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is 5JGRH1VH.
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday. I need to arrive at or just before 20:30.|What time do you need to depart?
i don't care, just as long as i'm there by 20:30|What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by 17:00.|I have train TR5473 leaving at 17:06 and arriving at 17:56.
Great, that will work for me. I need 1 ticket please and the reference number.|The booking was successful the reference number is H6XOK6U4. The fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|thank you for using our service. goodbye.
I am looking for information about Rosa's Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the southern part of town. Its address is 53 roseford road, would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, can you book me a reservation for 8 for 5 nights on Thursday please.|Okay, booking was successful. Your reference number is : HYPPOZMF.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train.|There are 2,828 trains scheduled. May I have some more information about your travel plans to help you select an appropriate train?
Oh yeah sorry, I want to travel out of Cambridge and head to peterborough and get there by 10:45 on Tuesday.|I have 10 trains available. The nearest to 10:45 is the TR1430 leaving at 09:34, arriving at 10:24, with a duration of 50 minutes for 16.50 pounds. Would that work?
Yes, that should work|I am working on your reservation, how many tickets do you need for the train?
That's all the information I needed, thank you for your help.|Alright, if you need a booking in the future, we will be here. Have a good day!
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?|Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.|I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|it was successful. Reference number is : 1OS7NNXW. thank you.
Also I need a train on Sunday for 8 people|Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. I want the train to leave after 10:45|There are 7 options. Shall I book the earliest one?
Yes and to make a booking for the same group of people, be sure I get the reference number please.|The train is booked and here is the reference number KM4FJVYN.
Great! Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, have a great time.
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that is expensive and includes free parking.|I have 5 places that match your request.  Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I would prefer to stay in the western area of town. What would you have in that area?|There is one expensive hotel in the west. It is called the Huntingdown Marriot and is 4 stars. How does that sound?
That sounds great. Could you reserve it for me.  I will have 4 people and would like to reserve 4 nights beginning Sunday.|I'm sorry, but I am unable to book within those parameters.  Would you like to book on a different day or for a shorter stay?
Could you try one night instead?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : X0WCHYMC.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there anythings to do in the area around the hotel?|Yes, would you like to know the addresses to the night clubs?
Yes please. And the fee to get in.|Certainly. I'll need to know which nightclub you're interested in before giving you the entrance fee, however.
Any night club is fine as long as it's in the west part of town.|Most nightclubs are in the center, one is in the south, we have none in the west. Would another area work?
I was really hoping for something in the west, what other attractions are available in the west area?|How about the Lynne Strover Gallery? It's at 23 high street and it's free.
Could I also have their postcode please?|Lynne stover gallery has a postcode of cb30aq.  Can I help with anything else?
I think that is all I need for now.  Thank you for all your help.|No problem.  Glad to help.
I need a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|I have many guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I will need free wifi and parking.|Acorn guest house has that, will that work for you?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.|The reference number is,VAKDVQNB is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need train tickets.|Okay, please tell where you are going and where you are leaving from, and what day.
I am going to Kings lynn from Cambridge. I leave Wednesday.|What time would you like to travel? There are trains every hour from 5:11. It takes 47 minutes to get there from Cambridge.
I'd like to arrive by 17:30. Any trains that do that will be fine. I just need the price.|TR8890 arrives at 16:58. It costs 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the service, goodbye.|I'm happy to be of service! Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?|What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.|Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?|Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?|Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I also will need a hotel|Your train reference number is UOREY9NL. The total fee is 22 GBP. What area do you want to stay in?
It doesn't matter, I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|The A and B Guest House fits your request, would you like me to book it for you?
Do they have free wifi?|The guesthouse does have internet.
Thank you for all of your help.|You are quite welcome, do you need me to make a reservation for the guesthouse?
Yes, please. I'd like a room for 5 people on Wednesday for 3 nights.|Alright, your booking is complete. Reference number is TBFOOKPC. Anything else today?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.|I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a museum in town|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Any particular one or area you are looking for?
I'd like to visit one with a low or free entrance fee. I also need to know in what area the museum is located.|I can recommend Broughton House Gallery. It is free and in the centre of town.
Is the Broughton House Gallery a museum? I am also looking for a place to stay. Preferably in the north.|Yes it is a museum. There are many hotels that match your criteria. Do you need free wifi or parking?
I do not need to have free parking or wifi. Please check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of a hotel for our stay.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Do you have a price range or number of stars in mind?
I would like it to be at least $100 a night and 3 stars.|I have two available guesthouses. They are both moderately priced. The Alpha-Milton and the Hamilton Lodge. Would you like more info on one of those?
Does one of those offer free parking? I would like it to have that where I stay.|The Hamilton Lodge has free parking and internet as well.  I can try to book it once I know the day, length of stay, and how many people.
Great. Could I get the postcode, phone number, and address please?|The postcode is cb41da and the phone is 01223365664. Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is All. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Are there any colleges in the west of town that I could go to? Thanks.|There are 5 colleges on the west side of town. I recommend checking out Churchill College. It's beautiful and free to get in!
What is the address to Churchhill College?|Churchill college is on storey's way.
thank you! I also am looking for carolina bed and breakfast|Carolina bed and breakfast is in the east area, can I book that for you?
No thanks, just gathering information.  Can I get the hotel type, phone number and postal code please?|You sure may.  It is a beautiful guesthouse located in postal code cb13nx.  Their phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you for the info.|You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Glad I could help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
I need to find a place to stay.  It needs to include wifi and I would like a 3 star.|Ok, I have 2 hotels and 3 guest houses matching that request. What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
Are any of them moderately priced and have free parking?|Yes there are 3 different options. Would you like to stay in the north, west, or south?
You may decide which area would be good, just let me know which area you pick.|I recommend Hobsons House in the west. Would you like to book a room?
No but I also would like to get a train leaving from peterborough.|OK, what day and time do you need to travel?
I would like a train on monday and need to arrive by 13:30|I have train TR7895 that will get you into Cambridge at 13:09. Would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I'll book it later. That's all I need. Thanks for everything.|You're very welcome! Take care!
What kind of entertainment is located in town in the south area of Cambridge?|Nusha is entertainment in the south part of town.
Sounds interesting.  What is the entrance fee?|It is actually free.  You can call them at 01223902158.
That sounds great. What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy. Do you need any more information?
I also need the phone number for the avalon hotel.|Unfortunately my system is not showing the number would you like the number to another hotel?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the east.|There are several to choose from.  Is there a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'm on food stamps and I can only afford the cheapest place.|There are 3 guesthouses available. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and wifi. They are the Allenbell, the Autumn House, and the Leverton House.
Do they have free wifi, and parking?   Free is my ideal price.|Yes, the guesthouses all provide free wifi and free parking. Would you like to a book a room at one?
No, but could you give me the postcode?|There are three guesthouses that meet that criteria, Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. For which would you like the postcode?
May I have the postcode for the Allenbell, please?|sure thing it is cb13js
I also wanted to find a nightclub to visit while I'm there.|there are quite a few in the towns centre. the kambar is quite nice at 1 wheeler st
That sounds great. Is there a cover charge?|Yes there is. It is five pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number?|Yes I will work on rounding that up for you.
Great I appreciate it!|The address is 1 Wheeler Street, postcode cb23qb, ant the phone is 01223842725.
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 15:45 please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07362491637
Can I help you anything else today?
thank you very much|You are very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'd like to find a place to stay.|Okay. let's narrow down your options. Which area of town do you prefer?
North part of town|We have 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north area. Do you need a certain price range?
I would like something in the moderate range.|home from home is moderately priced, has 4 stars, and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book?
Yes, eight people starting Thursday lasting for four nights.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is K73WLZ8H. Do you need anything else?
That should do it. Thank you!|Thank you and please remember us for your future travel needs.
I need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking.|great, i have 19 options for you!
I would like for it to be in the cheap price range and also offer free wifi.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House which is located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting thursday|The room is booked for you!  Your reference number is: JZXS562J  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for a cheap Indian place to eat.|There are 4 options. Would you prefer to eat in the centre or in the north?
I'd prefer the centre, please.|How does Mahal of Cambridge sound?
Do you have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223360409.
What is wrong with me, I also need the address and postal code, I dont know why I didn't just ask all of that at once.|Not a problem at all! The address is 3 - 5 Millers Yard Mill Lane, and the postcode is cb21rq. Anything else for you?
Yes, I need a taxi please to commute between the two.|Where would you be getting picked up?
That hotel we discussed earlier.|MAy i have a leave time ?
I would like to leave by 11:15 please.|A white Ford will pick you up at 11:15. The contact number is 07196946340. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it for me. Thanks! Bye|Your welcome! Good bye.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?|I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options.|They are the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.
The University Arms sounds good.|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL.
Perfect. You have been so much help!|I'm glad I could help you today. Is there anything else you need?
Yes please, I also need a train to Cambridge, on Thursday.|What town are you leaving from? What time do you want to depart or arrive, please?
I will be leaving Cambridge and arriving at Ely.|We have 10 trains that match your criteria. The TR0996 leaves at 05:50 and gets to Ely by 06:07. Would you like to book you a seat on it?
No thank you. I just need the price and travel time please.|Sure! The travel time is 17 minutes and it costs 144.40 pounds.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for calling today. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.|What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.|The acorn guest house is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?|Sure!  The reservation is set.  Your reference number is EOPOKFF6.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you|There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?
Woah now, that's way too early. I actually don't need to get in until 19:00.|I hear ya'. How about TR1038? It leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and gets into Birmingham New Street at 18:44. Would that work for you?
What's the price per ticket and travel time for that one?|75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minute trip.  Is there anything else, that I can assist with?
Have a nice day.|You too. Have a great trip.
I need to take a train from cambridge on thursday.|Okay and where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to bishops stortford and need to leave after 12:00.|The TR0927 leaves at 13:29. Would that work for you?
That will work fine.|Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though. What 3 star hotels do you have available?|I have 6 three star hotels available, what price range are you looking for?
Price range doesn't matter, I'd like free wifi though.|Do you want the hotel to be in a certain part of town?
Not really, can you recommend your favorite?|The gonville hotel gets rave reviews. It is in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book it?
I'm sorry can you tell me the price and arrival time on the train?|Train TR0927 will being leaving 13:29 and arrive at 14:07. Any thing else I can help you with?
How much is the train?|10.10 pounds is the price for train TR0927
I will also need a guesthouse.|I have three guesthouses with a 3 star rating. All have parking and wifi. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any will do. I need it for 6 people.|How long is your stay, for how many people please?
I just told you I need it for 6 people. And it'll be for 3 nights.|Bridge guest house is the best choice for you. Do you want me to book it?
Yes for monday. I will be staying one night.|I am sorry, I am confused. Do you need the reservation for 6 people for 3 nights or for 1 person for 1 night?
I need it for 6 people for 3 nights starting monday.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is 3HUEDEZP.
Please book for 6 people staying for 3 nights starting on Monday. Sorry for the conflicting info.|I have made that reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you for helping me with the train and guesthouse. It saved me time. Goodbye.|I am happy to help you. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.|What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.|The acorn guest house is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?|Sure!  The reservation is set.  Your reference number is EOPOKFF6.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you|There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?
I'm looking for a place to stay that provides wifi without any extra charges. Can you find something like that for me?|There are 32 places to stay with free internet. Is there a preferred part of town?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of at leas 3 stars and I'd also like free parking.|hobsons house is a good choice in the west. Would you like to book?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure. How many people are in your party?
4 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I've booked a room for 2 nights beginning on Sunday. The room is for 4 and your confirmation number is K55JXP0G. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train.|Where will you be heading and departing from and what day and time?
I'm going from cambridge to stevenage on the same day as the hotel booking. I need to arrive by 12:30.|I will find a train for you.
Great!  What is the departure time?|The TR8464 meets your criteria. The departure time is 11:21. Would you like to book tickets?
Sure! Can you tell me the cost, too?|Your tickets have been booked.  Reference #: HHBZ1L0T and the total fee is 40.96 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you so much.|thanks and welcome anytime
I may have gotten mixed up. I am departing from Stevenage to go to Cambridge.  I'm sorry.|ok, the TR7802 arrives by 10:43
What is the cost and departure time of the TR7802 train?|It departs at 09:54 and the cost is 10.24 pounds.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need a guesthouse with free wifi.|There are 23 guesthouses available. Can you tell me what area you are looking for?
East part of town|How about allenbell, they offer free parking and wifi?
Do they have a 4 star rating?|Yes, the Allenbell has 4 star rating.
I'm sorry, I actually need that 4 star guesthouse to be in the north part of town.|No worries! How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your needs. May I help book it?
Yes please. Give me the reference number!|What day, party size, and length of stay would you like to go?
I will need it to be for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday. Thank you!|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.|There is also archway house,would you like me to check booking there as well?
That sounds great thanks.|Booking there was successful. Your Reference number is : EFM3TDR4.
Thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay in the south of town.|i have a variety. if you can specify the price to narrow down my options
Moderately priced would be great, and I really need it to have WiFi.|Ok.  There are two options.  There is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house.  Which one would you prefer?
I think I'd like Bridge Guest House please.  Can you book it?|Sure. On what day, for how long, and for how many people?
We will arrive on Tuesday and stay for 4 nights. There will be 2 of us.|Booking was successful. and the Reference number is : 1JLMP6R2.
Great, thank you! We will also want to try a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Are there restaurants like that in Cambridge?|There are four is there an area you prefer to dine in?
The same area as my hotel.|Sorry there are none in the south.
How about one in the north?|There is one named the Nirala. WOuld you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! I need a table for 2 on Tuesday at 16:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ND2O59QO.
I need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by 16:15. It will pick me up at Bridge Guest House|I have that taxi reserved look for a grey tesla with a contact number of 07741826519.
that is great. thank you|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you so much.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Hello. I will be a tourist in Cambridge and I've heard there are many local attractions.|Yes, we actually have over 79 attractions. Do you have a specific area of town or interest of attraction you are looking for?
Can you recommend me a nightclub where I can get jiggy with it?|Well, I think the jiggiest nightclub in town is the Soul Tree Nightclub, right in centre city! Plus the entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
That is perfect can I have the postcode please?|Sure! The postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. Last time I stayed in Cambridge several years ago I stayed at the carolina bed and breakfast. Is it still around?|Yes, it is still around. Would you like me to book the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
I just need to verify some information before I book anything. Do they still have wifi, and have the prices stayed moderate? Oh, and they are in the East, correct?|They are in the east, yes, and they are still considered a moderately priced guesthouse. And they also have free parking and internet.
Awesome! I will also need to book a tai to go from the hotel to the nightclub.|Yes, they are in the east, prices still moderate and they do have wifi. Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 11:00.|I got a blue Audi for you. Their number is 07962712381. What else do you need?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 10:00.|Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.|TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great.  Could you please make a booking for seven people?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.|That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town.  What would you like to know?
Hello! My friends told me about a hotel called Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Can you get me some information about it, please?|Yes she lives in. Barbers lost his son and and sleeps and eats a lot
do they have internet? how many stars does it have? and whats its postcode?|They have internet, it has a 4 star rating, and the postcode is cb12de.
Great! I will also need a train. I need to leave on Saturday and depart from Cambridge.|What is your desired destination and timeframe for travel?
Going to  london kings cross. I want to leave after 10:15.|The TR5170 departs Cambridge on Saturday at 11:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 11:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you.  I would like the travel time and price information if you can provide it, however.|The TR5170's trip duration is 51 minutes, and it costs 18.88 pounds. Can I help with anything else today?
I believe that will be everything.|Have a great trip!
Thank you. You have been very helpful.|It's my pleasure. Goodbye1
Hi!  I'm looking for an attraction named Kambar.|It is a nightclub in centre at 1 wheeler street. Phone is 01223842725. Do you need any more information?
thanks i want to get its entry fee and address|The address was just given to you and the phone is 01223842725.
Is there a entrance fee?|Yes, there is a 5 pound entrance fee for the club.
I am also interested in a place to stay, that includes free parking.|Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I would like an expensive 3-star hotel.|Gonville hotel is in the centre, the lensfield is in the south, any preferences?
What do you recommend?|in my opinion, the lensfield is much more updated than the gonville. do you need me to book a room?
Just to confirm, does the Lensfield have free parking?  If so I'd like to book for 6 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.|The Lensfield Hotel does have free parking. I can assist you with that reservation.
Yes, can you please book a room with the details I already provided.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is CAFW873C.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help with this.|No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thank you for all your help.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hi, I need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 3 stars.  What can you recommend?|We've got two expensive hotels with that criteria. Would you like to stay in the centre or the south?
It doesn't matter where the hotel is located.|Both Hotels have internet, does not state if it is free. The hotels are The Gonville Hotel and the Lensfield Hotel.
Can you book The Gonville for me please? It'll be just me staying|Yes, I can help you with that.  How many nights will you be staying?
4 nights, checking in on Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 565UIMXV.
Thank you for your help. Do I need to do anything else or I'm good?|That is all unless you need something more from me.
Thanks for all your help.|Happy to be of service. Goodbye!
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available in the cheap price range.
I also need free wifi and a 0 star rating please.|I don't see any hotels with free internet in cheap price range.
Ok, then, is there one that is cheap and offers free parking instead?|No there is not one that matches that criteria.
Ok, I will try again later.|Hold on, I had mistakenly listed you as not wanting free parking (rather than not caring if they did). I have two gueshouses that offer both parking and internet.
I want which ever one is close to town.|How about the el shaddai? I will need to know how long your stay is going to be and how many is in your party please
Sure.  There will be 5 of us for 4 nights starting Monday.|The el shaddai was full but I was able to book you at the city centre north b and b. Reference number XLPM3FVL.
Perfect thanks so much for your help that was all I needed today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I am looking for the gonville hotel. Can you help me?|Yes, would you like some information or do you want to go ahead and book it?
Could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday?|There are no rooms available for that time.  Can I find a different hotel for you?
Yes,please try South part of town,thank you.|I can book a room for you at bridge guest house. Your reference number is C147JV9N. Will that be okay?
That's great. Thank you.|Okay is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be it. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
I need to book a train for Monday.|Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from Peterborough going to Cambridge.|I have 38 trains that meet your criteria. Did you have a preferred departure time?
Ideally it should leave after 13:45.|TR9063 leaves at 13:48. Would you like to book it? The next departure is at 14:19.
Possibly, what is the price, arrival time, and travel time for TR9063?|TR9063 arrives in Cambridge at 14:38. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fee is 16.50 GBP per ticket.
Ok, thanks for that information. I would also need assistance finding a hotel in the north part of town.|There are 13 hotels in the north of town. Do you have a price range or star preference?
I would like to stay in an expensive hotel, I know that for sure. I am not too concerned about missing out on amenities such as free parking and WiFi.|The acron guest house is a four star hotel.  Would you like to try that one?
Is it expensive, though?|The acorn guest house is moderately priced, but there are two more inexpensive guesthouses available if you would prefer.
The acorn guest house will do nicely.  I would like to book 4 nights starting Monday accommodating 4 guests. I will need the reference number.|The booking is successful, reference number is Y2ATA7D2.
Thank you very much. I think that is everything I need then.|Glad I could help you today. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'd like to find a 4 star lodging with free parking.|I have 19 hotels or guest houses throughout the city that meet your needs.  Can you tell me if you want a hotel or a guest house?
That does not matter but I need it to have free wifi and in the expensive price range.|I have 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure. Can you book it for 4 people? We will be staying there for 5 nights starting from Thursday.|I booked the university Arms Hotel for 4 people starting Thursday staying for 5 nights.  Your reservation number is XQE5GLOD.  Anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank you for your help.|Have a good day.
Thanks again for your help.|Goodbye and enjoy your stay!
I need a place to stay that has free wifi. I don't need parking though. Thank you.|I have 32 locations offering free wifi. Do you have a particular area of town in mind?
a star of 1 and in the North part of town thank you|I do not have any hotel or guesthouse matching that description
Okay, can we try one with a star of four?|The avalon guesthouse is four starts and meets your needs, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. We will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights. There are 6 people in our party.|Booking was successful. Reference number is:  M7X0176H. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a place to dine.|What type of cuisine are you looking for and what area of town?
I want a cheap italian place in the centre|There are three options to choose from. I recommend ask.
Okay, can you give me the phone number for ask?|The phone number at ask is 01223364917. Would you like me to make a reservation for that?
No that will be all thanks.|Okay, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I need a room, can you help?|i got a long list. it will help if you knew the king of food you want
Well I want a hotel not food.|Which area would you like to be in?
I would like something in the east with 4 stars.|There are 6 choices, any pricing preferences?
I would like it to be a guesthouse.|The allenbell is a guesthouse in the east in the cheap price range and it has a 4 star rating. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, I would like to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.|I will book that for you now.
Please do so.|Ok, I was able to make a booking. Your reference number is XVPDCMK9
thank you that is all I need goodbye|You're welcome. Have a great stay!
I'm looking for a fun nightclub here in town.|There are six nightclubs in town .One is in the south while the others are in the center
The one in the center sounds fun. How much is the entrance fee?|I would recommend Ballare.  The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the address and phone number?|The address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard; the phone number is 01223364222.
Thank you. I am also hoping to stay at a guesthouse in the north. Can you help me with that?|There are 11 guesthouses in the north in the cheap to moderate price range. How many stars are you looking for?
I don't have a star preference.|Avalon seems to match your criteria, it's a great guesthouse! Would you like to book a room?
Do they offer free parking? If so, I would like to book.|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different place?
Could you check one that's in the moderate range instead?|the avalon is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
I'm glad that it's a nice place, but is it moderately priced and with free parking?|Yes its moderately priced but unfortunately it doesn't have free parking. Would you like me to search for a hotel that offers that particular amenity?
That is just fine. Please book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|I have booked it for 5 nights/8 people starting Wednesday.  The booking reference is KX7LBOB7.  Anything else?
No that is all for now thank you.|sure thing! Have a nice trip!
Can you suggest some places I can go on my upcoming visit?  I'm super excited to be able to see some of the local attractions.|There are 79 attractions.  What part of town would you like?
I would like them to be in the Centre area of town.|What type of attraction do you prefer?
I would prefer the cinema.|The Vue Cinema is in the centre of town.  It is located at the Grafton Centre, east road. Can I assist you further?
Actually yes, find me a mutliple sports attraction in the centre please|I am sorry I have no listing for mutliple sports attraction in the centre,can I check a different area?
No. How about colleges?|Yes! there are thirteen in that area!
Okay, I'd like to a see a college that you recommend. I will need the entrance fee.|Downing College is in the centre area and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Before you go, can I have the phone number for the cinema?
I need a place to stay.|Vue cinema phone is 08712240240
I'm looking for a guesthouse, I do an online business, so I will need free wifi.|There are 23. What part of town would you like to stay in?
a star of 4 and should include free parking in the North part of town|I have the Kirkwood House in the north.  It's located at 172 Chesterton Rd.  Would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book that for 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and give me the reference number on it.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is CX1Y5225.
Thank you. Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the town centre. What price range were you looking at?
I'm definitely looking for someplace cheap.|i would recommend golden house in 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. can i book for you?
no, just tell me the address and phone number.|The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, phone number 01842753771
Could you also book a taxi for me from the guest house to the restaurant?|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 05:45.|So you want to go from the restaurant to the guesthouse at 5:45?
Yes, please, I would like a taxi from the restaurant to the guesthouse.|Ok I've booked you a blue bmw to leave Kirkwood house at 5:45 going to Golden House.  Contact number:07124998798
Cool, thanks for your help.|you are welcome and thanks for choosing us
No problem. That's all I needed too. So, bye.|welcome anytime you need use
Hi, I am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you recommend something for me?|Sure, I am fond of the acorn guest house personally. Did you have a price range that you'd like to stick to?
I'm not too concerned about price. Is the Acorn Guest House in the north section of Cambridge?|Yes it is. Are you wanting to make a booking.
yes,  i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Sure thing, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will need that.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AOJGD8XG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports type attractions in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
How about a type of college? Could you provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address?|Yes, Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and the post code is cb23bu. It's free admission.
Thank you! I also need a taxi please.|Certainly. What is your intended destination and travel time?
I need to leave the attraction by 21:00 please.|Okay, you're all set. I booked a blue honda and the contact number is 07846176365
Thanks so much. You took care of everything I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.|It's been a pleasure. Have a good day.
I would like to visit the theatre.|There are five theatres in town, four in the centre and one in the south side. Do you want to visit a particular area of town?
I do not have a preference. I do need the address, postcode and phone number of a theatre.|would you be interested in the cambridge arts theatre?
Yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for Cambridge Arts Theatre. I also need to find a hotel to stay in.|Cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage, postcode cb23pj, and phone is 0122350333.  Did you have any preferences for your place to stay?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range and I will need free parking.|We have several places that meet your needs. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Archway House in the north.
i want it to be a guesthouse|The acorn guest house is in the north, with free parking, in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many people and for how many days?
I actually don't need it booked, I just need the address.|The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks now I need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:30 going to the theatre.|Where are you leaving from? What is the destination? What time do you want your taxi to arrive?
I will be leaving the hotel by 23:30 to the Cambridge Arts Theatre.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact nuber is 07474363221, and it is a Yellow Tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope I think that's it for now. Thanks much and have a great rest of your day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a five star hotel with free wifi.|I am sorry there are no matches. Would you like to try a 3 or 4 star hotel?
I could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 0.|I have two, does the area matter to you?
No, area doesn't matter.|Okay I have found the El Shaddai which meets your requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|I have you booked at the El Shaddai, the reference number is K8J1T9N4. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.|Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your visit.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.|I have 13 hotels in that area, is there any special accommodations you would like?
I would prefer a guest house and free wifi please.|That narrows it down to 10, any other requirements?
Nope. Have any recommendations?|How about archway house. It is a guesthouse with a 4 star rating, moderate price range.  It has free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Okay, I'd like to book 8 people for 4 nights staring Sunday, and I need a reference number. I'd also like a train to Broxbourne Thursday.|Your booking has been completed!  Your reference number is M8Y6V3HX.  Will your train be departing from Cambridge?
Yes it should be, is the one booked departing from Cambridge?|Yes the train will be departing from Cambridge.
Thanks.  I'm good then.|I think there's been some confusion. Your lodgings are booked but we haven't yet found your train. Do you have a particular time you need to depart or arrive by?
Yes,  I need to book my train. I need it to arrive by 17:30, please.|The TR2885 train leaves Cambridge at 06:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 07:01. The ticket price is17.90 pounds each. Would you like to book this train and how many tickets.
Yes. I will need 8 tickets for the train.|Great! I booked those 8 tickets for you. You are all set. Your reference number is  0H84W4J6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help!|Great!  The total fee is 143.19 GBP.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|I have about 44 attractions to choose from in the centre. Can you tell me what type of attraction you are looking for?
Maybe a museum would be nice. I am not sure.|I have 11 museums in the centre of town. They are all free. Do you have a type of museum in mind?
Can you just choose one for me and give me the phone number?|Primavera is in the centre at 10 King s parade. Admission is free. Can I get you a train or taxi as well?
Can you give me the phone number for Primavera?|Certainly!  Phone number is 01223357708.  Would you be interested in any restaurants or hotels while there?
Yes, I would like to find a place to stay in the south with free parking. Could you help me?|Please tell me your price range and hotel star rating preference.
I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and price no more then 125 a night.|I have 2 guest house.One is in the moderate price range and the other is cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
There are no expensive hotels with 4 stars in the south with free parking?  I'll take cheap if there aren't, but I need the address and phone number, please.|I have rosa's bed and breakfast. It is in the south and cheap with 4 stars.
That sounds fine.  Can you provide the phone number and address?  And, is that considered a hotel or a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse and the address is 53 roseford road.  The phone number is cb22ha.
I'm sorry, can you provide that phone number again?  I got a post code.|The phone number for rosa's bed and breakfast is 01223512596
I'm looking for somewhere to dine in Cambridge.|Did you have a particular style of food in mind such as British or Chinese?
yes. it should serve north american food and should be cheap|I have none listed for cheap,another price range?
That's okay.  How about cheap Italian food?|Sure, there are a number of Italian restaurants and pizzerias. What part of town are you looking in?
It should be in the center area.|Okay at the center I have three places serving Italian in the cheap price range. Would you like me to pick one for you?
Yes, please. Can I get their contact information?|The phone number for Ask is 01223364917.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Would you like me to book you a table?
I need the address and postcode.|tha adress is 12 Bridge Street City Centre with postcode cb21uf
Also looking to make a reservation at Archway House. 2 people,  2 nights starting from Saturday. Please make the reservation and provide reference number.|Your reservation number is 0KE0V11E, anything else you need?
Not for now, thank you!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay the night. I'd like a hotel, but nothing fancy, it can have zero stars and that's fine. Do you have any recommendations?|Cityroomz is a hotel in the city center with 0 stars. It's moderately priced. Do you want me to book that for you?
No, I don't need to book a room, but can I get their contact info and location please. Thanks.|Certainly. Cityroomz is in the centre of town, and their address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road, postcode cb12tz. Their phone number is 01223304050. Can I help with anything else?
Do they have internet?|Yes, Cityroomz has internet.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes - are there any restaurants serving international cuisine that are located in the center of town?|Absolutely! There are two in the area - may I suggest The Varsity Restaurant?
Sure is that in the moderate price range?|Yes it is! Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book for 6 people at 1330 on Wednesday. Can I also have the reference number as well?|Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try another time?
What about the other restaurant that serves international cuisine?|Bloomsbury restaurant meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on Wednesday.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book you for that time.  Would you like to try another day or another time slot?
No how about trying another restaurant for the same time.|I'm sorry but there are only two international restaurants, is there another type of food you would like?
Could you try it for Tuesday?|I'm sorry, but I was unable to book either restaurant for 1330 on Tuesday either.  Would you consider dining a little earlier or later?
If neither restaurant is available for 13:30, can you try 14:30?  It's later than I wished, but I guess that can't be helped.|I'm sorry booking for both restaurants at 1430 were unsuccessful would you like to try another time?
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for Wednesday at 13:30?|Yes, I've got the Bloomsbury Restaurant at 13:30 for 6 on Wednesday.
Great can you please book that for me, and give me the reference number|I managed to book your table and your reference number is 5ISFHKR3. Can I help you with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you very much.|Your welcome, have a nice day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses offering free parking. Do you have a price range?
No, just have to be in the east.|I suggest the guesthouse, Allenbell. Their address is 517a Coldham Lane cb13js. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights please.|I'll be happy to do that for you, what day will you plan on arriving for your stay?
I need the room starting on friday, please.|I was able to book you. Your references number is HIASSAH9.
Awesome. Thank you. Can you please find an architectural attraction for me in the centre of town?|Sure I have many. Should i suggest one for you?
Yes. Please make a suggestion.|How about all saints church located on jesus lane? There is no entrance fee, and the postcode is cb58bs.
Sounds great.  Can you book a taxi to the church for me?  I want to leave the hotel by 5:45.|That has been booked. Be expecting a white Toyota. Should you need to reach them, please call 07017250356.
That would be it and thanks a lot|You have a great day.
I am looking for moderately priced lodging with free wifi.|There are 17 hotels that match that criteria.  Would you like to narrow it down some? Do you need free parking?  What area would you like?
I would like it to have a four star rating.|There are 11 entries. Does type matter to you?
It does not.  Do you have a favorite?|I particularly like the acorn guest house in the north. It meets your criteria plus offers parking, just in case you might need it. Would you like a booking?
I don't need a booking but can you tell me the postcode and address?|Yes of course, their postcode is cb41da, and their address is 154 Chesterton road. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No, that is all the information I needed.  Thank you!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a particular restaurant|I can look it up by name if you are looking for a certain one, what is the name of the restaurant you are needing information on?
Please look up yippee noodle bar.|Yippee Noodle Bar is an asian oriental place in centre with a moderate price range. It's location is 40428 King Street City and phone 01223518111.
Could I make a reservation for Tuesday for 7 people at 13:45.|Reference number is : S9X5LQ1I. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay, that has moderate pricing.|Cityroomzs hotel is moderately priced and also in the center, would you like me to book it for you?
I need something in the north, with free wifi and free parking.|Oh yes I have many choices in the north that are guesthouses and two hotels with free wifi and parking. Do you need me to suggest one for you?
I would love if you could suggest one.  It can be so overwhelming.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It's price is moderate and it has both internet and parking.
What is the address and how many stars is it rated?|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road and it is rated 4 stars.
Thank you for the address and star rating of Acorn Guest House.|Would you like for me to make a reservation for you at the Acorn Guest House?
No that will be all thank you.|Thanks for using our service. Have a good day.
I'm looking for some lodging. Are there any 3-star accommodations where you don't have to pay for parking?|There are! What part of town would you like to stay in?
In the west please. Also, I'd like it to be expensive.|There are no lodging in the expensive price range that is in the west side of town. Would you like somewhere else?
Yes, let's check the south please?|the lensfield hotel fits your description. can i book?
What is the hotel type, phone number and address?|It is a hotel located at 52-57 lensfield road and the phone number is 01223355017.
cool, i also need a train|Where are you travelling to and from and on what day and time please?
I am going to Cambridge from Stansted on Thursday and arriving by 15:30.|There is a 14:24 that would get you there are 14:52.  Does that sound good?
Great what is the price and id of the train?|The train ID is TR2473 and the cost is 10.10 pounds.
That is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday.  Can you book it for me?|Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:45.|I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you?
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?|The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.|There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
Hi I am looking to get some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house|The Aylesbury is a moderately priced 4 star hotel on the south side of town. Would you like the phone number, or a room, perhaps?
Great. Book me that for 2 nights starting from saturday for just myself.|I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that hotel for the nights you want, would you like me to try something else?
How about 1 night starting from Saturday?|That worked.  Your reference number for the reservation is VDL0A0ID.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with a four star rating|Certainly, there are 18 options. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
Yes in the north and it should be 4 stars and have free wifi please.|I found the acorn guest house! It has free wifi and parking, four star rating and is in a moderate price range! Would you like me to book it?
Yes! I would like a booking please.|How many guests and how many nights would you like the reservation for?
On second thought, I am not quite ready to book yet. Could you send me their postcode, please?|The postcode is cb41da.
Thanks so much for your help!|Your welcome. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all! Thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
Could you please find me somewhere to stay? I need a moderately priced hotel but I'm not fussy about parking|Sure, which part of town do you want to stay in?
I really like the north. It seems much more peaceful.|I have two hotels available. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like more information?
Is it a 4 star? If so, can you give me the phone number?|The Acorn Guest House is 4 stars. Does it need to be a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
Either way is fine with me. What's the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353888
I also would like to find Chinese food in the north.|Hakka and the hotpot are expensive, golden wok is moderately priced, any preferences?
no, could you just reserve a table for 4 at 11:45 thurs and I'll need the ref # too please|A table has been booked at Hakka. The reference number is WBYI96YH. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|No thank you that will be all
I am looking for places to go in the east.|Anything specific? There are museums, entertainment, boats, a park, multiple sports, a pool. Any of this interest you?
Nothing in particular, we just need it to be on the East side.|How about Cambridge Artworks, it has no entrance fee.Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking|Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
Not really. Could you recommend something?|archway house is located in the north at 52 gilbert road. can i book that for you?
No, thank you, not at this time.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes for 3 people for 5 nights from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : NT9VPI1K.
Great thank you. That is all I needed.|Have a nice day then!
Greetings, I'm looking for a hotel to stay at on the southend.|Do you have a price range?
I would like it to be cheap.|I have one listing for rosa's bed and breakfast, would you like other information or like me to make a booking?
Yes, I would also like free parking and prefer a guesthouse.|I found Rosa's Bed and Breakfast matching your request.  Would you like me to book that for you now?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 8 people starting this Friday|I have reserved your room. The reference number is 0L7YKIHN. Can i do anything else for you today?
I was also hoping to find a restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel.|If you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the south there is a Chinese one and a Portuguese as well. Do you have a preference for price or style?
The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and  I would like a restaurant that serves barbeque food|There is only Chinese or Portuguese available
Tell me about the Portuguese restaurant|The restaurant is Nandos. I think you'll really like it. It's cheap and in the south area of town at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, post code cb17dy.
book it for the same number of people at 14:30 on the same day|Nandos is booked with the reference number 38RU5UDA.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Yes, I need a taxi to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booking time.  Nice car, no clunker please.|I was able to book the taxi arriving at nandos by 14:30.  It will be a yellow ford and the
contact number is 07126119012.
Great! Thank you so much!|You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving Italian food?|We've got the Pizza Hut in the center of town that serves Italian food.  Would you like to try that?
Maybe... is there any other place that's cheap and serves Italian food?|There is also Pizza Express, it is an expensive restaurant, or you could try Zizzi Cambridge, which is a cheap option.
I think I will try Zizzi Cambridge.  Could I get the address and postcode?|Zizzi Cambridge is at 47-53 Regent Street and the postal code is cb21ab.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a particular hotel called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star Guesthouse located in the East. At a moderate price point it boasts both free wifi and free parking. Need more information?
I need the address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|The address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 138 Perne Road. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you.  I just needed the information for now.  Thanks for you help.|I'm happy we could be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?|Absolutely! My favorite place in the center of town is Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. It's beautiful there!
That sounds great, thank you very much! What type of attraction is that?|it is a park. can i give you their phone numbers?
No thanks. Can you find a guesthouse with free parking for me?|There are 21 guesthouses. Do you have a preference in price range or area of town?
No, but I definitely need free wifi.|That narrows it down to 21 options. Would you like a particular star rating?
Not really. It's fine.|Well, if you'll be visiting the centre, I recommend the El Shaddai. It's moderately priced with wi-fi and parking. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, I will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting Monday.|The booking was successful. 8QCQDYFQ is your reference number for that booking. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
I will need a taxi as well|Certainly, I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by 11:00.|Your taxi will be a yellow Volvo waiting at 11:00.The contact number for the taxi is 07072119452. May I help you with something else?
Great that's all the info I needed today, thanks!|I'm glad I could help you.
Me too.  Have a nice day.|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. It's a hotel.|When would you be staying there?
On Sunday.  I want to make sure it's the place I'm thinking of first.  Can you provide me with information about the hotel?|It is a guesthouse in the east and is cheap and has a 4 star rating.
That's the one! Could you make a reservation for me? There are two of us coming in on sunday and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.|I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is QGZKE117.
Can you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south?|Taj Tandoori is a great Indian place in the south. Would you like to know more?
Sure, could you tell me the phone number, postcode, and address please?|The number to call them is 01223412299. Their postcode is cb17aa. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Anything else for you today?
That is all, thank you for your help|Enjoy your stay! Good bye!
Yeah, I'm looking for a room. Do you offer anything in the southern part of town?|I have four places with rooms in the south.  1 is cheap, 2 are moderate, and 1 is expensive.  Do you have a particular price range?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range with free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|The Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse and The Bridge Guesthouse are in the south area with a moderate price range and both have free wifi. Can I book one of these for you?
Yes, please. Either one sounds perfect!|Sure,  I can book the Bridge Guest House.  How many people will be staying with you and when will you be arriving and leaving?
I need to book for 6 people starting Saturday and staying 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Do you need anything else?
Yes. What is the reference number?|Reference number is DVGIBPIM.
Perfect, thank you very much for your help! Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:15 departing from cambridge.|Where are you heading to?
I need to go to stevenage on wednesday|The TR9016 leaves at 21:21.
That sounds good. I will need 4 tickets.|I was able to book that for you; the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Your confirmation number is 3JBQP8O4.
I am also looking for a particular hotel called the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|They are a 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, pricing is cheap, internet and parking are included.  Are you interest in staying there?
I'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on Sunday for 3 nights.|OK, I have that room booked for you, your reference number is going to be,  G3S8EY5N. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Thank you for your help.|It has been a pleasure to help you, thank you for using our service goodbye.
I need a hotel to stay in that has free parking.|Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Just a hotel with free parking, free wifi and a star of 0.|I do not have any place fitting that criteria. Perhaps some other perimater?
Can you see if you find one with a start of 4?|Sure thing, I have three options would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, one person two nights from Thursday.|Okay your all set! Reference number is UTI90SWFB. Anything else today?
What is the name of the hotel?|The hotel is huntingdon marriott hotel
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. I want to leave after 14:45|There is one that leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 for 16.50 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I need one ticket please.|Alright, your reference number for the train is CD9P0QQT.
Thank you, that is all I need.|Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a great day!
I need a train leaving from kings lynn.|Okay. What day will you be traveling and what is your destination please?
I will be traveling on Sunday and need to go to ely.|I'm sorry, but there are no trains that travel between Kings Lynn and Ely.
What if I left on Friday?  I need to book it for 7 people and I need the reference number please.|My apologies.  Our system only calculates trips either to or from Cambridge, so we are unable to make this reservation for you.
Can I book a train with the same requirements from Kings Lynn to Cambridge?|Sure.  Do you still want to leave on Friday?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|I'll be happy to book that for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time preference?
I need to arrive by 09:45.|There is only one train that day. TR9102 would you like me to book this?
Yes, for 7 people please. If I could have the reference number that would be great.|Success! I have booked you on this train and your reference number is 9M4R8Z4V.
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse located in the north with free parking.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything matching that.
Are there any 3-star guesthouses at all?|I have found one for you. The Hamilton Lodge is a 3-star guesthouse in the north with free parking.
Please give me their phone number, price range, and address|Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664, they're at 156 chesterton road, and they're moderately priced. Would you like to book a room? Or is there anything else I can help with?
that is it for today thank you|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, I believe so. Thank you. Good bye.|Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!
I need help finding a particular hotel.|Would you like to tell me the name of that hotel?
The Worth House is what I'm looking for.|Worth house is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the north part of town.
All right. Could you see if they have rooms for 6, for 4 nights beginning Friday?|They do and the Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZN1NTVHW.
I would also appreciate it if you could help me find a cheap restaurant serving food from Corsica|I'm sorry. I'm not able to find any restaurants that fit your needs. Would you like to try a different food type?
That's okay.  How about Italian food?|There are a few. The Da Vinci Pizzeria is cheap. It's in the north part of town so it shouldn't be too far from Worth House. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for Friday at 19:00 for 6 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XJ947G87.  Do you need help with anything else today?
No that would be it. Thanks !|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train departing from ely going to cambridge?|is there a day of the week you would like ?
Yes. I am looking for a train that's leaving on Wednesday after 19:30.|I have one leaving at 19:35 and arriving at 9:52 will this work for you?
This train sounds good, but wouldn't like to book yet. Can I get the train ID?|The number is TR032.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a place to stay|There are many great places to stay around town, what area did you have in mind?
I don't mind.|There are 33 options, so let's narrow it down.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for something expensive.|Okay. You have five options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, stars, or internet and parking preferences?
Nope. What's the address and price range for your favorite one? And do they offer internet?|I highly suggest The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield Road and is expensive.
I want to stay at a guesthouse with free parking, actually, if possible. Are there any that you can recommend for me, please?|Sorry there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range.  I do show there are 3 in the moderate price range. Would you like one of those?
Yes please, is there one in the North?|There are seven in the north area in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
I need any guesthouse in the north that includes free parking. Whatever one you reccomend will work just fine.|The Acorn Guest House offers everything you need. Their contact number is 01223353888. Do you need me to do the booking?
No, that is all i need, thank you.|Okay, if you think of anything else you need, then don't hesitate to give us a shout! But otherwise, goodbye and have a good trip!
I am looking on information regarding train tickets. Can you help?|Absolutely! Where will the departure and destination points be?
I will be departing from Cambridge and my destination is the Stansted airport.|There are many trains that fit your criteria. Could you please tell me what day and time you would like to depart?
I would like to leave Cambridge on Monday after 13:15|These trains leave from Cambridge 40 minutes after the hour every hour, starting at 13:40 and running to 23:40. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thank you. I will just need the train ID and travel time of the first one leaving after 13:15 going to the airport.|TR3769 departs at 13:40 with a total travel time of 28 minutes.  Do you need further assistance with anything else?
I also need a place to stay in the expensive range that includes free parking, in the south with a star of 3.|Sure, we have the lensfield hotel, it's a 3 star expensive hotel in the south with free parking. Would you like to book it?
I do not need to book the hotel yet.  Can you please give me the phone number and hotel type?  Also, do they have internet?|The phone number is 01223355017. It is a hotel type, and yes there is free internet. Anything else?
No, I seem to have all the information I need today.|Great.  If you need tickets, don't hesitate to contact me again.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a place, I think it's called the Arbury Guesthouse and Lodge. Can you help me?|You are correct. The Arbury Lodge is a great guesthouse located in the north part of town. They are moderately priced and rated 4 stars.
What is their address?|Their address is 82 arbury road. Would you like me to book this hotel?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can book it but will need to know for what day, the time of the booking and for how many guests.
Can you find a train for me as well?|Did you still need the hotel booking? If so, I will need to know the day of your arrival, length of stay and number of guests so that I can complete your request.
I also need a train.|I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Departing from Stevenage, going to Cambridge. Friday, want to leave after 12:45. I want the train ID, price, and travel time, please.|TR7785 leaves at 13:54, 49 minute travel time, for 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Nope, that's all I needed thanks|Have a great day.
I'm looking for the hotel called Kirkwood House.|What specific information are you looking for?
I'd like to get the address, hotel type, and price range please!|The kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Their address is 172 chesterton road, post code cb41da.
Perfect, thank you.  Can you recommend a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?|There are 3 mediterranean restaurants in the centre. The Gardenia had good food and is cheap, while the other to are in the highest price range.
Gardenia is fine. Can I get the postcode and price range?|The Gardenia is in the cheap price range and is located in postcode cb23ll.
Thank you for finding the Gardenia for me, that is all I need today.|Thank you have a nice day.
I want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve Australian food in the centre.|Unfortunately, there are not.  Do you want me to run another search?
What about an expensive restaurant in the centre?|Sure I have many types of cuisine to choose from: African, French, Asian Oriental, British, European..any preference?
I'd be interested in any serving British food.|Okay, how about midsummer house restaurant located at midsummer common?
Sounds great. Please book me a table for Wednesday at 16:00 for 5 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W3Y6OCL8.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi. Can you find me one?|Sure i will find you one thanks i lot and welcome again
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi|Try the a and b guest house or arbury lodge guesthouse
Are either of those in the cheap price range?|In what section of town are you looking to stay? I have 8 different lodgings that fit your requirements.
I am not really picky.|I would like the arbury lodge guesthouse
Is it cheap?|No, but the alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap range and has wifi. It's in the centre of town. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
That sounds good, yes. I need 4 nights booked for me, beginning Friday and for 7 people.|I'm sorry. Alexander bed and breakfast is fully booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter stay?
Yes, 3 nights please and can I have a reference number|I've booked that reservation. The reference number is 1G6A07OI. Can I assist with something else?
No, I've got everything I need. I appreciate your help.|Great, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Thank you.I am looking for a guest house .I am also looking for one that is rather cheap.|I have 5 cheap guesthouses available.  Do you have any other requirements for location or amenities?
The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 3.|Unfortunately, I couldn't find a match.
advic me on any other option|Would you like to try a hotel?
No, how about a moderate-price guesthouse, please. Try that.|Hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with 3 stars and free wifi and parking. Do you want to make reservations?
Can I just get the phone number instead please?|Of course. The Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664. Is there anything else you'd like to know, or anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. good bye.|Have a great day!
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food|Okay! I have found 6. What area of town would you like to dine in?
I am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the centre of town, please.|There are 3 in the centre. I recommend the cambridge chop house, would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
That would be great. Please make it for Monday.|What time would you like the table for? And how many in your party?
8 people at 11:45. I need the reference number please. Also, I need a hotel with wifi in the same price range as the restaurant.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZXIBGEVS.
I'm also looking for an upscale, expensive hotel in the area as well.|How many stars are you looking for?
it absolutely must be a 3-star hotel|The Lensfield Hotel would meet your needs.  It's located at 53-57 Lensfield Rd.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting Monday, provide reference number. Also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by 11:45. I will need contact number and car type.|Your hotel booking was successful. Reference number is : 1Y395K30. As for the taxi, be expecting a white Lexus. Their contact number is 07735778206 should you need it.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today. Goodbye|Okay you are welcome.
I'm looking for a place to stay, I would need wifi, and would prefer moderate pricing?|We have acorn guest house that should fit your needs.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It has to have 0 stars|There is cityroomz hotel, is the centre of town an okay area?
Is that a zero star place?|That is indeed a 0 star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
No, I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.|The yu garden is a good place. May I reserve a table for you?
What area is it?|529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
What side of town is the restaurant on. Is it in the centre?|Yu Garden is an expensive place on the east side of town.
Thank you.  That should be all of the information I need.|Thank you, please contact us again if you need any other information. Have a good day!
Can you help me find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking?|Every place but one in Cambridge has free wifi! Do you have a certain area in mind, or perhaps a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap please.|I would recommend the Allenbell. It's located in the east, is cheap, and has free internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No, thank you.  I just need the name for today.|Okay. Thank you!
I'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called Travellers Rest.|I can help with that, what sort of information do you need?
I would like to book a table on Thursday for 6 people at 13:30.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9UPU6TFE. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 0 that has free WiFi in the moderate price range.|Cityroomz has everything you are looking for in accommodation. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes, please. Can I get a reservation for the same group of people on the same day? We'll be staying 4 nights.|I've made you a reservation at cityroomz for 6 people starting thursday night. Your reference number is LDYHL4PR. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. Can you help me with that?|When are you wanting to arrive?
I'm sorry, I need that taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to arrive at 13:30|Booking was successful, and it will be a red Toyota. Contact number is 07791600015. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you! That's all I needed help with today. Goodbye!|Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay, and what kind of information can I retrieve for you today?
I need to know if any trains are running to Broxbourne on Saturday that arrive by 10:30.|TR1997 leaves Cambridge at 09:01 on Saturday and arrives in broxbourne at 10:01. Will that work for you?
Great can you get me 8 tickets please?|I was able to book you. Your reference number is E7AJ44N7.
I also =nned to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 4 stars.|we have quite a few when were you planning your stay?
Do any of them have free wifi?|Yes there is internet.
Ok great, I need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the Monday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, which place did you want to book a room at? There are 18 results and all have free wifi.
You can just pick one for me. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I need a room Monday for 5 nights and 8 people.|Okay, I've booked your room for 8 people starting on Monday at the A&B Guest House. Your reference number is C6M738RF. Anything else for you today?
No, that will be all. Thanks. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hi I'd like to find a hotel to stay in. Somewhere with free wi-fi.|We have 9 hotels that offer free wifi. Do you have a star rating, area of town, or price range in mind?
I would like to keep it cheap if possible and something 4 star rated please.|There's the Cambridge Belfry. Shall I make you a reservation, then?
Yes, please. It is for 2 nights starting on Tuesday for 7 people.|Perfect, I booked that for you. Reference number is 42JFPPK8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Can you help me find a hotel called Bridge Guest House?|Certainly! The Bridge Guest House is a moderately priced accomodation in the south. Is there other information you would like to know?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, they do! Would you like a room?
Not right now, that's all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Are there any expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, no there aren't any of those.
Oh no, not even in the west part of town?|Cambridge does have two Portuguese restaurants, but they're both cheap and they're not in the west.
I really need something in the west. Could you try Indian food instead?|I have 5 expensive restaurants in the west side of town. If I may, might I suggest the Rice Boat. They are located at 37 Newnham Road, Newnham.
The Rice Boat would be lovely. I'll need a table on Friday at 19:00. It should be for 4 people. I'll also need a reference number, please?|Yes I got that for you and your reference number is UJWYM7ZY.
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area with zero stars.|I'm sorry, there are no matches.
Are you sure?  A 0 star HOTEL in the west side of time. Please check again.|No hotels or guesthouse in the west, can I try an alternate search?
Could you try looking for a guesthouse in the 4 star range?|Ok i have the finches bed and breakfast for you.
Okay, great. I'll need to book for Friday, 2 nights, and 4 people, please?|Done! Your reference number is 1FPC2TWB. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You're very welcome! Bye!
does cambridge museum of technology still open?|Yes, it does.
What's the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode for that museum?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Phone number is 01223368650. And the postcode is cb58ld.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. I also need free wifi there.|We have two guesthouses and three hotels in town centre. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I'd like an expensive hotel please.|There are two expensive hotels in the area of Centre.  The Gonville has a 3 star rating and the University Arms has 4.  Do you have a preference?
Yes the university arms would you be able to book that?|Yes certainly. How many nights will you be needing and when will you be arriving and how many people will be staying?
6 people, five nights, starting on Thursday, please.|Would you like me to book the room now?
Yes please book that.|OK, you're all set. 6 people for 5 nights at University Arms. Arriving on Thursday. Your Reference number is : TXXXCWJD. Is there anything else I can do today?
That's perfect. Thank you so much.|Do you need to arrange transportation to town, or between any venues? If not, it was my pleasure to help you and have a great day!
I'm sorry, I made a mistake!  I need for it to start on Tuesday not Thursday!!!!  Can you fix that for me???|No problem! I switched that reservation to Tuesday instead of Thursday for you and your new reference number is M7VCVOT6. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I think that's it.|Okay, have a great day! Bye now!
Hi, I could definitely use some help finding information on a particular hotel.|There are 33 hotels to choose from. What type of hotel do you prefer?
I am interested in the Gonville Hotel.|sure, what would you like to know?
I need the price range, area, and star of the hotel.|It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. It is a 3 star hotel.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yeah, I can definitely do that.  What day would you like the reservation for?
On second thought, I believe I'll wait on that reservation.|ok, is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes, I need a train leaving after 18:30|I have over 2800 entries under your specification. Would you like to  narrow it down?
leaving norwich going to cambridge on thursday|Okay! You can leave at 19:16, or on one of the 4 other other trains that depart every hour after. Which would you like?
That train will be fine. Can I please get the train ID, arrival time and travel time?|Sure, the train id is TR2493, the arrival time is 20:35 and the train ride is 79 minutes long. Do you need me to book you a ticket?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I an you find me a 0 star guesthouse to stay in.|city centre north b and b and el shaddai are 0 star guesthouses. Would you like to book one?
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a guesthouse with 0 star rating in the area of north that has free wifi, thank you.|The city centre north b and b meets those criteria. Do you want to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people and five nights on Monday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 5Z9LQBDL. Did you need anything else today?
I'm looking for a restaurant called saffron brasserie.|There is a Saffron Brasserie in the centre. It is an expensive Indian place. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. I'd also like to know what area of town it's in and what type of food it serves.|Saffron Brasserie is in the center of town, and it's an expensive Indian restaurant. Their phone number is 01223354679. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but I do need some information about a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel by 16:30.|OK, I have booked you a taxi per your requested, the contact number is 07831714545, it will be a white tesla picking you up.
Ok, great. Thanks for your help, you have covered everything I needed!|Fantastic. Have a great trip!
Hi, could you give me the location of the Saint Johns Chop House?|Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad, on the west side of town.
Great.  How about the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353110
Could you tell me what their price range is?|This restaurant is in the moderate price range.
I am also looking for a particular hotel named leverton house.|What information are you looking for?
The address please.|They are located at 732-734 Newmarket Road, postcode cb58rs.
Thank you for the information on that.|No problem!  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a room at the Leverton House for 3 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PY098GT4. How else can I help today?
No, thank you. That's all for now.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi I need a hotel that is in the east. I don't need free parking.|There are is one hotel and six guesthouses in the east. Would you like more information any particular establishment?
I would like the hotel if it has a 4 star rating.|I'm sorry, but there is no 4 Star hotel in the East. May check different area or guesthouse?
What types of guest houses are there in the east?|I have six, what price range are you looking for?
I am not particluar.|A and B Guest house is in the the moderate price range. It is on 124 Tenison road. Would you like me to book it?
Do they have rooms for 5 people. for 2 nights, starting Saturday?|Unfortunately no. Would you like to try a shorter duration, or maybe a different checkin day?
Okay, what about 1 night?|Yes, that did the trick. You're booked with reference number 0NDTR3EG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would love to try some french food while I am there. Could you help me find a restaurant?|There are no french restaurants in that area would you like to try something else?
I guess so. I guess maybe a good italian place would work.|How about Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 5 people and book me a taxi that leave the restaurant by 16:15.|What day and time would you need that reservation to be? Where will you be traveling to with the taxi?
Just to commute between the two places.|Okay, your taxi is booked and the car will be a black bmw and their contact number is 07478029188. Is there anything else you need?
Can I please have the phone number and area for Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Also, the guesthouse we booked is 4 stars correct?|It's located in the east. Their phone number is 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if that guesthouse we booked has 4 stars?|Yes it is rated 4 stars.
Ok great! That's all I needed. Thank you|You are very welcome. I'm glad I could assist.
Good Afternoon.  I am planning a trip and need some help with places I can go when I get there.|Sure! We have all types of attractions. Do you have anything in mind?
Not really.  I would like to stay toward the centre of town though.|I have several attraction in the Centre of town.  Could you provide a preference of type so I can narrow it down?
I would love to check out some modern art museums please|I would suggest castle galleries.
That sounds great! Can I have the address, phone number, and what's the entrance fee?|Its actually free to the public. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a 3 star room.|There are six options that fit your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you would prefer to stay in?
It doesn't matter, but I prefer a guesthouse over a hotel.|There are a number of guest houses available, the alpha-milton guesthouse is in the north area of town, shall i book it for you?
I just need to know the price range please. And confirm that it has free parking?|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is moderately priced, but it does not have free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I actually just want a taxi. I want to depart the hotel by 11:45 and go to the attraction. Please give me car type and contact info too|I have booked a blue volkswagen and the contact number is 07131268482.
Thank you so much!|Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in this lovely city!
I'm looking for a place to stay in west Cambridge.|i recommend hobsons house located in the west with a moderate price range and 3 star rated. it has both parking and internet. you can call them on 01223304906. postal address iscb39Ih, 96 barton road
I'm looking for a two star hotel with free wifi. Is there anything like that in the west?|I have no listings, maybe a different star rating?
Maybe I could stay in the north.  Can you please look there for a 2 star hotel that includes free wifi?|There are none matching your criteria, I have several 4 star ratings and 1 0 star rating.  Would any of these work for you?
Yes I want  to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday|How about the Avalon?  It is a 4 star guesthouse.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for Thursday for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : XGDP2O4H.is there anything else?
have you heard of cote? its a restaurant in town|Yes, Cote is a french restaurant, would you like me to make reservations for you?
no. i just want the address for today|Their address is Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanks a lot, that's all for now.|Can I look up any other information for you?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Need a place to eat in the south of town that has moroccan food.|Unfortunately, there are no Moroccan restaurants in the south part of Cambridge. Could I help you find one with a different type or location?
How about one with indian food?|I have place. Oh, and it's a great place too. It's called Taj Tandoori. It's on the expensive side. They are in the south part of town. How does that sound?
Can I book a table for three people at 19:30 on Tuesday?|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other choices in mind?
Another indian restaurant will due, and I'll need my reference number too please.|I'm sorry, I checked every Indian restaurant in the city and could not find a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 19:30.  Do you have another time perhaps?
Can you try 18:30?|I was able to book Taj Tandoori for 18:30 on Tuesday. The reference number is 8L32ED7Q.
I also need a place to stay. I would like it be in the same area of the restaurant and with a 4 star rating.|I have the Aylesbray lodge guest house and Rosa's bed and breakfast available.
Are either of them moderately priced?|Rosa's is actually cheap and Aylesbury is moderately priced.
Does the Aylesbury have free wifi?|Yes it does, would you like any more info on the room?
Please book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.|Unfortunately their booked for that time, would you like to change the day for booking?
How about 2 nights?|I was able to book that, reference number is X2FC2VN3.
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need one more information. Do you have a time preference of when to leave or arrive?
I will need to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation on tuesday.|Ah, that makes sense. I've booked it, a white ford should be there to pick you up. The contact number is 07803520714. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|It has been a pleasure. Take care. Good day.
I will be going to Cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the moderate price range.|We have many moderately-priced places to stay! Are you interested in staying in a particular area?
No, but I definitely want a four star hotel.|we have a variety. if we can narrow down by need of internet and parking
Actually are any of them 4 stars?|Yes, 11 of them are 4-star hotels. Do you need one with internet and/or parking?
i'd like free parking.|I would recommend the kirkwood house, located on the north side of town at 172 chesterton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Not yet, but I would like the postcode.|The postcode for the Kirkwood House is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for places to go in town, preferably in the centre.|The center offers architecture, colleges, boats, cinema, concert halls, museums, nightclubs, parks and theatres. What appeals to you?
How about a concert hall?|The Man on the Moon is the only concert hall in the area of centre.  I have no info on their entrance fee but their phone is 01223447144.
Thank you. Can I also get the address and postcode?|the address is 2 norfolk street and the postcode is cb12lf. any other information you'd like to have?
Thank you for your help. That's all for today.|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you, take care!|Enjoy your stay!
I need some place fun to go on the west side.  Any suggestions?|There are a number of attractions on the west side.  Are you interested in colleges, entertainment or museums?
I don't really have a preference, so which one do you think is best?|I think you would enjoy whale of a time located in the west of town.
What kind of place is it?|Whale of a Time is an entertainment venue. Would you like more imformation?
Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?|Their phone number is 01954781018 and I do not have information on the entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Yes. I also need info on a place to stay in the same area|There are 4 places to stay in the west. All have internet and parking. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse, please.|Finches bed and breakfast is avaialble would you like to book that?
I need a 3 star please.|There is the hobsons house. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it monday, 3 nights, 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LBHPKTZH.
I also need a taxi.|Will you be commuting between Whale of a Time and Hobsons House?
I need to go from the hobson house to whale of a time. I need to leave the hotel at 23:30.|Booking is completed. A white volvo will pick you up, their contact number is 0737942623. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is everything! Thanks!|Thank you for calling!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi.|I have several, when is your stay?
Do you have one that is a guesthouse?|a and b guest house is very nice
book for  6 people and three  nights starting on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZCRPOLK8. anything else?
Can you confirm a and b guest house is in the moderate price range, please?|Yes it is in the moderate price range, what help can I help with?
Okay, now I would like to find a restaurant in the centre that is also in the moderate price range|There are 21 options. What type of food do you like? Our restaurants are quite diverse.
Choose one and surprise me. And book it for 6 people on thursday at 13:15. I'll need the reference number|It appears our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes! What do you mean it's down? I need a place to eat!|Ah, it was just a temporary lapse, it is back up now.  I have you booked.  The reference number is K9PYGG5A.
What is the name of the restaurant you booked the reservation at? We will also need a taxi to get there from the guesthouse.|It was restaurant one seven, what time would you like that taxi?
I'll need it to pick me up from the hotel and arrive at the restaurant at least 10 min before our reservation?|A white bmw is booked for you. The contact number is 07793421858
Thanks! I'm all set now. Bye!|You are welcome and good bye
Hi, I am looking for a British-themed restaurant in the centre.|I found several restaurants to fit your needs. Do you prefer moderate or expensively priced?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant.|Wonderful! There are 4 in the centre of town: Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and the Cotto. Would you like for me to book one of these for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 8 at 12:00 on Saturday.|Unfortunately none of those are available, do you have another time you would like to try?
How about 11:00? And can I have a reference number for the reservation please?|It looks like Saturday at 12:00 is full for these as well. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
How about 11 o'clock?|You are booked at restaurant one seven at 11:00 with your table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number F3RVTNHQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 3 star hotel with free wifi.|I found multiple guesthouses with those qualities. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Type doesn't matter, but I do need it to be a mid-price range place, and I need free parking.|How about Hamilton Lodge? It's a guesthouse in the north end that has everything you ask for.
Sure, can I book for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people?|Ok, I've got you booked for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people at Hamilton Lodge. Your reference number is ALE0J2X2.
Great! Now I need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by that reservation time. Can you help with that?|I've booked a red honda for you. The contact number is 07213780681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you!  That is all that I need.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?|Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.|Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.|There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I want the train to leave after 16:30.|I can put you on the tr8665 with this train you will arrive at 17:58, how many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets, please.|Done! The total fare is 47.04 Pounds, payable at the station, and your reference number is 6CXB3CA2. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|welcome anytime you need to know about anything
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.|I have eighteen entries that match that. Please specify whether or not parking and free WiFi are of importance to you
It doesn't need to include internet. Does that narrow down the options?|I'd like to suggest alpha-milton guest house. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Cool. Can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?|You're all set. The book was successful and the reference number is 20MS14XW.
I'm also looking for a cinema in the west.|Sorry, I cannot find any cinema in the west.
Do you see any museum instead? Can I have the address?|Yep there are plenty of it. I would recommend the cambridge and county folk museum, which is located at 2-3 castle street.
That sounds great. Can I also have a taxi leaving at 11:45 from the museum to the hotel?|Please look for the white tesla. Its contact number is 07418410137. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all i need. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice trip.
I am looking forward to try a local restaurant in Cambridge and I have clowns cafe particularly in my mind. Can you assist to book a table for me?|I would be happy to help you book a table.  What day do you need your reservation?
I would like it for Sunday.|I need some additional information before I can book the table. How many people will be dining and at what time?
Oh, I'll need a table for 5 at 11:45 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RMG9GA7O.
Thank you, I also need to find a hotel with free wifi.|I'll be glad to help with that. Do you have a preference for the area or the price?
some place in the north with a 2 star rating.|The Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road meets that criteria. How does that sound?
Great, can I get a room for 5 people for 3 nights on the same day?|Done! Your reference number is IS1AYUCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are you familiar with any of the attractions around The Ashley Hotel?|I'm sorry, the computer system is currently down and I cannot search attractions for you.  Can I help with anything else?
No thanks.  I am all set. Goodbye.|good bye and have a good day
Hi there, I'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. I'd like somewhere in the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.|There are a lot of great restaurants that are moderately priced in that area. Which type of food would you like?
Somewhere that serves light bites, please|There is no place in that area that serves light bites. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine perhaps?
What about a restaurant that serves European food, but still in the centre and moderately priced?|There are 4 restaurants that match your request, would you like to book one of them?
No, but could you give me the address and phone number for your favorite one?|The hotel du vin and bistro is a great place, they are located at 15-19 trumpington street and reachable at 01223227330
Are there any places to stay in the same general area as the restaurant?|I have 33 hotels in that area. Do you have a price range that you would like to stay in?
I need to stay in the moderate price range, please.|I have the Cityroomz that is moderately priced. Would you like a booking?
Actually, could I just get its phone number and address?|Sure, Cityroomz is located at sleeperz hotel, station road and the number for them is 01223304050.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we book a guesthouse in the centre?|Of course, how many nights will you be staying, and how many people will there be?
I will be staying for 5 nights and there will be 6 people.|What day are you starting your stay, please?
Starting from Friday. Could you book that for me?|I'm sorry I could not book for the time and length of stay. Would you like to change the day or length of stay?
Hmmm. How about two nights?|Would a cheap guesthouse in the centre area work?
That sounds fine.|There are two, but the Alexander bed and breakfast seems nice. It's rated 4 stars. What do you think?
Go ahead and book it, may I have the reference number please?|Your booking was suucessful for 2 nights Reference number is : D7B8XOEZ.. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to book a taxi if we can.|No problem. What between which locations would need the taxi and for what time?
I'll need to go between the hotel and the restaurant, and we'd like to leave the hotel by 6:30.|OK, I've booked you a car. A black ford should be picking you up at the Alexander by 6:30, contact number 07373630564. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope that is all I need today. Thank you for your assistance with all this!|It was a pleasure to help you today. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a cheap place to stay in the centre of town, please.|There aren't many cheap places in the center, but I can recommend the Alexander B&B. They have 4 stars, despite being a cheap place.
Okay, I would like a booking please.|I'd be happy to help you with that booking.  Just tell me how many are in your party, and what nights you are looking for accommodation.
Yes, I need a hotel for 2 for four nights starting Wednesday.  Please send me the reference number once booked.|You are booked for 4 nights starting Wednesday for 2 people. The reference number is 11SD75ME. May I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you!|Thank you so much for your help
Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking?|I found 29 places matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in or a price range you would like to stick to?
I'd like to stick to a moderate price range.|Okay and what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in town centr|I'm sorry there are no moderately priced hotels in the centre of town with free parking. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Actually, the area doesn't matter. I just need a 4-star hotel in the moderate price range.|I do have some guesthouses, but no hotels.  Would you like reservations at one?
I really would like a hotel not a guesthouse, can you please search again - open to all areas.|I apologize, but the are no hotels available that meet the following criteria:  free parking, moderate price range, 4-stars. Would you like me to change the search criteria?
Can you double check for a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range with free parking?|I have 9 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there an area you are interested in?
There is no certain area but I'd prefer a hotel.|I'm sorry but you will have to change some of your criteria if you would like me to find you something or accept a guest house.
I apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn't matter. I would like it to have free parking, be 4 star, moderately priced, and the area doesn't matter.|Okay, no problem! I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has everything you're looking for.
Great, can you please book it for me? There will be 7 of us staying|Of course I can help you with that. What day will be arriving and for how many days will you be staying?
I will be arriving on Tuesday and staying for two days please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AKH4MCWD. Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you very much|You are welcome! Please don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything further, and until then goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel with free parking but wifi isn't a necessity.|I have many possibilities for you. Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I would like it to be cheap.|Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
Hotel please.|I found just one.  The Cambridge Belfry located on Back Lane, Cambourne.  It has a great reputation.
Can I have the address and postcode?|Their phone number is 01954714600 and address is back lane, cambourne.
i am also looking for a place to dine|Do you want a restaurant near the hotel in the west? Do you have a price range or cuisine in mind?
It should be in the same price range as the hotel.|I have two options for you italian food or vietnamese food. Which would you like?
I actually really want some Turkish food.  Can you find a place in the centre that is cheap?|i dont have anything that matches your description. would you like me to try something else?
Please check again for a cheap Turkish restaurant in the centre. If not, try Indian food.|I just don't see anything I would be happy to change location or type of food.
Hm is there a cheap turkish food restaurant anywhere in cambridge?|No there is not. Can I try a different price range?
Do you have any cheap restaurants in the centre?|Lots! Any particular cuisine in mind?
No, do you have one you recommend?|I would recommend j restaurant. It's an asian oriental restaurant and I hear the food is amazing.
Ok that will work. I need the address, phone, post code for that.|The phone number is 01223307581.
Thank you. I still need the address and postcode.|Their address is 86 Regent Street City Centre postcode cb21dp.  Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, that's all for now.|Ok! have a great day!
i'm looking for a college to visit|We have 18 great colleges to choose from.  Is there a certain area of town you would like?
In the centre please|I have 13 on the list, do you have any other preferences? Fees, no fees?
type of guesthouse and should be a star of 4|I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does!  Shall I book you a room?
Yes please, for 5 people and 2 nights starting Sunday.|Your booking for 5 people at the acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FZ15JGCM.
Thank you, I will also need a taxi.|Sure thing! May I have the times you would need that taxi and also where you would like to be picked up for your ride to the lovely Acorn Guest House?
I would like to leave the hotel by 24:45|I'll need to know your destination please
Oh, first I still need to pick a college in the centre to visit. Can you choose one to recommend and give me their address?|Downing college has wide appeal and it's free. Your destination address will be Regent Street and the postcode is cb21dq.
That sounds perfect. I will need the taxi for going between the two places. As well as the car type and contact number.|Booking completed! A grey skoda, their contact number is 07497699159. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you and enjoy your time in our lovely city!
I am looking for a train that should depart norwich and leave on Friday.|I would be happy to help you find a train.  Can you please confirm the destination for your travels?
Sure, I'd like to leave for cambridge after 19:00.|TR9589 leaves at 19:16
That's perfect.  Can I have the train ID, price, and travel time please?|The train ID is TR9589, price is 17.60 pounds, and travel time is 79 minutes. Shall I book it for you?
No that's okay. I am looking for a place to stay though, somewhere in the centre and with free parking preferably.|There are 2 hotels and 2 guest houses in the centre which do you prefer?
The one with 1 star, please.|Unfortunately, none of them are 1 star rated. I have one that is 0 stars, a 3 star one, and two 4 star ones.
Are there any 0 star accomidations?|The El Shaddai has 0 stars.
Is that a hotel or guesthouse?  If a guesthouse I'd like to book for 2 people for 1 night on Friday.  Thank you.|Yes, it is a guesthouse. May I go ahead and book that for you?
Yes book it for me please.|Booking system seems to be down at the moment. Should I try some place else, or would you like to try back in a little while?
No, I actually wasn't ready to book anyway.  Thanks so much for your help.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|I apologize for the inconvenience. Please check back in a few to book. Have a good day.
Can you assist me with the address and Phone number of ask restaurant in Cambridge. I need to try it when I Cambridge, its a local restaurant.|I would be happy to help. Ask is located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223364917. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people at 15:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1YGHGSPT.
Thank you! Can you also provide me with information on a hotel called the Lovell Lodge?|Lovell lodge is 2 star hotel in the moderate price range, located in the North. It has free parking and wifi.
That will work.  Can you give me the address?|The address is 365 milton road. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|There are several taxi's,what will your destination be ?
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free wifi|Sure, we have many. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
I want a guesthouse, but don't really care what area it is in.|Okay, there are 9 cheap guesthouses. Do you prefer it to have free parking?
Don't particularly care about parking but if you can narrow it down to just the 4 star ones I would appreciate it.|May I suggest the 4 star, cheap range guesthouse called Finches Bed and Breakfast at 144 Thornton Road, CB30ND.  May I make a reservation?
I guess that would be okay|OK, if you would like me to book a room, I'll need the number of people, the number of nights you're staying, and your arrival day.
I don't need you to book it. Can you just provide me with the address and area.|Finches is in the west, at 144 thornton road. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you for your help.|Glad I could help. Let us know if you need help in the future. Have a great day!!
I sure will and you have a great day too.|Glad to help! Have a lovely day.
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.|I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse? I need free parking.|I found 21 results. What side of town would you like?
I would prefer the north side of town please.|There are quite a lot of them in that area.  Do you have a price range in mind, or a particular star rating you'd like me to look for?
Not really. I just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Sunday.|Unfortunately, booking within your criteria was unsuccessful at all hotels. Could you change your number of days?
Would you try 1 night for 6 people on Sunday, please?|I have you booked at acorn guest house. Reference number is: IDAIIS1T.
Brilliant! Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been most helpful. Thanks, again.|You are very welcome, thank you and have a nice stay.
I am looking for information and would appreciate the help.  Can you help with a train?|I can give you all kinds of information as well as book a ticket.  Where are you going and when?
I want to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.|Where will you leave from?
I will be leaving from ely.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 08:45|How many tickets please
I would need 2 tickets.|Train TR9741 arrives at 07:52 and I have booked you for 2,here is your information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U44P6DQP.
Can you also look up the hotel Carolina Bed and breakfast?|Sure thing, what kind of information do you need?
I want you to book it for 5 nights, starting wednesday. 2 people.|Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is 2VD26230. Anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye!|Have a great stay in town.  Goodbye.
I need to get to cambridge after 19:30|There are more than 300 trains that arrive in cambridge after 19:30.  What day were you looking to travel and from where?
I'd be leaving from London Liverpool Street on Saturday.|Yes I have a train leaving from Liverpool Street that will arrive in Cambridge at 19:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
How long is the travel time, and what is the price for that train please?|Sure, the travel time is 88 minutes, and the price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book it, if so how many riders will there be?
No that's OK, I'll book it later if I need to. Can you tell me anything about a lodging place named "A and B" something?|Sure. It's called a and b guesthouse, found on 124 tension road and is in the moderate price range.
I'd like to go ahead and book that for 1 person, 4 nights starting on Saturday night. I will need the reference number once it's made.|You have been successfully booked and the reference number is L1M02MWF.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, indeed. That will be all. Thank you.|You are welcome. Have a very nice day.
I am looking for a museum on the east side.|Yes, there are 4 museums available. Three of them are free.
Can I get the address to one?|Sure, the cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road. Is there anything else you need?
Could you give me the postcode, too?|The postcode is cb13ef.  It is a great museum.
Thank you, can't wait to go! Can you help me with one more thing? I need to find a guesthouse for us in the north.|There are several, all are in the moderate price range.  Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. I won't be needing free parking.|Okay I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like their information?
Please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|Acorn Guest House will be expecting the 8 of you to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VXH2CWOR. Is there anything else?
Awsome! I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 19:00.|Where will you be leaving from and what is the destination?
I'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 19:00 please.|I have booked you a taxi. A yellow Tesla will arrive to pick you up by 19:00. The contact number is 07384178468. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your holiday in Cambridge.
I need a guesthouse with a moderate price.|Do you have a preferred area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd like the guesthouse to have free parking though!|I found acorn guest house. It is moderately priced and has four stars! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please create a booking for 6 people. It needs to be for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|Of course! You're all set, with reference number WZRKRXGZ. May I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all!  Thank you for your help!|Okay.  Glad we could help!
I'd like to find some information about the Allenbell hotel.|Absolutely! The Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It has 4 stars and is relatively cheap. They offer their guests free wifi and parking. Would you like any other info?
Perfect! Can you book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday?|Your booking is successful! Your reference number is VLS0WVD3.
Great! That works out perfect. That's all for today. Thanks a lot. Bye!|You're very welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is ask.  Can you tell me about it?|Yes sure. their address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre and their telephone number and postcode are 01223364917 and cb21uf respectively. Is there anything else you need to know?
What side of town are they in?|Ask is located in the city centre.
Great, thanks. Can I also get some information on Hobsons House hotel?|Sure thing it is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Could you provide me with their phone number and star rating please?|The phone number is 01223304906 and the stars is 3
Thank you. I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. It needs to leave the hotel by 20:00.|Okay. We have you booked with a car that's a grey Skoda. The contact number is 07764280286.
That is all I need. Thank you so much for your help.|Yeah any time let us know if you need anything else.
Okay great. Bye now!|Sorry I forgot to hang up. Good bye now.
Hi! I am looking for a turkish food restaurant around the centre.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer expensive or moderate price range?
Moderate price range would be fine. Could you pick the shortest name and tell me the address?|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you!  I am also looking for a 5 star hotel.|There are no 5 star hotels, do you want to choose something else
Yes, can you find a place for me with free wifi in the moderate price range?|What other star option would you like ?
How about a 4 star rating?|I don't have a 4 star in the moderate price range. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
You don't have any 4 stars in the moderate price range in any area?|No I'm sorry we don't have anything matching those criteria.
There are literally no 4 star accommodations of any kind with moderate price and wifi in all of Cambridge? I find that very hard to believe!|Sorry, you are right. We actually have 11 to choose from.
I would like to book one starting Friday.|I have begun a booking for you at Avalon. How many days will you be staying?
I will arrive Friday and be there for 2 nights.|And how many people will be staying?
It will be for 3 people and2 nights.|You are set, the reference number is YQBMMCJ6, any other questions?
No I think that is all, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.
i need  a place to stay|OK, I can definitely help you with that! Can you give me some specifics as to your requirements?
I want to stay in the North area of town.|What other requirements do you have?
A cheap place with 4 stars.|There is one place that meets your criteria. It is the Worth House which is a guesthouse in the North. Would you like to reserve a room?
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|You booking for Worth House was successful, your confirmation number is LYLN7Z6M.
Thanks! I'd also like to find something fun to do in the same area as the hotel. What's around there?|There are two swimming pools, a park, and a boat attraction on that side of town. Which of these sound good to you?
Tell me about the boat attraction.|well riverboat georgina is in the north
Sounds good. Is there an entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I do not have that information. But if you need to reach them, please call 01223902091.
what about the park, is it free admission?|There is no admission fee for the park.  Can I help you with anything else?
no that will be all I think thanks for your help|Do you need me to look up any more info about anything else for your stay?
The guesthouse is booked and I have two attractions to visit. That's all I need for now. Thanks, again.|Thank you. Hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for ALexeander b&b.|Alexander bed and breakfast	is a guesthouse in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
That location is perfect. Can you book it for me for 2 nights starting with Thursday. It would be for 5 people.|Unfortunately, that hotel isn't available during that time. Is there another hotel you would like to book?
No,lets try for next Friday ?|I'm sorry, the hotel is not available next Friday. Would you like to try another date or another property?
Another hotel then, same price range.|I was able to book El Shaddai, reference number is E79RSOWR
Thank you so much!|Your welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?|I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?|It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?|What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.|The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?|They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.|TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Is there a train that leaves after 08:15 on wednesday?|What is your destination station?
I'm going from Leicester to Cambridge.|TR1672 departs at 09:09 and arrives by 10:54. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book it.|Will I be booking just one seat or do you require multiple seats on the train?
Just 1 seat. I'll need the price.|It costs 37.80 pounds. If that's acceptable to you, I'll go ahead and book it for you.
No, that won't be necessary. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|sure, do you know what you're looking for?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and in the North. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Yes, I'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.|Your hotel booking was successful. Your reference number for your 3 night stay for 7 people is QF2DZGMA.
Great, thanks! I don't need anything else. Take care. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the type of hotel|I found the cityroomz hotel in the centre part of town.  Would you like to book a room?
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|Cityroomz has free wifi and does not offer free parking. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes.book for six people and six nights. remember to also give me the reference number|What day would you like the reservation to start?
it needs to start on wednesday, please.|Sorry, I was unable to complete the booking. Would you like to try booking for a shorter stay or for another day?
How about for 5 nights?|your booking was successful. is there anything else i can help you with?
Actually I need the reservation to be for 4 nights, 6 people, starting from wednesday. Could you change the reservation for me please?|No problem, I was able to book that for you and your reference number is VA5JADCK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that is everything, thanks!|You're welcome. Have a pleasant stay. Goodbye.
Saturday train from Norwich please.|The train from Norwich to Cambridge is about 45 minutes.  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Yes please. I would like to arrive by 14:00.|The best response I have to that is a train arriving at 13:35. Would you like me to book that option for you?
Yes, for 7 people please.|You have been successfully booked for 7 people on Train TR2334, Reference number 01MDBEIB. It departs Norwich at 12:16. Your total cost is 98.56 and is payable at the station.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel with a star of 4 of course that will include free parking.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Before you book, the hotel has to be in the north, also. Do you have a hotel meeting my needs?|The Cambridge Belfry is perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book that for the same group of people for 4 nights the same day. Wednesday would work also, and I need the reference number.|Unfortunately, I can't book either days for you.
Is there any other hotels that would work in that area that are 4 star?|I don't have any hotels in that area that are 4 star. I do have several guesthouses. Would that work for you?
No, I would really like a 4-star hotel in the north area with free parking. Can you please check again?|Sorry, there are only guesthouses.
I guess we will take a guesthouse then.  Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the acorn guest out. Shall I book that then.
Yes for 4 nights same group of people as the restaurant reservation and also on the same day please.|Great, I have booked you for acorn guest house. Your reference number is O2JPQNG5.
Thank you very much.  That's all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay
Can you help me locate a place to eat tonight?|What price range and in what area?
I am looking for something expensive in the west please.|Your cuisine options are: British, European, Indian, and Thai.
I'm sorry, make that the centre of town. A Thai restaurant would be fine.|I found Bangkok City.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes I would like a table for 4 people at 16:00 on Saturday.|Reference number is : FJVATJEE. Is there anything else?
I am looking for an expensive place in the centre area with free wifi?|I have two options. The Gonville Hotel which has three stars, and the University Arms Hotel which has four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you. What is the University Arms Hotel's postcode?|its postcode is cb21ad. is that all?
What type of hotel is the University Arms?|It's a 4 star hotel. In the centre and expensive as you requested.
I would like to book a taxi that can commute to both places, It would need to arrive by the booked time. Please provide contact and the car type.|So, to clarify, you want a taxi from the University Arms to Bangkok City at 16:00, correct?
Yes, thank you.|Done! You'll be picked up in a yellow Tesla, and the contact number is 07044662222. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train leaving on sunday going to cambridge.|where are you departing from?
I want to depart from London Liverpool Street after 15:00.|There is a train leaving on that date from london liverpool to cambridge at 15:39, arrive at 17:07 with a price of 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book?
No, I will book it myself later. Thanks, that's all I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Thanks calling in today.  Goodbye.
Can you find me a moderately priced hotel?|Sure, there are 3 moderately priced hotels. Would you prefer to stay in the north or centre?
I don't mind which area but I need free parking and somewhere with 2 stars if possible.|There are two hotels with free parking and a 2-star rating.
Could you find out if either is available for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday? I have no preference which one you pick.|I have booked you at the Ashley Hotel in the north area. Your reference number is 970JE5ZN. Do you need any additional information about this location or any additional help today?
No, that is all. Thanks.|Okay. I am glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Is there a specific price range your looking for?
It should have a moderate price and I don't care about free parking.|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Do you need need free internet?
I don't need it but do they offer it? Also, can you provide me with the address.|There are 8 that include free wifi with a room. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I would like the address.|Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant that is in the same area as the hotel.|There are 5 restaurants in the same area, are you looking for a specific type of food or price range?
North Indian, please, and moderately priced.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything serving north indian food. Is there another cuisine type I can find for you?
How about Indian food by itself?|There is the nirala that serves indian food would you like me to book that?
Yes please and may I have the address and phone number. I would also like to book a taxi to get to the restaurant.|Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. I need a little more information to book a reservation. How many in your party and did you have a time in mind?
I don't need to book the restaurant.  I do need a taxi to pick me up from the restaurant and take me back to the hotel though.|I need to know what time you need the taxi at?
I need to leave the restaurant by 17:45.|I was able to book a yellow volkswagen, phone number is 07242504396.
Thank you, that will be all for me this time.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap asian oriental restaurant.|There are 5 Asian Oriental restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
Is there one in the centre?|Yes, 4 of them are in the Centre of town. Two of them are cheap, one moderate, and one expensively priced. Would you like to book one of them?
Can you select one of the restaurants with the cheap price range in the center of town?|The dojo noodle house would be an option for you
book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K77JVT2U.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|There are two guesthouses and three hotels in the centre of town. Perhaps we can narrow it down by price range.
Same price range as the restaurant please|I recommend alexander bed and breakfast, would you like more information or a booking.
Is it a 4-star guesthouse?|yes it is 4 star
Great, I need a room for 4 and 3 nights starting from Friday.|What area would you like to be in?
I would like it to be in the centre of town.|Done! Your reference number is 8F3G9DY8. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|I am glad I could be of service.  Have a great day.
HI, can you help me find a hotel on the north side of town please?|Sure!  There are two hotels on the north side of town: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
Do either of them have 2 stars?|They do both have two stars yes.
Can I get the postcode of one you'd recommend?|I would recommend the Lovell Lodge. Their postcode is cb41sr. Would you like more information or may I book a room for you?
Can you also tell me about some theatres in town?|There is adc theatre in the post code cb58as on park street. There are 4 others in Cambridge.
Thank you.  That's all I needed to know.|Excellent. Have a good day!
I need a moderately priced guest house.|There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you have any specific needs, such as area, or internet access, or parking? What star rating would you prefer?
Yes I want free wifi and the rating should have 4 stars.|Acorn house is on the north side, has a 4-star rating and is in the moderate price range. They have free WIFI. What dates do you need?
I need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have a room available. Would you like me to try a different one?
yes, please try a different hotel in the same price range.|I have successfully booked you a room for 1 person and 4 nights starting on Wednesday at the archway house. They are located at 52 gilbert road.
Can you give me a reference number to check in with?|Reference number is 4D968P9B.
Thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.
Thank you I'm sure I will.|Great thank you.
Are there any guesthouses in the east?|There are six guesthouses in the east. Do you have a preference on price?
It needs to be cheap.|I have 3 options for you. All of them are 4 star rated and all offer free parking and free internet. Might I suggest the Leverton House.
Can I have the address for Leverton House?|that address is 732-734 newmarket road. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Do they have internet and free parking?|Yes they have internet and free parking.
That will work can you book that for me?|Sure, what day will you be arriving?
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the north part of town.|There are several options with your criteria.
The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the expensive price range.|There are no guesthouses with those criteria. Would you like to look in a different part of town?
i didn't mention a specific part of town.|I am sorry but there are no accommodations that meet your criteria.  Would you be willing to try a top rated but less expensive hotel?
Ok, how about one in the cheap price range in the north with free parking?|How about the Worth House, it fits those requests and has a 4 star rating.
Sounds good. I'll need rooms for 3 people, for 2 nights.|Okay, what day would you like your stay to begin?
We're arriving on Thursday.|I apologize, i was unable to complete your booking. Is there another day for arrival, or possibly a shorter stay?
Are there any other cheap guesthouses in the north with free parking? My schedule is inflexible I'm afraid.|There is, but booking was unsuccessful at the city centre north b and b as well.
Is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on Thursday for 2 nights?  I still need free parking.|I am sorry your booking is still unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Are there any guest house available for my requested days?|Sorry, I tried to book a stay for 2 guests earlier. You're staying at the City Centre North B and B, reference number 28UEK6JH!
Great! Now I need a train to go to birmingham new street after 10:15 on Saturday.|There is a train to birmingham new street that leaves at 11:01 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, can you please just give me the time, price, and train ID number?|TR5669 is the one that leaves at 11:01.  The tickets are 60.08 pounds each and the trip is 163 minutes.  Anything else?
Sure, you can book that train now -- just for me, please.|Great it's been booked the reference number is DR5MNOOS
Okay great that is all I needed.|Thank you for calling!
Please locate me a guesthouse with 4 star rating in Cambridge.|I have many what area would you like it to be in?
I am not particular about area but I need it to include free parking.|Is cost important to you?
No, as long as it has the amenities and stars that I asked for.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a guesthouse in the center with 4 stars and has free internet and parking.
I think I like it, please book me room for two people for three nights and get me confirmation number.|No problem, I just need the first day that you will be staying.
Oppss sorry, I thought I had given it to you. We'll be checking in on Monday|Your room for two people for three nights on Monday was booked successfully. Your reference number is CW9SXT27. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a restaurant reservation.|Sure, what type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need something moderately priced in the centre. What would you recommend?|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
I am open to suggestions. I need a booking for 1 at 12:30 on Monday. Can I get a reference number?|I reserved a table at Cotto, you reference # is BBARW8R2, anything else today?
that is it for today. have a nice day|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in Cambridge?|There are three 4-star hotels. What area would you prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the west part of town.|There are two choices, one is in the expensive price range, the other in the cheap price range. Which one is preferable to you?
I don't have a preference.|How does the huntingdon marriott hotel sound to you? May I book you there?
Is this the expensive or cheap price range option? How much does it cost per night?|They are in the expensive price range.
Ok. I'd like the address, please.|The huntingdon marriott hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.  Would you like to book a room?
Not at this time, but I would like to find a place to eat. Ideally an expensive German restaurant in the same area.|Unfortunately, no such restaurant exists. Would you like to look in a different area, price range, or cuisine type?
How about one that serves British food|There are two places Graffiti and Travellers Rest which would you like to try?
Graffiti sounds good. May I have their phone number, address, and postcode, please?|The address, phone number and post code for Graffiti are Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, 01223277977, cb30lx.
I'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 11:30.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from Graffiti to Huntingdon Marriot Hotel at 11:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the phone number of the taxi service and what car type will I be looking for?|number is 07435240506, and it is a black audi.
Great, you have been very helpful, that's all I need for now.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I'd like a train leaving Cambridge after 09:30, please.|Can you tell me where you are looking to go to?
i am going to norwich on tuesday|I have one that leaves cambridge at 9:36 and arrives in norwich at 10:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, no I will book it later but can I please get the price of the ticket and the travel time?|The price for one ticket is 17.6 GBP which is payable at the station and it's a 79 minute ride.
Fantastic.  Where could I stay that has 0 stars?|Cityroomz has 0 star rating, would you like to stay there?
Is it in the moderate price range ? And in centre of town .|Yes this hotel fits both those criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary, I will just need their address and phone number please.|Sure, their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.|It's been a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hello I am new to Cambridge and was wondering about good 4 star hotels with free wifi. Any suggestions?|Alexander bed and breakfast	looks good, would you like to try that?
I need it to be in the north area, is Alexander bed and breakfast located there?|No, but the Acorn Guest House is in the north. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please! I'd like a room for 6 people. We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 4 nights.|I have you booked at the Acorn Guesthouse, six people for four nights.  Your confirmation is GLVBZVYO
I would also like to eat some Chinese food near the hotel.|How does the Golden wok sound? It is close to that area.
Sure, can you book it for 6 people on friday at 17:15 please? And then give me the reference number|Successfully booked. Your reference number is XZZTYRWB. What else would you like help with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
Thanks so much, goodbye!|Best wishes for an enjoyable stay from the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|There are quite a few different options you can choose from. Is there any particular type of food you are in the mood for?
No, just somewhere I can get in on Friday, 11:45.|Golden House on 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre has Chinese cuisine and their price range is considered cheap. Would this be a suitable choice or would you like other options?
This works. Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:45 on Friday?|Unfortunately they are currently booked for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
What about an hour earlier?|I have reserved you a table for 8 at 10:45 on friday your reference number is 6R8D8J8P
Thank you. I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay at as well, are there any 4 star accommodations like that?|Alexander b &b would suit you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book me the room for Friday.|Unfortunately they do not have any rooms available on Friday. Would you like to try another guest house?
Is there another 4 star guest house we can try?|You didn't mention how many people and for how many nights you will need a room for, can I have the information?
I need the hotel for 3 nights and for 8 people.|Luck is with us tonight! I was able to book the Alexander on Friday for 3 nights and 8 people. The reference number is ZDT7PP0G. Would you like anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the hotel. Could you book one for me?|Sure, I can do that.  Can you give me the time frame for the taxi?
I'd like to get from the hotel to the restaurant by 10:45.|Got you booked- black skoda phone 07407455573.  Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all I needed today, thank you.|Great! Let us know if you need anything else.
Hi.  I a looking for a cheap place to stay.  What can you recommend for me?|There is 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for type or area?
I would like something in the east of the city, I don't care about internet|How about Autumn House? It's cheap and in the East.
That sounds good, Thank you|Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes. I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, the reservation was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Sure, can you try just 2 nights, please?|Okay, I've made you a reservation at the autumn house. Your reference number is HCQFAEJ3. Can I do anything else for you today?
No that would be all.|Okay, thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need a hotel or guest house in Cambridge please.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I need a cheap hotel in the North side that has free parking and internet if available but not necessary.|I have no listings,can i check in another area?
What about one with free wifi?|Actually, since you said you did not mind a guesthouse earlier, I have something.  Worth House fits your criteria.
Great.  Can I book that for three nights starting Monday for three people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KPZGSMAA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. That is all that I need today. Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a hotel the next town over.|I can surely help with that.  Which part of town are you specifically looking for?
I don't care which part of town it is. I just want a cheap place with free wifi.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre with 4 stars in the cheap price range, and has free wifi.  Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please do and send me the reference number.|What day would you like me book and how many days will you be staying?
I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on friday please.|You are all set with the booking, the reference number is B8R0DO3L, can I help with anything else?
Can you also provide the address to an attraction in the town centre?|Castle Galleries is a lovely museum in the town centre. The address for the attraction is unit su43, grande arcade, Aaint Andrews Street.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the attraction by 21:30. Send me the contact number and car type please.|Sure, can you tell me your destination just so I can be sure to send it to the right place?
My destination will be going from the Castle Galleries and going back to the Alexander bed and breakfast|I've booked a blue tesla, which you can reach at 07827647450. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|Have a great time.
I was wondering if you could help me with the train schedule.|Of course. Where would you like to travel?
I need to travel from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Monday.|I can help you with that.  Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
Yes no later than 5:15 I have to be there by 20:20.|The earliest I have is 05:24. Will that work?
I am sorry I meant to leave after 15:15 so that will be fine.|I have TR1188 leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Absolutely! How many tickets do you need?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need the tickets right now. Can you find me a moderately priced 4 star hotel, though?|We have 4 star hotels in the cheap and expensive price range, could I interest you in one of those?
Please book me a room for 4 the same day at a cheap  one you recommend. Thanks|Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
No, as long as the hotel itself is a 4 star establishment I'm not too concerned about where it's located.|How many nights would you like to stay?
4 nights please starting on monday.|OK, I've booked 4 people at The Cambridge Belfry for 4 nights starting Monday, the reference number is WZ83NOII. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thanks.|Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and need lodging.  We're looking for a guesthouse which has all amenities etc.  Price is no problem.|I can help you find a nice place to stay.  First, did you have a particular area of town you were interested in?
I would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive guesthouse if one is available.|There are no expensively priced guesthouses in that area, but there are 2 moderately priced ones and 3 cheap ones. Would one of those suit you?
Can you suggest one of the cheap ones?|I can recommend autumn house at 710 Newmarket Rd. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. For one person for 5 nights starting from thursday.|Booked! Reference number: WQL1WG7F.
Thank you! I also need a train that arrives by 08:45|Sure! Where will you be departing from? Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I'd like to leave from Stevenage and go to Cambridge, it should arrive by 8:45 on the same day as my hotel booking.|I have train TR1044 leaving stevenage at 7:54 and arriving in cambridge 8:43. Would you like me to book that?
No, I'm not sure I need the train yet. Thanks for the info!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your time!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks.  I will definitely use your service again.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling.  Good bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|OK, and how can I help you?
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge.|Any particular location or price range?
Yes I would like to stay in an expensive hotel in the city center.|University Arms is available.
What's their address and star rating? And do they have free parking?|University Arms Hotel Star rating is 4. Should i go ahead and book that for you?
no, thanks. does it have free parking and what's the address|They do have parking. They are on Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train for 6 people departing at Cambridge and arriving at Stevenage at 10:30.|What day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on a Monday please.|Let me find one for you.
Excellent, thanks.|I found you the TR8290 that leaves at 09:21 on monday arriving at 10:10. Would you like to book this one?
I need it to arrive at 10:30 actually.|That is the closest train we have to 10:30
arriving at 10:10 is fine.can i get six tickets?|Your train is booked.  Total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number: L9XGQW87
Great, thank you! I won't be needing anything else! Bye!|Have a wonderful time in town. I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town|I'm sorry, but there aren't any places that meet those qualifications.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about an expensive hotel in the south side of town?|There is one option, it is The Lensfield Hotel. Do you want me to reserve any rooms for you?
Does it offer free wifi?|Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have free wifi.
How about free parking, does it have that as well?|Yes it also has free parking. Anything else today?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from monday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 81E1ITXC. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that is all I need. Thank you for your time.|we appreciate you using our services. have a good day.
I am looking for a cheap room in a guest house.|The allenbell fits that criteria. Would you like some more info?
Not right now, I also need a train going to Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday and leave after 19:15|To or from Cambridge/Norwich?
I'm departing from Cambridge heading to Norwich. I'll need it booked for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : H829GED4. what else can i do for you?
am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet|are you looking for something other than the allenbell we discussed earlier?
Could you look up a hotel based on what I ask? North area, 4 stars...please.|There are no places available in that area. Is there a different area that you would prefer?
Are there any that has free wifi?|Yes. The Worth House meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need it for 3 people, 3 nights, and we will be arriving on Sunday.|Alright, I have booked the worth house for 3 people for 3 nights starting sunday, your reference number is HVD2IBXM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, that is all that I need.|Do you need me to book any sort of travel?
No , thanks for the help!|alright, call me if you need anything.
I'm looking for a 3-star lodging with free wifi.|We have 5 locations with a 3 star rating that offer free wifi, do you prefer a particular area or price range?
I would like it to be in the west|The hobsons house is available in that area.
That sounds like it will work.  Can I book that for 3 nights starting Wednesday?|I've booked you a one person stay for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  Your reference number is: Q81KT0VN.
I also am looking for somewhere to get afternoon tea.|Would you be interested in a British restaurant then?
Let's try a Chinese restaurant instead.|There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you you looking for one in the west, like your hotel? Any price range in mind?
No I'm not too picky. You can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on wednesday at 15:45|Your booking at the Yu Garden on Wednesday at 15:45 for a party of 8 is confirmed. Your Reference number is : FPL31KWN. Can I help you wroth anything further?
That's all for today! Thanks a ton. Bye!|I hope you have a wonderful meal.
Hi, I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after 18:15.|Certainly! What are your departure and destination locations?
It should leave from Cambridge and go to Leicester please.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I do not have an arrival time.|The TR0776 leaves Cambridge at 18:21 and gets into Leicester at 20:06. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I would like to book it for 6 people please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is:  17I15NSK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the east location.|We have 6 different guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
No it doesn't matter.|carolina bed and breakfast	has free wifi and parking if you want to book there.
I am looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.|I'm sorry I have found no matches.
What about moderately priced 4 star lodging of any hotel type?|How about avalon? They're a guesthouse in the north.
Do they offer parking and wifi?|They do offer wifi but no parking.
Are there any that include both free parking and free wifi? The area doesn't matter.|The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse that has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just have the phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01223353888. May I assist you with anything else?
What area is that one in?|The Acorn Guest House is in the north. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything, thanks so much! Bye for now.|They are in in the north area.
ok, Thank you and good bye.|You are welcome, have a great day.
I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge|I have no hotels matching your request. Would you like to change your price range or star rating and try again?
Ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then.|The Cambridge Belfry has free parking and is in the cheap price range, would you like to book this hotel?
Is it in the moderate price range?|No, the hotel is within the cheap price range. Would you like me to alter the search?
I would like one in the moderate price range. I need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people.|I have found two hotels meeting your specifications in the moderate price range. Do you have any additional preferences?
No, I just need a room for 4 people. We'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel on Monday for 4 nights/4 guests. Your reference number is KFHQFY56. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant serving British food that is moderately priced.|I have five moderately priced restaurants serving British food. Do you have a preference for location? Four are in city center and one is west.
No preference. What would you recommend? And I'll need the address.|I like the copper kettle, it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That's OK, I'll handle that, but I'll need a taxi between the Ashley Hotel and the restaurant leaving by 17:30.|I was able to schedule taxi service for you at the time specified. You will be looking for a Blue Lexus. If you need to contact them, please call 07580951630.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!
I need information on the home from home hotel.|It is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Anything else today?
Thanks so much for your help. That's all.|You are so welcome! Have a lovely day!
I'm looking for a hotel that's in the north side of Cambridge and it needs to have a moderate price.|There are 11 places located in the North of Cambridge that are moderate price. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Either place and it doesn't matter if it has free parking or not.|I found 11 places.  Is there a certain star rating you're wanting to book?
The star rating does not matter, please book one for 2 people for 4 nights, checking in Saturday. I need a reference number please.|Okay your room is booked at the Acorn Guest House for Saturday. Reference number is 414S09IX. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant called curry king.|Curry King is an indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Please make a reservation for two people at 16:00 and I would like the reference number.|I booked that for you; your reference number is 5S1KPKTU. Is there anything else today?
No, that should be it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a hotel called warkworth house|Warkworth house is located at warkworth terrace cb11ee.
Do they have free internet?|Yes, they have free internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
No thanks. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains leaving cambridge on saturday.  Can you tell me your destination and what time you would like to leave.
I am going to London Liverpool Street, I would like to arrive by 17:00.|Okay! How about the train that leaves at 13:59?
That train would be just fine. I need the train ID, price and depart time.|The train ID is TR2895 and the departure time is 05:59. Would you like me to book the ticket?
No, I'll just need the price, please?|Sure, the cost of the ticket is 13.28 pounds per person. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need to find a 4 star hotel that has moderate price.|There are 11 possible choices. Do you have any additional preferences?
Yes I would like it to be on the North part of town.|There are quite a few guesthouses in that area.  Would a guesthouse meet your needs?
Yes a guesthouse would be fine. Does it have internet? And what is it's postcode?|Yes, the Acorn Guest House has internet.
Great, that's perfect. Thanks for your help!|And the postcode is cb41da if you still need that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all for now. Thank you.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a particular hotel in cambridge, but I cant remember what its called. Can you help me?|Well, I have 33 hotels in my database. Do you know what part of town it's in, or perhaps the price range?
Actually I am looking for a particular hotel called the hobsons house.|Ah, yes. Hobsons house. What information would you like about it?
I am wondering where it is located, what type of hotel, and how much it costs, please.|Sure, hobsons house is in the west area, address is 96 barton road, it is a guesthouse, I unfortunately do not have the price.
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for one that departs from Cambridge for Leicester. It should arrive by 18:00 and needs to leave on Sunday.|I have several trains that arrive before 18:00, is there a particular time you would like to leave by?
No, any one that arrives before 18:00 would be fine.|There is a train that leaves at 5:21 and arrives at 7:06. The price per ticket is 30.24. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. I think that's all I need today, thank you very much.|Will you be traveling alone for this trip? If not how many tickets will you be needing?
I do not need any tickets booked. Thank you for all of your help today. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 44 locations in the centre do you have a type of event you'd like?
No, just give me whatever. I'd like a postcode and phone number for the location please.|The man on the moon concert hall is located at 2 norfolk street postcode cb12lf. The phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd also like the place to include free parking and a 3 star rating|I'm not sure if the concert hall has free parking.  The phone number is 01223474144.  Would you like me to call and find out?
Yes please, also is it a 3 star rating? and is it in the same area as the attraction I mentioned before?|Are you looking for a hotel in the same area as the concert, or are you wondering if the concert has a 3 star rating? Just to clarify.
Sorry for the confusion. A hotel that is also in the centre, please. I would like it to have free parking and 3 stars.|the gonville hotel seems like the place for you
I'd like to book 5 nights, starting Saturday.|How many people will be staying?
This will be for 3 people please|Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that length of stay on Saturday. Would you like me to try a shorter stay or different day?
How about two nights?|The booking was successful. I have booked gonville hotel for 3 people for 2 days your reference number is : BA906BWG.
Fantastic. Thank you for all your help. That's all I needed.|Excellent. Thank you for getting in touch.
Can you give me some information on the Avalon Hotel?|I'd be happy to. The Avalon is a guesthouse located on the north side. It's moderately priced, has 4-stars and offers free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Not at the moment, can I have their phone number?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223353071. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that covers it.  Thanks!|Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
I feel like going to a nightclub.|Okay, the Soul Tree Nightclub is a popular one. Would you like the address or phone number?
i will really apreciate.|it is located in 1-6 exchange street. call them on 01223477900
What is the entrance fee? Is it in the west part of town?|The cover charge is only 4, and I show a DJ Squalour from Ibiza doing a show there tonight.
Is there a way you can get me a ticket?|They do not have an advanced booking system, but I can get you their number if you want to call their box office.
Yes, please provide the number.|01223477900. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel. Preferably a 4 star one with free parking.|There are 2 hotels that meet those specification in the West and one in the Centre.  Which area would you prefer?
I would like to book the one that is in the west please.|There are two hotels in the west. I recommend the cambridge belfry. How many people will be staying, and how many nights, and what day will you arrive?
It will be 3 people for one night.|What day would you like the reservations to begin?
Starting on Monday please.|Booking complete. Reference number is VY2L76MY.
No that is all I needed for the night thank you.|Thank you and have a wonderful time here in our city of Cambridge!
I need to find a hotel with free wifi to stay at. Can you help me?|I sure can.  Are there any other requirements you'd like to include in your search?
I would like a 1 star hotel.|I am sorry but could not find a 1 star hotel with your needs.  If there is anything else I can help you with let me know, thaks.
ok, try a 4 star hotel.|There are several 4 star hotels. Do you have a particular area in mind?
The area doesn't matter. If you could give me the name, phone number and address of a 4 store hotel; that would be fine.|I recommend the acorn guesthouse it's located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you recommend a college I could visit while I am there?|we have quite a few, clare hall is one of my favorite's
That sounds good. Can I get their phone number and address please?|The phone I have listed is 01223332360. Can I hlep with anything else today?
Um, how about the address too please?|Clare Hall address is herschel road in west area, postal code cb39al. I hope this helps today.
Yes, I am trying to find a hotel by the name of allenbell. Can you help me?|I've located Allenbell Guesthouse. It's in the east at address 517a coldham lane postcode cb13js. The contact number is 01223210353. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I would like to book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.|Your booking is confirmed, 8 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday at the Allenbell. Booking reference is YLPAOS85. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you. Thanks for your help.|Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel that can offer me both free wifi and free parking.|There are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred location in the city so we can narrow down your choices?
The location does not matter but I need a 3 star hotel.|bridge guest house is a 3 star and a nice place.Do you want the address ?
I'm looking to book a train that will depart out of Cambridge.  Can you give me information about trains that leave Cambridge and arrive in Norwich?|Of course. There is a train leaving Friday at 5:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives by 06:55 would that be okay to book for you?
No I need one that arrives at 16:15.|I'm afraid 06:55 is the earliest I could find.
What?  16:15 is later that 6:55.  Are you saying you have nothing arriving in almost 10 hours after 6:55?|TR2534 arrives that time. can i book for you?
TR2534 arrives at what time?|Sorry, there was a miscommunication earlier. TR8314 is your best bet. It will arrive in Norwich at 15:55 on Friday.
Yes I would like this train booked. I need ticket for 4 people. I also need the reference number please.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee due at the station is 70.4 GBP. The reference number is 8RU6MZ5J.
Okay thanks. Can you also help me find somewhere to stay? I'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 3 star rating.|I have 3 star guesthouses in the north. One has free wifi and parking while the other has neither. Which one would you prefer?
The one with wifi will work. I need to book it for Friday, 5 nights, 4 people.|No problem.  I have the rooms booked for you.  What else can I do?
Reference number please, come on, this is taking too long.  And I didn't even get the hotel name from you, is there a manager?|I apologize. You're booked at the Hamilton Lodge and your Reference number is : UC7W5EFU. Can I assist you with anything else?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I need to find entertainment in the centre.|There are currently no entertainment locations in the centre of town.
Hm. Okay. well how about a boat attraction?|I'd recommend scudamores punting co on granta place, mill lane, cb21rs. Their phone number is 01223359750. Will that be all?
No, I think that will be it. Cheers.|Enjoy your boat ride, Thank you and have a great day!
I will. After the boat ride I'll need a place to put my head down so please find me a moderately priced hotel|There are 18 hotels that fall withing that range, any other preferences to narrow the search?
Someplace on the north side of town, please.|Any other preferences to narrow the search?
Actually, whatever you have would be great. I'm not picky. But I will need to reserve a room for Sunday.|I would suggest Acorn Guest House, it is rated 4 starts and has free parking and internet. How many people will be staying in the room?
i need a hotel, not a guesthouse|Okay, I found the Ashley Hotel rated 4 stars and the Lovell Lodge rated 2 stars. Both are priced moderate and both have wifi and parking. Which do you prefer?
Ashley Hotel please. I need a booking for six people, for 3 nights, starting sunday.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is MT3IXJAR. Do you need anything else?
No. That will be all thank you.|Great, feel free to contact us if you need assistance with anything else. Have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|It is located in the north at  63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?|What ever day you want.
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.|Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.|I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.|When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?
We want to arrive on Friday and stay 4 nights.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is J6QGGJ3. Enjoy your stay!
Thanks! I also need a train for Tuesday.|What is your destination and your departure?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.|what time is convenient for you?
I would like to leave after 09:15. I'd like the travel time, ID and price please|I have train TR2643 leaving at 15:00 arriving at 15:51 travel time 51 minutes with a price of 23.60 pounds.
Thank you for everything, that is all I need.|I'm glad that I could be of assistance today. Good-bye.
I am looking for a moderately price British restaurant.|I found 5 moderately priced British restaurants.  Would you prefer the center or west part of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre.|I have found The Oak Bistro. It is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at 14:30 on saturday? I'll need the reference number.|I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is WAU3QQKF.
Can you hold the reservation for 30 minutes instead?|I'm sorry our system doesn't offer that choice, would you like the phone number?
No that's okay but I am looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant can you please help?|There are five hotels in the center of town that range from cheap to expensive. What kind of place are you looking for?
I am looking for an expensive hotel.|There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville and University Arms. Which would you prefer?
I am actually looking for a moderately priced hotel and I will need free wifi.|Cityroomz is the only hotel that fits that description, would this work for you?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book for 4 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please.|Ok, all booked, your reference number is M6OWA41B.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi  to to from the hotel to the restaurant.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from your hotel to your restaurant. It will get you there before your reservation time.
One last thing. May I have their contact number and car type please?|The contact number is 07171167823 and it is a yellow ford. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was it. Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.
I want some information on the university arms hotel please|The university arms hotel is an expensive hotel in the centre with internet and parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes. I need rooms for 5 people for 5 nights, starting wednesday.|Unfortunately, the hotel is unavailable at that time. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Are there any listings for a moderately priced hotel in that area?|a and b guest house is moderately priceed.Would you like me to book you ?
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel to stay at.  Free parking is not necessary.|Okay I can help you with that. There are many options to choose from. What is your price range?
I would prefer to keep it in the moderate price range and I really need free WiFi as well, please.|I have several indifferent areas of town.  Do you have a location preference?
No, not really. Just needs to be in the moderate price range.|I'd recommend the avalon hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would. Can you book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting Saturday?|I successfully booked a room for 2 at the Avalon for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is D5ZO6ZH1
I am also looking for a resturant called Nandos City centre. Can you make a reservation there for 2 people at 17:00 on Saturday?|Sure. Your reference number is 6F6ZHY2Z. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need to arrive by my reservation time.|Here is a number for a reliable taxi
I'm looking for a train leaving stansted airport on tuesday.|What is your destination and what time would you like to depart from stansted airport?
I am going to Cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to Cambridge by 13:30 Tuesday.|OK, the TR4117 arrives at 12:52. Would you like to book that train?
Not yet but I do need a price and travel time.|TR4117 is 10.10 pounds per ticket and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.  You would leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52.
Thank you!  I'm also looking for a hotel named the Allenbell.  Can you help me with that?|The allenbell is a guesthouse located in the east. It is a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.
Thanks so much, Can you book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting from the same day?|I have made your reservation for Tuesday, with reference #OV9QI79D. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all. Thanks.|Thanks for using the help desk!
I'm needing a place to stay that is in the centre of town.|I have several options for you in the center of town. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't care about the price range, but I need free parking, please.|I have narrowed it down to 4 options. I have 2 cheaper ones that are guesthouses, and 2 expensive hotels. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer a hotel with 4 stars please, are either of those 4 stars with free parking? And also do either have free wifi?|You might be interested in the University Arms Hotel.  Should I book you a room?
I don't want to book it right now. Can I get the phone number and postcode, please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. May I help you with anything else?
Just to verify, the University Arms offers free WiFi and free parking?|Indeed, they do!
Great! That is wonderful! Have a great day!|I hope you have a wonderful day as well.
Help! I am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the centre.|The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre . Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm actually looking for some italian food.|Zizzi cambridge is cheap and serves Italian food.
And that's in the city centre? If so, can you make us a reservation? I need it for 6 people on Thursday.|Sure, what time would you like the booking?
I need that for 16:15 please.|Reference number is : RVOQBWKG.
Okay, I also need a hotel with wifi and parking.|Would you like a recommendation, or would you like to narrow the search first?
I also need a four star place please.|The allenbell is a lovely guesthouse in the east and it's cheap too!
Please book that for me for today thank you|Thank you I need a 4 star hotel as well
I only need to hotel information for now. Thank you for your help!|Are you sure there is nothing else?
That's it. I'll call you when I need something else. Thanks.|You are so welcome! Good bye.
Can you please help me find a guesthouse that offers free parking?|Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I don't care, just something in the moderate price range and 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. It is located in the North. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Would you give me the postcode?|Sure can. The post code is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I needed to know. Thanks so much! Take care!|You are welcome.  Have a great day.
I am looking for an Afghan restaurant in the expensive price range.|There are none in that range, perhaps something else?
Okay, how about mexican food?|Chiquito Restaurant Bar fits that criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at 18:30 on tuesday.|Unfortunately we can not book you for that date and time. Would you like to try another date or time perhaps?
How about 17:30 instead?|That's a better time, your reference number is IV21ENWM and the table will be held for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a place to stay with free wifi. The hotel should have a 0 star rating. Do you have anything like that?|Sure, there is one option. CityRoomz, shall I book a room for you?
Is that expensive?|It is in the moderate price range.  If you give me your date of arrival, number of guests, and length of stay, I can try to make a reservation for you.
I need one that is in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry there are no hotels in the expensive range with a 0-star rating, the lowest rating for that price range is a 2-star hotel.  Are you interested?
How about a 4 star expensive place to stay that includes free wifi? Can I have the postcode, hotel type, and address of one that meets that description?|There are 2 that fit that criteria. One is in the West and the other is in the Centre. Which is better for you?
I don't care about the area.  Can you pick one and give me the postcode, hotel type, and address please?|Try University Arms Hotel in Centre. It is close to alot since it is right there on Regent Street. Postcode is cb21ad. Anything more you need today?
No thank you, that's everything I need!|Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
While in Cambridge I need to find a restaurant called the rice boat.|Rice Boat is located at 37 Newnham Road in Newnham. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please, I need a table for 6 on Sunday at 17:45.|Wonderful. You're table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is JM6MM56Y.
I'm also looking for a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free wifi in the south.|I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Can you try in the north then?|I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Is there any moderately priced hotels in the city centre then? I need a hotel for the same group of people for 5 nights starting the same day.|Looks like there was an error in our system earlier. There are two moderately priced hotels in the north - The Ashley and The Lovell Lodge.
Could you try to book us there for 4 nights instead?|Yes, which of the two would you prefer? Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge?
The Lovell Lodge sounds nice. Please try for 5 nights but we can settle with 4 if we need to.|How many people is the hotel for and which day would you like to begin your trip on?
Oh sure, It's for 5 nights starting sunday for 6 people please.|I'm sorry there is nothing available on those days. Would you like to shorten your stay or try the other hotel?
Can you try the other hotel then?|I was not able to book that one either. Can we try a different day perhaps?
Can you try booking for 4 nights instead?|I was able to book the Lovell Lodge for 4 nights starting Sunday for six people. The reference number is XTY5KJI9.
Thank you very much! That was everything i needed. Take care and have a great day.|I'm happy to have helped you. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 11:30.|Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?|The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.|We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria.  Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks|I would recommend the lensfield hotel. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?|How many people should I book this for?  What day?  How many days will you be staying?
I am visiting in the northern area of town. I need to find me a place to stay for the night. Can you help?|There are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north. Do you have a preference as to type or other requirements?
I'd like it to have free parking and free wifi.|The arbury lodge guesthouse is the north area with free parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room here?
Is the Arbury Lodge moderately priced? If so, I would like to book a room for 1 person for 3 nights on Saturday.|The Arbury Lodge is unavailable for 3 nights on Saturday. Can you select another day or for fewer days?
Alright, can you try for just one night?|I was able to book you a room for 1 night at the guesthouse. The reference number is NEZYKV5E. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much for your help!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side with 4 stars.|The a and b guest house is a 4-star rated guesthouse in the east with a moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Does it include free wifi?|Yes it does have free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people? We will arrive on Friday and stay for 2 nights.|I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you be interested in another hotel?
Can you check for a different hotel in the same pricerange?|I am sorry there are no others in that price range in any area,would you like to change the star rating to check for others?
It does not need to be a guesthouse. Can't you find anything that is east, 4 star with free wifi. That is all I require. Please, its important.|I have the carolina bed and breakfast or warkworth house.  Would you like me to try one of those?
Yes, one of those will be fine.|Your booking at carolina bed and breakfast was successful. Your reference number is PGLREGJ8.
Great! Nothing else at the moment, but thank you and goodbye.|Okay glad I could be of help.
Good evening. I'm kind of in a situation. The hotel I had planned to stay was overbooked and I need to find me a room pretty quickly. Can you help?|There are many hotels available, do you have any preferences to price or area?
Not really. But it should be in the North.|There are two hotels on the north end, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guesthouse thats 4 star rated. Do either of those fit the bill?|No, I'm afraid they're both two stars.  Would you like to try one of them anyway?
Do they have free wifi at either of them?|Yes both have free internet. Which one do you prefer?
I would really like a four star guesthouse in the north area, I don't need parking.|Okay, I've found several place that meet those requirements. I suggest the Avalon. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
First could you tell me the price range for the Avalon?|The price range at the Avalon is moderate. Do you have any more questions?
Yes, can you confirm if the Avalon has Internet, please?|Yes they does, but no free parking though.
Cool. Thanks I'm good now. Goodbye.|You have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge|I can help you with that.  Do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
That does not matter but I would like it in the cheap price range.|There is a bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road by the name of Alexander, with free parking, internet and 4 star rated. All in a very cheap price.
That sounds perfect. That's all I needed for today, thanks.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge, have a great day!
I would like to find a pool as well.|There are 4 to choose from. Would you rather go to one located in the east, north, or centre?
Let's put the pool on hold. I forgot to ask you to book the Alexander for me. It is just me for two nights beginning Saturday.|I'd be happy to reserve your rooms for you. How many people will you be traveling with?
There is only me.|Your booking for Alexander bed and breakfast was successful. The reference number is F371FPBA. What else can I do for you?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 21:00 and take me to the hotel. I'll need car and contact info too.|We didnt pick out a pool yet, any preference in area?
Yes, I'd like in to be in the centre of town|I am sorry I need to know where you are going?
I would like a swimming pool at the centre of town.|Parkside pool is in the centre of town. The address is gonville place and the phone number is 01223445100.
Can I get some information on the arbury lodge guesthouse?|It is a guesethouse in the north part of town in the modrate price range and has a 4 star rating.
and what is the address?|Asbury Lodge Guesthouse 82 Asbury Road cb42je
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in the north that have to do with boating. Is there any place around there to go?|Yes I have four boat attractions 2 in the centre, one north, and one west.  What part of town would you like?
I would like that in the north please.|The Riverboat Georgina sounds like what you are looking for than. Would you like more information on this attraction?
Yes please. Could I get the address, postcode, and entrance fee?|They are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax postcode.  Fees vary by boat type and length of time rented, but you can call 01223902091 for that information.
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the boating place, I want to leave the hotel by 15:00|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volkswagen and their number is 07212731770.
Thank you so much!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I need a palce to stay that has free wifi but in the moderate price range.|There are 17 results. Can I narrow that down by a certain area?
Not really, but it should have 4 stars and be in a guesthouse.|I would recommend home from home, which is located in the north part of town at 78-80 milton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 3 people and 2 nights starting from Sunday.|Okay, I've booked your guesthouse for 2 days starting on Sunday. Your reference number is XYQCAGO8. Is there anything I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|you are most welome
I need directions to leverton house, a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?|Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you?
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.|Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday.|What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.|What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after 20:45. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am going off to college soon and want to visit a campus. Can you help me find one?|Sure we have 18, do you have an area preference?
In the centre please. Can I get their address, phone number, and entrance fee?|There are a few colleges in the centre. Do you know the name of the college or do you prefer free entrance fees?
No, please pick one. Provide me with the address, post code and entrance fee.|Okay, Downing College is on regent street. The post code is CB21dq. It's free.
Does it have free wifi?|Unfortunately, the colleges in town do not offer free wifi. They do offer free entrance though.
Can you help me find a guesthouse? Something nice. And somewhere upscale on the price, too. My parents are paying for the whole trip and they're loaded.|How about the express by holiday inn cambridge in the east side of town?
Do they have free wifi and a 4 star rating?|They have free WiFi but their rating is 2. I think University Arms hotel will suit you better in that case.
University Arms Hotel sounds just great. Please get me a booking for 8 people staying for 4 nights starting from Friday.|I was able to book your rooms at University Arms Hotel for Friday. Your reference number is 8IITDH5T. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it; thank you for your help.|Have a great time.
I am staying in the west part of cambridge and would like to know about some places to go.|I have several attractions in the west for you. Is there a certain type you have in mind?
No, what would you recommend?|i suggest  queens college in the silver street. you want the address?
I would like the phone number and the post code please.|Sure!  The phone number is 01223335511 and the postcode is cb39et.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse in the same area. Does not need to include internet.|There is a guesthouse named Hobsons House located in the west with 3 stars. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Would you like this one booked?
No thank you. I just needed the information. That's all I need.|Great! Have a good day!
Can you recommend a guesthouse at a moderate price?|Sure! And will you be staying in a particular area?
No area does not matter but I need free wifi.|What is the price range you would like?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.|The Acorn guesthouse appears to meet your needs. It's in the moderate price range, has 4 stars and wifi. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like to book that for 8 people for 3 nights staring on a Wednesday.|Acorn Guest House will be expecting your party of 8 for three nights starting Wednesday. Your reference number is H9QG5YLK. Do you need anything else?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place that serves Korean food.|Little Seoul serves Korean food in the centre area.  Would you like to know more about it?
If it is in the same price range as the hotel, may I please have the postcode and phone number?|It is actually in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to look for another place instead?
Yes. I really would prefer somewhere moderately priced.|There are no moderately priced Korean restaurants. Do you have another food type you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to see if you have any restaurants that serve Modern European food.|I have found 2 restaurants that serve Modern European food in the Centre area. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I want to make sure that this place it to my liking first. Can you just give me their postcode and phone number so I can call them up?|riverside brasserie's name is 01223259988 and their postcode is cb21rt
that is it for today thanks alot|Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for restaurant in the west, somewhere that serves Northern European food.|There are no restaurants that serve northern European food in that area, would you like to try another type of cuisine or look in a different area?
Let's Try Mexican, anything for Mexican?|I can't find anything for Mexican either. Is there another location you'd like to look in?
How about an Indian restaurant?|Sure, I have tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant, meghna. Can I book a table for you at one of these?
No thank you, but can I have their address, phone number, and postcode?|Certainly, i can provide that info, Which restaurant would you like the info for?
The Maharajah Tandoon sounds perfect. Can I get the information for them?|the maharajah tandoori restaurant serves expensive indian food. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Their contact number is 01223358399. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can give me info on the Hamilton Lodge?|Sure the Hamilton Lodge is a Guesthouse on the north side of town. It's moderately priced and has full amenities. Does that suit your needs?
Yes.  That sounds great.  I'm also going to need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.|What time would you like to leave your hotel?
I need to leave by 4:15. I would like to know what car type would pick me up and get a contact number for the driver.|The car is a red bmw. The contact number is: 07608942055.
Great. Thank you very much for you help. That is all I need today.|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that doesn't have to have free parking.|I have 24 possible matches for you. Is there a certain price range or area you want to be in?
I would prefer it in the South please.|How about the Bridge Guest House?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?|Yes, they do offer free internet and parking.
Ok, can you book me for 7 people, 5 nights starting on saturday?|Your room is booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref#06M9TH0M. Can I assist you with anything else today?
What places are there to go in town? What about museums?|byard art	is a good museum and entrance is free
I would like to book a train for Saturday.|Where would you like to go to?
I'll be catching the train at Birmingham New Street and take me to Cambridge.  Anytime after 12:30 is great.|TR0680 will depart at 12:40 and arrive 163 minutes later at 15:23. The trip will cost 60.08. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 8 people.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I need the reference number.|OK, you have 8 seats reserved on TR0680. The total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WUCRXXMG.
I also need a very CHEAP hotel with free wifi, not necessarily free parking though|I have the Cambridge Belfry. It is a cheap hotel located in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on saturday|I was able to book the room successfully.  The reference number is 8L2C6Y3N.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all I need.|Thanks for using our service & have a great visit!
Hi, I am looking for a nice hotel to stay in.  I would like it to include free parking.  Internet access is not necessary.|i have many. will you please state the price?
I don't care about the price.|acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel located north of cambridge would you like to reserve?
Do they have internet?|Yes it does. Shall I book it?
Yes, please. I need to book 3 nights starting on Friday for 5 people.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please give me reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7OLQYP67.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'd also like a recommendation for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|What food type are you interested in?
surprise me what is the best choice ?|Saigon city is Asian oriental and is in the north as the hotel is. It is expensive. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need reservations for 12:30 on Friday. There are 5 in my group.|Your table has been booked. Your reference number is LPQVDDE9.
That is all. Thank you.|I am glad I could help you with lodging and dining from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
Need a place to eat that has caribbean food, somewhere in south of town.|Okay, I don't have anything on the Southside. We can try another cuisine or a different location.
ok what about on any other side of Town?|There are no places to eat with that food, another type perhaps?
How about one that serves indian food instead?|Might I suggest curry garden? They are in the centre and are in the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the address and postcode for Curry Garden?|Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, I do need help finding a place to stay that has free parking though.|There are 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I prefer the room to be in a hotel.|There are eight. You might like The Lensfield Hotel, it's in the south of town. Would you like to book a room there?
yes please. Can you make the booking for two nights?|How many people will be staying?
I think I'll hold off on that reservation. Does that hotel have free Internet? I do want to book a taxi if you can do that.|The hotel does come with free wifi.  For the taxi, what is your departure site and destination<  I will also need time frames you want.
From the Curry Garden to the hotel.  I want to leave the restaurant by 23:45.|Thank you, I was able to book a taxi for 23:45. It will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07162285520.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am looking to eat at an expensively priced mexican place.  Can you help me?|There is one mexican restaurant in the expensive range, chiquito restaurant bar.  Would you like more information or a booking?
That sounds great!  I need to book for 3 people on Friday at 19:30.  I will need a reference number.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : GOJIRRQ4.
OK, thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel and doesn't not need to have free parking.|We have several hotels, including one in the South, the same area as the restaurant.  It is expensive, but we have others in other areas as well.
I need it to be cheap with free wifi.|The cambridge belfry is a chear foru star hotel, would you like me to book you?
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the hotel.|it is 4 star and the address is back lane, cambourne, the post code is cb236bw. is there something else i could help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi.|Sure! What will be you departing and arriving destinations?
From the cambridge belfry to chiquito restaurant bar.  We won't be fit to drive!|Totally understand that. When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive before 19:30.|a yellow toyota will be picking you up and the contact number is 07656739082, anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using our system today!
Can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 09:00?|Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from norwich|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday.|TR4202 will leave at 07:16 and arrive 79 minutes later at 08:35. It will cost 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
cool, actually i need eight seats.|Your tickets have been booked. The total fee for 8 tickets is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is AT6FDYTN. Anything else you need today?
I need to book a 3 night stay starting on Tuesday for 8 at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house.  I need a reference number for it.|Okay, the booking was successful. Reference number is : FKO2U5E7. Anything else I can help you with?
thank you that is all|Excellent. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a taxi.|Ok. Where are you going?
I guess first I'd better find a place to stay. I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse and it should include free wi-fi and parking.|I have several places that meet your needs. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to stay in?
Not really, but which of these have the best rating?|The acorn guest house is the highest recommended guesthouse with 4 stars.
Ok, could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode please?|Certainly, acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da,  and their phone is 01223353888.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm looking for somewhere to eat that does barbecue? Is there anywhere like this in the city center? If there's no barbecue, what about Japanese?|I didn't happen to have any barbeque restaurants but I did find a japanese restaurant in the centre of town. It's called Wagamama. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will work. Can I get the restaurant address please?|Yes their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. Will there be anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time. Thanks for your help.  Have a nice day.|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting us here at the Cambridge TownInfo centre and I hope you have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help?|Sure, what kind of food were you interested in?
I don't have a preference. Just need it to be cheap and in the south.|Nandos is my favorite. Cheap but excellent Portuguese place. Would you like a table there?
please get me their address.|Sure, it's Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay, a guesthouse please.|I will be happy to help with that, is there a certain area you were looking to stay at?
I'm looking for something in Cambridge, probably in the south as well, but it's not necessary.|bridge guest house has a 3 star rating and is at 151 hills road
Is Bridge Guest House in the south? If so, I will also need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the guesthouse.|Yes bridge guesthouse is in the south. Sure when would you like to leave the restaurant?
What is the star of that hotel? The address, including area of town too.|It is rated 3 stars and is in the south and its address is 151 Hills Road.
Great, thanks.  Can you also help me get a taxi from the restaurant?|sure, when would you like arrive by?
Thanks! I don't care, I just want to leave at 06:45, please.|Alright ive booked you a red volkswagen from nanfos to the bridge guesthouse that leaves at 06:45. their contact number is 07562063340. Anything else I can do to help?
Thanks that's all I need.|OKay, I am glad I could assist.
Thanks again, goodbye.|you are welcome to Cambridge
I would like to find a hotel in the east. Can you help me?|Sure, Express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east. Free internet & parking 2 stars. Phone number is 01223866800
I'd actually like to find a guesthouse in the east instead. I'd still like it to have free wifi.|I have about 6 different ones. Do you have a preference on price range? I have cheaper options and moderately priced ones.
The price does not matter. I would like it to be booked for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday.|I can book you into the allenbell. It is a cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
Great, let's try booking a room there.|The booking was unsuccessful do you have another choice?
Maybe just a one night stay then, try that.|Alright, I was successful in booking the Allenbell for Friday for 7 people at one night. Your reference code is 7D76ELJF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find me an expensive British restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|The grafton hotel restaurant sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please. Could you provide me with their postcode, phone number, and address as well?|What time on Friday would you like to reserve your table?  Also, will it be the 7 people?
Actually, no need to book. I just need the postcode, phone number and address for the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Thanks.|It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Their phone number is 01223241387. Can I assist you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel at 18:30 to the restaurant.|Your booking is completed. Your car type is a blue bmw and contact number is 07515734744. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to eat in the centre of town.|There are a lot of restaurants to choose from in the centre, what type of food do you want to eat?
Can you please search for  indian food.|I have many choices in the city center. Are you looking for something expensive or cheap?
I want something expensive.|How about Curry Garden on Regent Street?
That would be fine. I would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at 18:15.|The curry garden will be expecting your party on Wednesday at 18:15. Your reference is 925W0ZE2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes. I also need a 4 star hotel.|There are 21 4 star options. Do you need internet or parking?
Parking doesn't matter, but I want it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|There are two 4 star choices in the centre.   A cheap guesthouse as well as an expensive hotel. Would you like to book one today?
I'll like a hotel with free internet|I have two results for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel
Either will do - which place do you think is better?|I would recommend University arms hotel. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Does it have free parking? Also I need to know if they have free internet. The address and the type of hotel it is, got it?|It does have free parking. It is a hotel. The address is regent street, post code cb21ad. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people.|when will you be arriving and how many rooms?
I actually don't need a booking at this time. I have everything I need. Thank you, goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Have a nice day.
I'd like to find out more about the bloomsbury restaurant|Certainly! It is an international restaurant in the Centre of town. It is moderately-priced. It is at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, at 20 Downing Street. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, Friday at 18:15 for 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G0X4NIAA. is there any way i can be of help to you?
Well, I'm also looking to stay somewhere for a bit.  I need someplace with free wifi and parking.|Yes, there are a number of hotels with free parking and WiFi, what area do you wish to stay?
I would like a hotel in the western part of town.|There are four choices. Does it matter whether it is a hotel or guest house? Or any other preferences?
Looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 7 people for 5 nights on friday|Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I don't have a preference.|Booking was successful at the cambridge belfry, Reference number is : TNJXRQR5. Can I assist you with anything further?
That is everything I needed.  Thanks!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
I need a place to stay in the East. I don't need to have access to the Internet.|I have 7 places available in the east.  What is your price range?
Price does not matter, but can you find one without free parking?|a and a guest house is available. It's in East part of town and is moderately priced with no free parking. Can I book it for you?
does it have free wi fi? I need free wi fi|the a nd b guesthouse has wi-fi and fits the rest of your criteria, I can book you if you would like.
Yes, please. Can I book it for 2 people on Monday night with a 5 night stay?|I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Is there something else I can find for you?
How about something else in the same price range?|Okay, you're booked at Acorn guest house with reference number HK5AYCB6. May I help with anything else?
Can I have the address please?|Sure! The address for the acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road cb41da and the phone is 01223353888.
Thank you so much. That is all.|Okay. Enjoy your stay here.
I need a 4-star hotel.|There are 21 four star hotels. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I would like to stay in the 4 star hotel in the south. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse.|I don't have a hotel with 4 stars in the south. Would you like to change the area or star rating?
I guess I have no choice but to try something else. Can you see if there is a guesthouse in the south with 4 stars?|We have two guesthouses in the south, one moderately priced, the other cheap. Do you have a preference?
Thank you! I do not have a preference, but I do need for the place to have internet.|Aylesbray lodge guest house has internet and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please. Can you also provide me with the postcode?|Sure! It is cb17sr
Could you assist me in finding a restaurant? We are going all out so would like an expensive one near the hotel.|I have a few pricey restaurants near your hotel. We have the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, and Frankie and Bennies, if you'd like British. Do either of those interest you?
Any expensive restaurant int he south will work, what ever you want to recommend. I need a booking for Tuesday, 5 people at 17:00.|Reference number is : 54F41GMV. The God Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. Is there anything else?
Thank you very much. I think that's all that I need right now.|Great, have a wonderfule day!
I need a place to stay. A guesthouse would be great.|Is there a certain side of town you want to be on?
No not necessarily. I would like place moderately priced that includes free wifi and also free parking.|I show several hotels that meet those criteria.  What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
6 people for 5 nights starting saturday please.|I have that reservation made at the Acorn guest house for 5 nights. 6 people and you guys will arrive on Saturday
May I have the reference code please?|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Yes, please find lodging in the same moderate price range for a hotel instead of a guesthouse, if possible.|I was able to successfully book you at Ashley Hotel.  The address is  74 chesterton road.  The reference number is GINRZ444.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks again.|Okay. Enjoy your stay.
i want to do things around town.|Sure, what did you have in mind?
I would like to find a college to visit.|Are you planning on visiting a particular part of town?
No, know of an interesting one?|We're a very academic city and have 18 colleges in our community. There is St. John's College in the city center. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. Can I get their phone number and the entrance fee?|Let me go ahead and look that up for you.
Okay, thanks.|Their phone number is 01223338600 and the entrance fee is 2.50
Thanks so much. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|absolutely. would you like a hotel or guesthouse? and in what area would you like?
I want a hotel with free wifi. I don't care about free parking or a specific area.|Will you need parking?
No, I won't have a car, so parking isn't important.|I have 9 hotels available.  Do you have a preference for price range or star rating?
I would prefer a 4 star hotel please.|Okay. How about the university arms hotel? It meets your criteria and is also located in the city centre so you won't have to travel far to the attraction
Yes, can you book it for 8 people with 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Your reservation for 4 at the University Arms Hotel this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : HUVQF1WY. Anything else I can help you with
I'm going to need a taxi from the college back to the hotel as well.|Ok. I will need to know either the time you want to leave the college or the time you want to arrive back at the hotel.
I want to leave the college by 24:00, and can I get the contact number and car type please so I don't get in the wrong car?|Your taxi is booked. Be on the look-out for a blue Tesla. The contact numbers is 07533928216.
Since you booked the taxi yourself, is there anything else I can do for you?|Yes, it seems our roles have been mixed up.  I think everything has been satisfied.  Thanks for all the help and customer service :)
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a train|I feel more comfortable planning my own trip, but I can help you with yours.   Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am from Broxbourne and coming into Cambridge. What trains would you have available on Monday?|We have nineteen trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:15.  Can you book this for four people?  I need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UPJBMQ32.
Thanks, I also need a guest house.|We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a certain part of town or price range you would like?
I want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet|there are two results here. Do you have a preference for star rating?
No, I don't have a preference for star rating. Either would be fine.|Well 4 stars sounds better than 0 to me, how about the alexander bed and breakfast.  Would you like to book there?
as long as it has free wifi. I need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.|It does have internet. I booked your reservation, the reference number is RUNKLECC. Anything more I can help with?
that will be all for me today. Thank you, bye!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me with that?|Is there a specific area you are looking at and what price range would you like?
I just need it to be in the west and it should include free wifi.|I found two locations Finches Bed and Breakfast and Hobsons house, which one would you prefer?
I think I would prefer the Hobsons House. Can I get the postcode and phone number?|The address for Hobsons House is 96 Barton Road and the postcode is cb39lh, would you like me to book a reservation?
Not at this time.  I am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on wednesday.|There are 202 trains departing from Cambridge that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave after 13:45.|There are 107 trains leaving after 13:45. If you give me your destination I can narrow down the choices.
I'm heading to leicester.|Yes I have a Wednesday train from Leicester to Cambridge that departs at 14:21 and arrives at 16:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like to make the booking for 8 people.|Just to clarify, that train is from Cambridge to Leicester. I've made reservations for 8, reference no. HG6Y42HX. You can pay at the station.
thank you for your help|Thank you for contacting Cambridge InfoCentre today! Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a place to see, can you help?|I certainly can.  Is there a type of attraction that interests you?
I'm interested in the mumford theatre.|It's located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road in the centre of town. The phone number is 08451962320 and the postcode is cb11pt. Do you need more help?
I am also looking for a hotel called the Aylesbray Lodge guest house near by.|The aylesbray lodge is on 5 mowbray road. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
what type of hotel is it?|it is a guest house
Do they have internet?|Yes they have free internet.
Great. Thank you for all the information. I appreciate it. I think that's it for today. Thanks and goodbye.|Glad to have helped.
I need to find a Chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the north. Can you help?|I'm here to help!  There are 2 expensive restaurants and 1 moderate price.  Do you have a preference?
Nah, just book me a table at your favorite! I need it at 12:45 on Thursday. Table for 6, please.|You are all booked at Hakka, located on Milton Road in Chesterton.  Great place. Your reference number is 76N3GIHO and the table will be held for 15 minutes.
I also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi.|Ashley hotel offers parking and wifi and is within moderate pricing range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Is it a guesthouse or a hotel?|Were you looking for a hotel with a guesthouse?
I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on thursday.|I have 2 hotels that are available. Would you like to book one?
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 2 nights, I need the confirmation # too please|You're booked at Ashley Hotel! Your reference number is SPSKXM90.
Thank you! I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant.|Sure! Do you have a time preference?
I want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,12:45.|Ok! I booked that for you! Your car will be a red volvo. The contact number is 07919056928. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be all. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further service.
Hi I am looking for a guesthouse that has a star rating of 0.|It looks like there are two of those in Cambridge, do you have a preference on a location?
The hotel should be in the north and should be in the cheap price range.|It sounds like City Centre North B&B is perfect for you. Would you like me to book this guesthouse?
Yes, please, for three nights starting Monday.|And how many people will be staying?
Six people will be staying.|Okay, the booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : Z7T91H45.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need a train departing from kings lynn. It would be for the same day as my hotel arrival. And I need to arrive before 21:45.|Sure, the train that arrives closest to the time you requested is TR1465 arrives at 20:58. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
What is the departure time and the duration of the ride?|Train TR1465 departs Cambridge at 20:11 and takes exactly 47 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to clarify. I want to depart Kings Lynn and arrive in Cambridge, does TR1465 work for me?|Yes, this train meets all the criteria you specified. Can I book that for you?
Yes that's fine. Thank you. If for some reason there were a mix up are there workers at the station or is there a number to call here?|Upon booking you will have a confirmation number that you can call and reference in case of any trouble.
Okay, so TR1465 leaves kings lynn at 20:11, arrives in cambridge at 20:58, and has a travel time of 47 minutes? If that is correct, that's all I need.|Great I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your travel.
I am looking for a place to stay and it should include free wifi and free parking.|We have quite a few lodgings which offer both. Do you have a preference as to what type of lodging, a guesthouse or hotel?
I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.|I have two options. City Centre North B&B is in the north, and El Shaddai is in the Centre. Do you have a preferencE?
How about El Shaddai? I'll book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. There will be 5 of us.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8JGI0F6Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all! Thanks!|Awesome. Have a good day!
I need some information on a place to eat call the nirala.|The nirala is an indian restaurant in the north side in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can book it for you but first I will need to know what day and time you need in addition to how many will be in your party.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 1 for 13:30 on Monday?|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is 2X07EN14.
Thank you my table has been reserved and my number is 2X)7EN14.|Is that all that you will be needing today?
I also need a 4-star place to stay in the west, and it needs to have free parking.|There are 3 options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No, no preference.|Did you have a preference between cheap and expensive?
I do not care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Your reservation for 1 at the cambridge belfry this monday for 3 days 2 nights was successful.Your Reference number is: K7N43WRV Is there anything else I can help you with
I now need a taxi for the 2 places|Sure! Where are you going to first and from where please?
I'm going to the nirala restaurant from the hotel|Ok, I am getting the info up now, what time would you like to be there by?
I have to make it there before 13:30.|You are booked in a blue audi.  The contact number is 07195096632.
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need at this time.|alright, enjoy your day.
I need a hotel with free wifi but I don't need free parking.|There are over 30 to choose from. Is there a certain part of town you prefer?
I'm looking for one that is moderately priced and don't have a preference on where exactly it is.|The Ashley hotel is the North and is priced at moderate.
Is it available for 4 nights starting from Sunday for 6 people?|Unfortunately, the hotel is not available for your criteria. How about checking another hotel?
could you try the same one, three nights only?|I was able to book that, reference number is 49SWXAT1.
Thank you, I also need a place to eat in the centre of town.|Yes can we narrow it done by food type or price range?
I'm looking for Indian food, please.|I found quite a few options for you. Could I narrow it down by price range?
No, price does not matter. Right now I'd just like a recommendation.|The Curry Garden is a popular choice.
Let's go with that. What's the address?|The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp. Would you like to conduct more searches for other locations?
I'd actually like to book a taxi to commute between those two places you found for me. I need to leave the hotel by 09:15 please.|Sure!  I have booked a yellow BMW to pick you up at 09:15 from your hotel.  The contact number for the taxi is 07744629357.
Great! Thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Again thank you.|Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day.
thank you for your help goodbye|Thank you and good bye!
I'm looking for a hotel in the expensive price range. Internet is not necessary.|We have 5 hotels that meet your request.  Is there a specific area you'd like to stay in?
I need a place in the east, please.|That would be express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like to book that?
Um, no thank you. I think that's all I need for today!|Thank you for using our service.  Have we met all of your needs?
No, actually I do need to book the Holiday Inn Cambridge as long as it has free wifi.|The holiday inn cambridge has internet but I do not have any information on whether or not it is wifi or free.
Can we go ahead and book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday?|Okay, I have you booked for three nights starting on Saturday.  Your reference number is PDMS5WA1.
Thanks, do you know of any colleges near the hotel?|Unfortunately I'm not finding any colleges near the hotel on the east side of town. Would you like me to expand my search to another area?
How about a swimming pool in the same area?|Yes! The Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is on the east side of town, at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get the entrance fee and phone number for the Abbey Pool please?|Their phone number is 01223902088, and their entrance fee is not listed in our system at this time.
Ok. That's all I need then.|Great. Thank you very much for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the south, can you give me information on my options.|there is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south it is cheap, yet a 4 star.
Is that a guesthouse? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse, I want to stay in a hotel please.|We don't have any cheap hotels on the south side. You'll have to look elsewhere.
Can you please look at a cheap guesthouse in the south side?|rosa's bed and breakfast	fits your description. can we reserve?
I would like to book it for 3 nights|I'd be happy to book it for you. What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|booking was successful, confirmation # is PHSEY43R, anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to eat, in the same price range as my hotel and preferably chinese food.|we have quite a few would you like to reserve a table
Not yet, can you find me one that is in the same area as the hotel?|I found a restaurant for you! The Lucky Star is a Chinese Restaurant in the south and also has a cheap price range.
That sounds great. Can i make a reservation for 4 people today at 19:15?|The reservation for 4 people at the lucky star this wednesday at 19:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NYGDCBFX.
thank you for helping|Is there anything else I may help with?
That is all I need, goodbye|Very well, thank you for using our services. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a cheap guesthouse that I can stay at?|Sure, I have 24 options for you!
I do need one with free parking, and it needs to be in the cheap price range, but those are my only requirements. Which one is your favorite?|Okay, my favorite is Autumn house in the east. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I would just like to know what the postcode is and whether or not they offer internet.|The post code is cb58rs and they do offer free wifi.
Excellent! I've also heard great things about the Tang Chinese restaurant. What can you tell me about them?|it is a chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has an expensive price range. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please book a table at Tang Chinese for 2 people at 17:30 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is O8SO1FUO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's it for now. Thanks very much for your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a guest house in Cambridge, please and thank you.|There are many guesthouses available! Is there a price range you prefer?
I'd actually like something really basic, a 0-star guesthouse. Is there one in the north?|I have the city centre north b and b located at 328a histon road.   Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range and do they have wifi?|There is only one hotel and it is cheap.
Does it have wifi?|Yes they do have free wifi and free parking as well. Would you like to make reservations?
I am looking for a place to dine in the Centre.  Can you help me?|Yes I can.  Is there a type of food that you are looking for?
Light bites, please.|Sorry there are no matches do you want me to look for any other type of cuisine?
check for portuguese food.|Nandos City Centre is a Portuguese Cuisine in the town Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
No reservation but can I get the price range, the post code and the address?|Absolutely! The price range is cheap. It's postcode is cb23ar. And the address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a 4 star hotel.|What area of the city would you like the hotel to be in?
i would like it near the centre.|I have one guesthouse and one hotel that would work.  What price range did you want?
Let's go for the guesthouse please|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is the guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you tell me if it has free parking?|Yes it has free parking and free wifi.
Please give me their price range and postcode.|Cheap price range and postcode is cb12e
I am interested in the Express by Holiday Inn - Cambridge.|it is located in the east and 2 star rated. has both internet and parking. it is expensive. you can reach them on 01223866800.its postal code is cb13Ih located in 15-17 norman way coldharms business park
I want to book 3 nights there, please.|How many people and on what day?
Three days starting from Saturday, for 6 people.|The booking was successful.
Your reference number is : 4LQXEJ9H.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Can you tell me a little bit of info on the Cambridge Corn Exchange? It's supposed to be an attraction place or something.|It's a theatre in the centre of town on wheeler street, postcode cb23qe. The phone number is 01223357851 and the entrance fee is unknown. Do you need anything else?
What type of attraction is this?  Maybe I'll call them and find out the entrance fee.|The Cambridge Corn Exchange is a theatre.
Thank you for your time!|Yeah, you are welcome.I was happy to help.
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.|We have many places to choose from. Do you have a specific price range or area you want to stay in?
No, but I would like a guesthouse.|We have 21 of those, would you like to narrow your choices down by location or price range?
Can you give me the address of the one you recommend?|I recommend the arbury lodge guesthouse on the northside. Its in the moderate price range and its located at 82 arbury road. Will that be all today?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, they do offer free wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
I don't need a reservation just yet, but can you give me the address?|Absolutely, the address is 82 Arbury Road, CB42JE.  May I help with anything else?
No, that is everything, thank you for your help.|You are welcome! Have a nice day.
Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket.|I can help you with that. Where would you like to arrive and depart from and on what day?
I want to depart from london liverpool street on Saturday leaving after 08:30 to go to cambridge|TR0357 will leave at 09:39, would that work for you?
That sounds like it will work. Can you book 7 seats for us? I'll need a reference number.|7 seats have been booked and your reference number is: MN2WKAWI
I also need to find a place to stay while there. Preferably something expensive.|ok there are 5 different ones. Which area of town are you wanting to stay in?
I'm flexible on the area but I really want a hotel instead of a guesthouse. And I would like something with 4 stars.|You have two choices that match your criteria: Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and University Arms Hotel in centre. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Do either of them have free parking?|Yes, both of them. Is there anything else about them you'd like to know?
I would like to book one of those for 2 nights please.|OK, how many people will be staying and what day will you be checking in?
7 people on the same night.|Booking was unsuccessful at both hotels. Would you like to change the duration of your stay?
Sure, try just 1 night.|Booking was successful at the University Arms Hotel located in the centre of town. They are 4-star rated and have free parking and wifi. Reference number is: 5Y7U9B9A. Is that ok?
Yeah that works for me. It's also all I needed for today. Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the moderate price range.|There are 21 places to dine at with moderate pricing, do you have a preference for cuisine type?
Yes I would like european food.|There are 2 to choose from.  They are both good, but I like the Galleria personally.  There are also a few that serve modern european food.
No, I'll try the Galleria. Can you book a table there for 2 at 15:30 on Tuesday, and please provide me with the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : T7QJ1WB2. Anything else you need?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that's in the same area as the restaurant with free parking.|I have 2 guesthouse and 2 hotels in the centre. Do you have a preference or a price range in mind today?
A 2 star would be good. I don't care about price range.|I'm sorry, we don't have any 2 star hotels or guest houses in that area.  Would you like to try something else?
How about guesthouses with 0 stars?|I have the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is cheap and in the centre of town. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes.  Please book for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|I apologize but I was unable to book the el shaddai for that day and stay duration.  Would you be willing to book starting another day or shortening your stay?
How about 1 day stay?|Your 1 day booking was successful. Your reference number is IHD90OCU. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|Booking completed. A red Toyota will pick you up and take you to the restaurant. Contact number for them is 07965351585. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot for all your help. Bye!|Okay, have a great day!
I need a guest house to stay in. What do you have?|I can definitely help you with that. How about we start with a price range you prefer? Or maybe an area you prefer?
I don't really have a preference. I just need free wifi.|How about the A and B Guest House in the east?
Yes I'd like to book that for 1, starting Monday for 3 nights. Also could I have the reference number for that?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CP66EFS7. Will there be anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge.|I can help you find one. First of all, where are you going to be departing from?
I need a train form Cambridge on Monday arriving at Leicester by 12.|The earliest is TR8631, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving Leicester, 07:06. Would you like to book a ticket, or perhaps a later time would be better?
Later time. Book for the same amount of people though.|How about TR2192, it leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06, will this be better for you?
Yes that is fine and a reference number please|It has been booked the reference number is OWA1681U
Thank you so much.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Have a great day!
I'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves indian food.|I show many restaurants that serve Indian food in that price range. What area would you like to travel to?
I am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the area of centre.|Might I recommend Saffron Brasserie? That is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town. I can book a table for you, if you like.
Sure thing, please book for 6 people at 19:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : RF00JUFQ.
Okay great! Thank you so much. Could you also help me find a 3 star hotel in the area. I don't need wifi either.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and is moderately priced. It has 3 stars and no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds great. Please book that now.|May I ask how many people are in your group?
I have 6 people in my group.|How many days would you like to stay?
2 nights, starting the same day as the reservation.|I'm sorry. It looks like they're full. Would you like me to look for something else?
Yes please. Is there something else available in that area?|I'm sorry, it looks like that is the only 3 star hotel in that area, would you like me to look somewhere else?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 2? I'll need the reference number please.|I was able to get one night, the reference number is 9XVT8M5T.
Thank you so much!|I'm glad to help, you're welcome!
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm looking for some local restaurants. I would like to find some located in the Centre and of moderate price.|We have a lot of locations to chose from. What type of food would you like?
Are there any restaurants that serve bistro food?|There are no bistro style places that meet your criteria, would you like another style of food perhaps?
how about italian?|Sure, there are two such restaurants. How about Pizza Express, at Regent Street City Centre? Would you like to book a table?
Yea! Please book a table for 2 people at 15:00 on Thursday.|That time is not available, would you like to book another day or time slot?
Can you try 14:00?|Yes I was able to make you a reservation at the pizza express on thursday at 14:00 for 2 people.  Your reference number is UN9ONONE.
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area of the restaurant|I have several options. Do you prefer a certain price range so that we can narrow down the options?
I don't really care about price range, but I'd like to have free parking.|The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive range but is located in the Centre.
Does it have free parking?|Yes it does! Shall I book that hotel for you?
Please. Book it for 2 people on thursday, for 3 days. I'll need the reference number for that as well.|Your Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : K9JGOOGY.
Can I also book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel? We want to make our dinner reservation.|I have you booked leaving at  13:45 and arriving at 14:00. Your car is a black audi.
That sounds great.  Can you provide the contact number for the taxi?|Certainly, the number is 07937202537. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thanks.|Thank you as well and have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a hotel tonight.|There are plenty of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or star rating you prefer?
I prefer three star and an expensive price range.|I'm sorry, but I could not find any three star hotels in the expensive price range.
Okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still expensive and has free wifi?|Our system glitched for some reason, Goonville Hotel located in Centre is a 3 star hotel with free wifi in the expensive price point. Would you like more information?
Please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Saturday.|There is a discounted rate if you stay another night. Would you like me to add another night?
No thanks, I do need the reference number though.  I would like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center though.|I found charlie chan for you and its nice.
OKay can I get the address?|The reference number for your hotel is E6HS30W7. The address for the restaurant is, Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your helP!|You are welcome, enjoy the stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay with free parking please.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel with free parking. Their phone number is 01223866800.
Is it a guesthouse? I'd really like a guesthouse with 3 stars, if possible.|Unfortunately, I can't find a 3-star expensive guesthouse with free parking. Would you like me to find something else?
How about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?|Sure, The Lensfield hotel is in the south.  It is very nice, can I book it for you?
First, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and tell me if they have internet?|The Lensfield does have free wifi. Their phone number is 01223355017 and their postcode is cb21en.
That is perfect, thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Let us know if you have any more questions!
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.|how about christ's college? it has free admission.
Where are they located?|It's located on saint andrew's street, in postcode cb23bu.
Would you happen to have the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the south and should be in the type of guesthouse.|There are three guesthouses to choose from in the south. Do you have a preference about price range or star rating?
How about a moderate price range and a star rating of three?|The bridge guesthouse meets that criteria, would you like me to book you or just give you some info?
Yes please.  Can I get that for 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday?|Sure! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IT4WKA6J. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi to commute. I need to leave the hotel by 15:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:blue BMW
Contact number	:07261500533     What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, That will be all.|I hope everything works out well.
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I need a room, in the south, free wifi.|I have one hotel and three guesthouses on the southside. Would you like a certain price range or star rating?
The price range and star rating is not important to me.|Do you need it to have free parking?
No, you can just pick whatever you would recommend.  Can you book a room for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights?|Ok, let's book The Lensfield Hotel for you Saturday for 6 people for 4 nights.
Great. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?|I've booked you at the Lensfield with reference number is PKEIHXCW. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you|Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
We will. Have a good day.|Thank you so much . Enjoy your stay.
You have been super helpful. Good-Bye.|Thank for using our service. Goodbye!
I would like to book a train for Thursday after 20:45. Can you help?|No problem! Where will you be departing from and where is the destination?
I need to leave bishops stafford and head into cambridge.|TR6336 departs at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07 for 10.10 pounds.  Do you wish to book this one?
Sounds right, would you book it for 6 people? I will need the reference number, thank you.|Your Reference number is : VCAW5JNF.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I have heard wonderful things about the autumn house hotel.  Could you provide me with some information on this hotel please?|Sure. Autumn House is a cheap, guesthouse type hotel in he east part of town. It has 4 stars.
Perfect thanks for such great help|You're welcome. Would you like a booking or any other information?
Could I please have the phone number for the Autumn House?|Sure! The number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. But thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. I'm looking for something with zero stars, I'm kind of doing an irony thing.|I show 3 with zero stars. One in the north, and two in the centre. Did you have a preference?
yes the one in centre of town will you book it ?|Cityroomz is in the centre of town with 0 stars. What date will you like me to book it?
Is it a guesthouse?|it is moderate  priced hotel with free  internet. can we go ahead and book?
Yes please, 3 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday.|You're all set! Reference number is CPNDRAUS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking to get train tickets as well.|We have 2,828 different trains available.  Where are you leaving from.
I will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on wednesday and need to arrive by 14:15|There are 9 trains available. Do you need tickets booked?
Yes, I will need tickets for the group. Thank you|I have you booked on the last train, departing at 9:52. Your reference number is FIDSQKSN. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for now. Thank You|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I have a hotel that I really want to stay at today.|Can you tell me the name of the hotel please and then we can talk about booking a room?
It is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel|When will you be staying there?
I'm not sure. Do they have internet?|Yes, they have internet available.
What type of hotel is it? And what is the post code?|Its an expensive hotel.
Can I get the postcode please?|Okay, the postal code is: PE296FL. Can I assist with anything else?
I also would like to eat in the center of town.|There is a lot of restaurants in the town centre. What type of food are you looking for? What is your price range for the restaurant?
Don't really have a food preference but would prefer something expensive.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Are you sure you have no preference for food type?
None, it is my first time in the town and I like every food, I will go with what you recommend.|Okay. Well, I've heard great things about the Cambridge Chop House. It's a British restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday at 17:30?|Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number, CUZ69HSD.
Thanks, now can you book me a taxi? I want to be picked up from my hotel and taken to the restaurant by 17:30. Please give me car type/contact number|Your taxi has been booked. The car type is a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07594906784. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!|You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be in the north and have a 4 star rating.|We have 8 hotels available for booking in the north. Would you be interested the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
I do need to make sure it's not too expensive. Is that one moderately priced?|Yes, it is moderately priced. Would you like more information about it or assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, could you please book it for 5 people for 2 nights? Also, could you provide the reference number when complete.|I will be happy to do so. On what day would you like to begin your stay?
I will be starting my stay on Thursday.|I've successfully booked your stay at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, your reference # is QYGLCINE. would you like directions?
Yes, directions please.|The hotel is located at 82 Arbury Road.  I will send directions to the hotel.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need to inquire about a train from Peterborough to Cambridge for Thursday. I need the travel time, departure time and price. Arriving by 13:00.|TR8431 leaving at 11:48 and arriving at 12:38 is the closest match. It costs 16.50 per person and will take 50 minutes. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the TR8431 train. Thank you!|How many tickets are needing to purchase?
Please book 5 tickets.|Alright. Train  TR8431 is booked for 5 people and the reference number is J2OOJ4QQ. May I help you with anything else?
That's everything that I need. You've been a great help. Thank you.|Great! Thank's or using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks so much! Goodbye.|Goodbye, and thanks for connecting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, can you help me with some trip planning?  I could use some suggestions for places to go in town.|I can definitely help you with that.  Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in or section of the city you were looking at?
I'm looking for a theatre in any part of the city. Can you recommend one?|There is the Mumford theatre, it is located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road in the Centre area.
That sounds good, I like that. Could you tell me what the postcode is please?|the postcode is cb11pt
I would also like to book at a guest house named Aylesbray Lodge, starting Monday.|I'm starting to book your reservation at Aylesbray Lodge starting on Monday, how many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 3 nights.|OK, and how many people will be staying in the room?
2 people, is that fails then try 1 night. Please provide the reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WYO54VCI.
anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you!|Happy to assist.
I'm grateful for your services.|Ok, hope you have a wonderful time.  Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian food restaurant?|the curry prince is nice. Do you want reservations ?
If it is in the west part of town, yes. If not can you suggest something else?|The Curry Prince isn't in the west part of town, but there's a moderately priced Indian restaurant called Meghna, would you like to make reservations there?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday.|I can definitely do that, how many people will be dining and at what time would you like?
3 people at 12:15 on thursday|You're all set. Your reference number is TZPHV671.
I am also going to need a place to stay - somewhere in the north, I think.|there are 5 guesthouses in the north ranging from 3 to 4 stars. do you need internet or parking?
I don't need parking, but I would like to make sure it is a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are 2 hotels in the north, Ashley hotel and lovell lodge.  Both are moderately priced, do you have a preference between them?
It doesn't matter.|Okay if you would like me to book the Ashley I would be happy to do so.
Yes 3 people, two nights on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VDE49MAL.
I also need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|where is your departure site?
I am departing from The Ashley.|Okay I booked a taxi for you. The car type is going to be a blue honda, and the contact number is 07061162285.
that will be it for today. thanks|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.|I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.|Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q.
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?|I need to know what you're looking for first.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, Please give me a 3 star guesthouse hotel|Thank you, do you have a preference in area?
I need a hotel in the Cambridge area.|I have three 3-star guesthouse type hotels in Cambridge. They are in the south, north, and west areas. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference|How about hamilton lodge in the north?
i would like to book hamilton lodge for 7 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday|I'm sorry, it looks like there is no availability for those criteria, would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights?|Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Hamilton Lodge with reference number IKIEEZT3. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to eat. Can you find a moderately priced restaurant that serves Turkish food?|I have found two restaurants in the centre of town that serve turkish food. Would you like me to book a reservation at one of them?
Could you give me the phone number and address?|Did you want the anatolia or efes restaurant?
Would you provide me the phone number for the Anatolia restaurant please.|Anatolia's phone number is 01223362372.
Great! can you book me a car from the restaurant to the hotel?|Of course, is there a specific time you'd like to leave the restaurant, or a time you want to arrive at the hotel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 9:45.|I have confirmed your taxi leaving Anatolia at 9:45, a red volkswagen will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07212861287. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, no that is all I will need.|I hope I have been helpful, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.|Ok, I have 17 options for you. What area are you looking for?
Are there any in the South?|I have two in the south in your price range. One is a 4 star guesthouse and the other is a 3 star guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you let me know the postcode and phone number of the 4 star guesthouse?|Sure! The postcode and phone number are 01223240089 and 01223240089.
Thanks so much.  I am also looking for a museum I could visit.|Sure, I can help you find one.  Is there a certain part of town you were looking to visit?
Something in the north, please.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any matching attractions. Would you like to try a different area?
Wait, I'm staying in the south, that would make more sense.  How about a museum in the south?|Great there's the byard art museum there!
Can I have the phone number, postcode and address please?|Byard Art is located at 14 king's parade. The post code is 01223464646. You can reach them at 01223464646.
Awesome, that covers it all.  You were very helpful.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 9:15 going to Ely? Thanks.|Yes, there are many. Where are you departing from?
I am departing out of Cambridge. I really do need to leave sometime after 21:15 for sure.|There are 14 trains available. What day will you be leaving?
I'm leaving on Saturday.|I have two on Saturday. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I need 6 tickets.|I have booked 6 seats for you on saturday.  Would you like some restaurant suggestions in ely?
Thank you. I also need a hotel.|Where would you like to stay on your trip?
First, can you give me my reference number for the train?|Yes, the Train ID is TR7738.
Thank you. I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I'd love to help you with that. There are so many hotel options in the area. Can you help me narrow it down a bit? Area? Price range, etc.?
I would like a place like a guesthouse that has at least 4 stars.|We have 16 possible guesthouse matches with parking and internet.  What price range are you interested in?
Sorry can we go back to the train for a moment?  I need the reference number, not the train ID for my booking.|Your reference number is  DALA684J
Back to the guesthouse now ... what is the price range for your favorite one?|the arbury lodge guesthouse is quite nice. It's cheap too.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hello are you familiar with Rosa's bed and breakfast? I've been looking for this hotel for forever!|It's a guesthouse in the south, located on 53 roseford road, cb22ha. It's a cheap 4 star hotel with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Okay. yes let's book it from Tuesday for 4 people for 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : JPK1Y99E.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it, thank you for the help.|Have a great trip.
Wait, can you also find me a place to dine?|I most certainly can. What type of food are you interested in? Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
Im looking for a place that serves Swiss food, more on the expensive side.|I'm sorry. I don't see any restaurants that serve Swiss food at any price range. Would you like to try a different cuisine in the expensive range?
Yes Korean please, I love that BBQ LOL|I found Little Seoul located in the centre in the expensive range.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, 4 people at 14:30 on tuesday.|Please find a taxi for me that can commute us to that location!
You seem nice, but I would rather just have this meal with my group, plus you have access to the taxi system, not me., but thank you for help|I have you booked at Little Seoul. Your reference number is GHPSLEDY. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No. Thank you. The lodging and dining were my concerns. Goodbye.|Thank you for letting me assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I need a place to dine on expensive crossover food.|There are no places a any price range that serve this food type, shall I search for something else for you?
are you sure? maybe try the centre?|I am sorry there are none in the centre. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Sure, how about Chinese?|There is no Chinese either.
I really want to eat Chinese in the centre area of town.  Are you 100% positive that isn't possible?  I'll be heartbroken.|Actually, there is chinese. I recommend Ugly Duckling. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please! There will be 7 of us dining at 13:15 on Friday.|I made a booking for you. Do you need the reference number?
Yes if i could get the reference number that would be great. I also need information on Hamilton lodge.|Okay your reference number is C40IRNSV.
Also, I'm wanting to book the Hamilton Lodge for 2 people on Friday night.  Can you do that?|I am getting the info up as we speak, will that be for one day or multiple days?
Yes. I need it for 2 nights, 7 people, starting on Friday.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is X1V3GGL2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is everything I need.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
thank you for helping|No thank you that will be all
Good Morning, I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. Are you looking for a hotel or guesthouse to stay in while you visit?
Actually, I am looking for the cambridge arts theatre. What area is that in?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is a great theatre in the center of town.
Great!   Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking and wifi?|I have 29 results for places to stay with free wifi and parking, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a location preference, just so long as its a 4 star place.|I would recommend the Acorn Guest House.  It is a 4-star facility.
Can you please book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Friday? Also, I will need the reference number for that.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1FNJFLCY.
Thank a lot for your help. That is all.|You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I need a place to eat in the moderate price range.|We have quite a few restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as to area or type of cuisine?
I'm interested in international food.|I would suggest either the varsity restaurant or bloomsbury restaurant.
I will choose the Bloomsbury Restaurant, thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure. I'd like it for 11:45 on Thursday. There will be 3 people.|Okay great. I will work on that now and be back with you shortly.
Sure, take your time.|Ok, All set. Your reference number is 2OW2P7KA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to stay with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.|there are about 14 places. do you have an area in mind?
Yes, I prefer the north and I must have free wifi, please.|17 Places fill that need, do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?  Do you have a star rating in mind?
As long as it's moderately priced and meets my needs, I will take your recommendation. I don't care about star ratings or type of lodging.|the a and b guest house would be perfect for you. Shall I book it ?
No I just need the get star of the hotel and postcode|it has a star of 4. what else do you want to know?
Do they have internet?|Yes, A and B Guesthouse does have internet. Do you want to reserve a room?
Need a hotel up north with free parking.|The Ashley Hotel is nice.  It also has free internet.  Can I get any further details for you?
Yes I need free parking and cheap reservation|unfortunately we dont have one that fits the  criteria, can you change a the location,?
Do you have anything cheap, in the north with free parking?|I have checked your criteria again and unfortunately we have nothing that meets those specifications. Can I look for a different hotel for you?
How about a restaurant. Can you recommend a Vietnamese place in the north that is cheap?|I'm sorry I am unable to find a Vietnamese restaurant in the north area that meets your criteria. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
I'm sorry, I really do need a Vietnamese restaurant. Would you mind checking again?|There is a Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town.
As long as it's cheap, I don't care about the area. Can you book a table for 4 at 11:45 on Thursday?|Your table has been booked. Reference number is LEKNI48K. Anything else today?
I am also going to need a taxi.|Where are you wanting to depart from and go to?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and go to the restaurant in time for the reservations.|I'm sorry, what is the name of the restaurant you'll be dining at, and I don't see the hotel you chose either?
Please reread the rest of the conversation! It's not hard to keep up! The hotel is the Ashley hotel. You didnt give me the name of the restaurant|I am so sorry. The restaurant is Thanh Binh. I will work on your taxi reservations.
Okay, I am kind of in a hurry.|your car is a grey skoda phone number 07944928572 any other questions?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Okay, have a wonderful visit to Cambridge!
i need a 4 star place to stay which should include free wifi.|Okay, and what is your price range?
I need some place cheap. Thanks|I have many options for you. What part of town do you want to stay in?
I don't care, book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday|I have you booked for the Autumn house, the reference number is ACW41WKC, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also want info on concert halls in the south.|I am sorry but there is only one concerthall which is in the centre. Do you want the contact information or do you want a different type of attraction?
Let's try a cinema in the south instead then|What about Cineworld Cinema? Would you like more information?
Yes, please tell me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee.|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, the postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 00872208000.
I need a taxi. I want to leave the cinema at 13:30 and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info|You will be picked up by a blue Honda and the contact number is 07712234271.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
Hi, I need a train from stansted airport that arrives by 14:30. Can you help?|I sure can help with that!  Can you please tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes I will traveling to Cambridge and want to arrive by 14:30.|TR3659 arrives at 05:52
Could you please tell me the price and travel time of that train?|Sure, price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I need a hotel that is 4 star and of moderate price.|I have about 11 different options. All are guesthouses. Do you have a preference on area so that we can narrow it down?
I would like a hotel to the north that is a guesthouse, please.|I show 7 guesthouses that match your criteria.  Might I suggest acorn guesthouse.  They have free parking and internet.  Phone number is 0122353888.
Can you reserve us some rooms? We're a party of 8 and we'd like to stay 3 nights, starting Sunday. Can you check that the train is also on Sunday?|I've successfully booked your rooms, and your reference number is D4TV4G4T.
Thank you,  That was all I needed|Have a nice stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.|I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
Hi, I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.|Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to see architecture and need the area, address and entrance fee.|How about old schools? It is located in the centre area.
Great. Let me get the address and entrance fee please. I see it's in the centre.|Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane and there is no entrance fee. It is completely free. Do you need help with anything else today?
I'm looking for someplace in the center to stay as well|I have 5 locations in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Anything with a 0 star rating? I want a super trashy place|Well, we have two options that meet your needs. El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse and Cityroomz is a moderately-priced hotel. Both in the Centre. Would you like more information?
Does it have free parking?|Both offer free internet. El Shaddai also offers free parking. Cityroomz unfortunately does not offer parking.
Okay, let me book El Shaddai for 5 night starting Sunday for 4 people.|It's all booked for you.  Your reference number is TRQIT249.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me too?|I would be happy to book a taxi for you.  Can you tell me when you will need it and your departure and destination address.
I will need to leave the attraction by 14:00.|Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is :07141789693.  Do you need anything else today?
Great thank you! That will be all!|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.|I have 8 options for you. What area are you looking for?
What places are in the south?|There is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south that has free parking and internet, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for one person for 4 nights starting Friday please.|I booked you a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 nights starting Friday. Your reference is V0HUXEUZ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will do.|Well, thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the moderate price range with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels that are moderately priced with free wifi.  Ashley hotel or Lovell Lodge in the North and CityRoomz in the centre.
I would prefer a 4 star hotel, are any of those three rated 4 stars?|They are not. Would you like me to look for hotels in a certain area?
I would like to stay in the centre part of town.|I am sorry but there are no hotels in the center of town matching your request. Would you like try a different part of town, price range, or star rating.
Can you check the north part of town?|I have seven places in the north. Would you like me to book one?
Can you let me know if one of them has free parking, the hotel type of it, and the postcode?|There are six entries that fit your criteria in the nborth area, any other preferences?
Which one would you recommend?|How about the ashley hotel? Moderately priced and located in the north.
Sounds good! I also need to find a college in town. Can you help?|Sure! There are 18, any specific area?
I would prefer the same area as the hotel.|I'm sorry, there are none in the North, would you like to try a different area?
Sure, I'd like to explore other areas of town. Any recommendations?|How does Christ's College sound? It's in the city centre and is free to visit.
Thanks! Can I have the address and phone number please?|The phone number is 01223334900 and the address is  saint Andrews street.
Thank you!  One last thing:  I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, please.|What time do you want that trip to be?
I'm going to leave the hotel by 19:15.|Excellent, I have booked you a blue honda for 19:15. The contact number is 07956367561. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That was all I  needed. Goodbye.|I'm happy to have helped, good day.
I am looking for information for Warkworth House.|Certainly. The Warkworth House is a 4 star, moderately priced guesthouse located in the east area. The address is Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee. The phone number is 01223363682.
Thank you. Does this guesthouse provide internet?|Yes, would you like me to book a stay for you today?
Right now I am just gathering information. What is it's price range, star of the hotel, and also is internet available?|It is moderately priced, 4 stars, and internet is available.
I'd also love to go to a swimming pool. Can you find me one?|In the same area, you'll find the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Patch.
Oh thank you for that information.  Are they reasonable?|Unfortunately I do not know the price. You can call them at 01223902088 for more information.
Okay, and what is the address and phone number for the Abbey Pool?|The phone number is 01223902088 and the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'd like you to book me a taxi from the Warkworth House to Abbey pool please.  I need to leave the hotel by 8:30.|I have a red ford contract number: 07657516003.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all. Thank you!|Great! Have a nice day! Goodbye!
I'm needing a 4 star guest house today.|Sure! We have 18 4 star guesthouses, would you like a specific part of town or price range?
Do you know if any of them offer free wifi?|I have 5 optionsd available,all have WiFi
I would like a a decent chinese restaurant|I have located 4 Chinese restaurants in the moderate price range.  Does this sound good?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and parking and has a 3 star rating.|You can stay at the Gonville Hotel in the Centre of town, or The Lensfield Hotel in the South of town. They are both expensive. Would you like one of those?
Possibly.  Does either include both free wifi and free parking?|They both have free parking and internet, would you like me to book a room for you?
No, please choose the best one. I need the area, postcode and address for them.|The Lensfield Hotel is located in the south, at 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en.
Are there any good bistro restaurants in the centre?|I'm unable to locate any Bistro options in the centre. Would you like help with anything else?
What about Indian cuisine?|We have a few restaurants of that cuisine, is there a price range you'd like to look for?
No price range preference. What is your recommendation?|then i will recommend saffron brasserie. it is a nice expensive restaurant. can i book for you?
That sounds great, could I get their address and phone number?|The address is Hills Road City Centre and the phone number is 012233574679.
Ok, that should be all for me. Thank you so much for all of your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'd like a train leaving from Norwich and arriving by 17:15, please.|Certainly!  First, can you confirm the day you are traveling and the destination you are traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on Saturday.|Sure how many tickets? First train leaves at 05:16 and the last 09:16. Do you have specific time in mind?
The train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 17:15. for 4 people|How about TR1156, it will depart Norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in Cambridge at 16:35? Does this work for your schedule?
That should work, can I please get a reference number? Also, I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that is 4 stars.|Booked!  fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: G5DHGHZV. Also do you have an area preference for the hotel?
No, but I would prefer a guest house.|We have 33 total entries that match you criteria, location varying from north, south, and east.  Would you like any more information on them?
Just any moderate guest house with 4 stars that you recommend.  I need it for 3 nights for my group.  For the same day we are traveling.|I've booked your group rooms at the Acorn Guesthouse for Saturday, staying 3 nights. Reference number is 8Y6XQ1PM. Need anything else today?
No that was all thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Yes, I was wondering if you could assist me in finding a train for Monday.|There are 2828 trains available Monday. Where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.|There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred time that you would like to arrive by?
Yes, I need to leave after 17:30, please. I don't need tickets right now, I'll just need the price, travel time, and train ID.|Of course! The best option is the TR7092 leaving at 17:59 with a duration of 88 minutes. The price is 16.60 pounds. How else may I assist you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay with free parking; I'm planning to rent a car during my stay.|I have found 29 hotels that fit your criteria for parking. What price range are you looking for?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is in the south.|There are three guesthouses in the south with free parking in the moderate and cheap price ranges. Do you have a star or price range preference?
Not really. Would you see if the highest rated, least expensive guesthouse has rooms for 5 nights for 6 people, beginning Wednesday?|I was able to book Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for you for 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. The reference number is RTITW2L5.
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need today.|It was my pleasure to help. You have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi I need a cheap hotel in the three star range, please.|There are no results in this area, but I could try and find something close to that if you'd like?
Ok.  I would like it to be a hotel and have free wifi please.|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel and has both free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am really looking for a hotel that is expensive. Does the Cambridge Belfry fit that description?|No.  The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel.
Hello, are there any moderate turkish restaurants in town?|I have found Anatolia, a Turkish restaurant that is moderately priced.
Is it located in the centre?|Yes it is. Shall I book it?
Yes, I need it to be booked for 5 at 17:30 on Friday. I'll also be needing the reference number for that please.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is VICZDB72. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels in the center that have 4 stars and wifi.  They also all have free parking and vary only in price.  2 expensive and 1 cheap.
What is the name of the cheap hotel?|The cheap hotel is The Cambridge Belfry. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please book that for me.I also need postcode, phone number, and area|What is the size of your party and how long will you be staying?
It would be for 5 people for three nights.|Phone: 01954714600	Postal code: cb236bw	Area: back lane, cambourne. Room has been booked for Friday, 6 people for 3 days.
Excellent, thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome.  Was there anything else I could help you with today?
No, thank you for your help! Goodbye!|You're welcome.  I'm glad I was able to help.  Goodbye.
Are there any guest houses currently available iin the moderately priced range?|Yes, I have 15 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
yes I would like to be in the north with the same requirements, thank you|I have nine guesthouses fitting this description. Do you have a preference on free wifi or parking?
It really doesn't matter but I'll need to know if the particular hotel has free parking and internet please.|That's completely fine!  Of the 9, 7 of them have 4 stars.  6 of those 7 have internet and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
I will hold off on the booking for now but thank you. I am also looking for a particular restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you give me details?|There is an italian restaurant by that name that is quite expensive. It is within the town centre, and also has a coffee bar.
Can you book a table for four on Thursday at 16:00?|You got it, your reference is RPXVZ9Z2. Thank you.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I need a train departing Cambridge and arriving by 08:00.|What is your destination and your departure day and time?
I would like to travel on Monday and arrive in Kings Lynn. It does not matter what time I depart.|Alright, you have three options: leaving at 5:11, 6:11, or 7:11. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes. I would like to book the 5:11. I also need the train ID and travel time.|No problem. It's 47 minutes long and the train ID is TR7964.
I'd also like to find a place to stay. Four stars, please, and on the west side of town.|Let me see. I have three options available, two are cheap and one is expensive. They all include free internet and parking.
Are any of them guesthouses?|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse with free internet and parking.  Would you like to book it?
Sure, I'll need it for 2 people, 2 nights, starting Saturday.|OK, you're booked for 2 nights at Finches, starting on Saturday. Reference #0XOCDLH2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, I have all I need.|Great, I'm glad you were able to get everything you needed. Call us again!
I'd like to find a cheap Indonesian restaurant. Can you help?|Unfortunately, we do not have any Indonesian restaurants.  Would you like Thai food?
What kind of restaurants are in the west that's cheap?|There is an Italian restaurant, La Margherita and a Vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh.  Would one of those work?
Yes, could you give me more info on the Vietnamese restaurant?|Their address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
could you give me their postcode?|Their postcode is  cb30af.  Would you like to book  a table?
No, that will be fine. I am needing help finding a hotel in a moderate price range with 4 stars and free parking. Can you help me with that?|I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down, what area are you looking to stay in?
how about the west ?|Sorry, there are no results. Maybe a different star rating or area would work?
Area doesn't actually matter. But if there are no results for a moderate 4 star type-hotel with parking, then try to find a cheap one instead|I have one result for you in the cheap pricerange. It is the cambridge belfry. Anything else today?
Great can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|Here is your reference number, SM7PEYSV. The booking is all set for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you.
I need to find information on home from home.|Sure, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Free parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. There will be 2 of us staying for 4 nights, and we'll arrive on Sunday.|I booked you and your Reference number is : LKDT8R8B. Is there anything else?
That is great. Thanks.|Can I help with anything more?
No, that will be all today. Thanks a bunch!|Have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the north part of town.|allenbell has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range?|I am not finding anything for allenbell that suit your needs
Then find me a place that DOES suit my needs.|How about home from home?  It is in the north, moderate pricing and free parking.
Is that a 4-star hotel?|It does not show how many stars it has. Shall i keep looking?
I'm fairly certain that it should show how many stars the hotel has.|I'm sorry, we actually don't have any hotels that fit your needs; however, Acorn Guest House meets your criteria.  Would you like to book that stay?
Okay, thank you! What is the star rating?|It has a rating of 4 stars.
That will do. Can you give me the information about the hotel?|acorn guest house is in the north with 4 	stars the # is 01223353888 postcode cb41da address 154 chesterton road
Sounds good.  Would you like me to make your reservation? if so, I'll need the dates you plan on staying.|Um, I should be asking you that. Would you like a booking?
Oh, silly me.  I used to be in customer service.  No, I don't need a reservation.  I am looking for places to go around there though.|What type of attraction are you looking at?
Any kind, whatever you recommend. It should be located in the north.|we have a variety
Any kind that you recommend, as long as it is located in the north. I just need to know the attraction type of the one you recommend. Please.|I understand you want one north. However, what type of entertainment are you searching for?
any that you can suggestfor me|We have a park, 2 swimming pools and a boat attraction in the north. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
Yes, please find more information on the park and boat attractions in the north.|Riverboat Georgina is the boat attaction. Milton County park is the park. Entrance to the park is free. What additional information can I provide?
that is enough for today thank you|You're very welcome! Have a lovely trip!
I'd like a place to say that is a guesthouse type, and includes free wifi.|There are many matches to your request. Do you have a preference in area or star rating?
I have no preference for area but I am looking for something with a 4 star rating and moderately priced.|I have 11 guesthouse hotels fitting this criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I would prefer a 4 star guesthouse please and I'll need the area and address please.|There are 11 matches that fit your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
No, no other preferences. What would you recommend?|I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north.  The address is 154 Chesterton Road.  Would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer something a little more south.|Aylesbray lodge guest house matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Ok, can you send me the address and area of Aylesbray lodge?  I am also looking for a restaurant called royal spice.|Aylesbray Lodge is in the south part of town and the address is 5 mowbray road.
I'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at 19:45 Tuesday.|The booking was successful and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EQ2EWQ22.
Can I book a taxi from Acorn Guest House to Aylesbray Lodge? It needs to get there by 19:45 Tuesday.|I was able to book your taxi. You will be in a White Skoda. If you need to contact them, the number is 07145741426. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Please let me know if I can be of any other assistance.  Enjoy your visit.
I would like to stay in a hotel that is moderately priced and includes free parking. Can you help?|Acorn guest house is available would you like to try that?
yes. can you please give me the address?|Certainly. Their address is 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da. Can I help with anything else?
Can you tell me how many stars that guesthouse is and the area of town?|The Acorn Guesthouse is a 4 star guesthouse located in the North. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I don't need to book at the moment, but I was interested in places to go in town.  What colleges are there to visit?|I have 18 different colleges. Do you have a certain area you would like?
Surprise me. I do need an address and the entrance fee.|christ's college at saint andrew's street and it's free.
What area is it in for reference?|Christ's College is located in the city centre.  Do you need any further information?
Nope, that's perfect. You've been very helpful.|Happy to help. Let us know if you need anything else. Thank you.
Hi, I'm looking for a place that offers free internet and parking.|We have quite a few like that. I could recommend Home From Home, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north. Or are there other factors that matter?
Just free wifi and free parking. Moderate priced and should be a guesthouse please.|If you tell me when you will be staying, how many people and for how many days, I can book you at he home from home?
There will be 5 of us staying for 2 nights. We would like to start on Sunday.|I'm sorry, there were no rooms available. Perhaps you'd like to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?|I was able to book you into Kirkwood house. Your reference number is ANO69RVP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh, wait, I think I made a mistake, we're actually arriving on Friday, not Sunday.|I was able to book a guest house called Acom guest house. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Reference number is 0RA8Y7GS. Would that work for you?
Yes that's great. Thanks so much!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks again for your help|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need some lodging accommodations. It needs to have free parking and Internet please!|I found 29 hotels matching your request.  What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I would like someone to book me a place with free parking and internet.|acorn guest house is located in 154 chesterton road should i book it for you?
Does it have four stars?|Yes it does. Shall I book?
Yes. Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|I've booked your stay at the Acorn Guest House, and your reference number is IT07BRTC.
Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a train going to Ely?|Do you know what day or time you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after 18:00.|TR5511 leaves Cambridge for Ely at 20.07.  Do you need tickets?
Not yet, but can you tell me what time the train arrives in Ely please?|It arrives by 20:07! Anything else love?
What is the total travel time on that time?|The trip will last 17 minutes. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That should do it. Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
Hi, I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive range.|Actually we don't show an expensive guesthouse in the database.  What area are you interested in?  Can I interest you in an expensive hotel?
Yes. I would like a hotel with free parking.|I do not show any results meeting that criteria. Would you be interested in a 4 star hotel instead?
no thanks, what about something in the moderate range?|My apologies.  We actually have several expensive hotels with free parking.  For example, the Gonville Hotel is in city centre and has free parking.
That would be fine can you give me the address, postcode and phone number please?|The address is gonville place	and the postcode is cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223366611
Great, thanks. I need a train as well - it needs to leave on friday after 17:45.|Where will you be departing and what is your destination?
I'd like to leave on friday after 17:45. From birmingham new street going to cambridge|The TR8903 departs at 18:40 and arrives at 21:23.
Please book it for 4 people.|You and your party are booked on TR8903. Your reference number is TGU3C02J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be everything today.|Thank you for contacting us, if you need further assistance do not hesitate to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
You to, thanks for the help!|Thank you. Good bye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the east.|great, i have three options for you.
If it helps, I do not have to have internet. Please tell me my options.|Allenbell is available, would that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please, for 5 people on saturday.|How many nights will you be staying?
5 nights, and I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TJLZZC10. Will there be anything else today?
I also need a train to Peterborough.|Can you please give me the departure point, the day and time you want to leave?
I'm leaving Cambridge on Thursday and need to be in peterborough by 21:45.|How about TR2178? It arrives 21:24.
That's good. Could you please tell me the price and departure time?|The price is 16.50 pounds. Departure time is at 20:34. Would you like me to books seats for you?
no, thanks for your help though!|you are welcome, any time.
I am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a guesthouse style.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Does that include free wifi?|They do indeed provide complimentary Internet access. Would you like to make a reservation?
Just one more question:  Is it in the moderate prince range?  If so, please give me their address.  If not, I need something moderately priced.|Yes, it is. It's located on 154 chesterton road, cb41da. Would you like a room?
No thanks. Not at this time. I would appreciate some help finding a train to get me to Ely though.|Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and on what day and time?
I would like to leave after 15:15 on Thursday.|We have a train departing Cambridge at 15:50, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes that works great. Can you book 2 tickets for that train and give me the reference number?|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0BMD920.
Great. That's all I needed. Thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I want to find a place to dine located in the north and moderately priced.|We have two options for you to choose from, would you prefer Chinese or Indian cuisine?
It doesn't matter , please send me an address and postcode for one of them.|Golden Wok Chinese, cb43hlm, 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a hotel called Autumn House?|Autumn House is located on 710 newmarket road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just the phone number, thanks!|Their phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I am looking for a hotel called autumn house, do you happen to have their phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223575122
Excellent. That's all I need, thanks!|Have a lovely day!
Can you find me a guesthouse that includes wi-fi?|I have 23 guesthouses with wifi. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
Not a particular area, but I would like free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses offering both wifi and parking. Are you looking for a specific price range or star rating?
No, I'm not particular about the price or rating. I do need it available Thursday for 3 nights for 3 people.|I booked a room at the Allenbell guesthouse on Coldham Lane.  The reference number is 7QVODJMI.  Can I be of any other assistance to you?
No thank you. Thank you for the reference number 7QVODJMI. Goodbye.|Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.|There are several. May I recommend Emmanuel College? They are located on Saint Andrew's Street and have no entrance fee.
ok. What is their phone number?|Their number is 01223334200.
I also need a hotel to stay in.|What type of hotel are you looking for?
I need a HOTEL in the cheap price range.|Then you want the cambridge belfry, would you like me to book you a stay?
Does it have free parking?|There is free parking.
Okay. Please book a stay starting on Tuesday for 4 nights and 3 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YJQS3BTA.
thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I would like to visit some colleges or universities in Cambridge. Can you make some recommendations?|We have 18 colleges open to visitors. Christ's College and Churchill College are popular choices, and they're free to enter.
Could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for Churchill College?|I can! It is in the west at Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds. Phone 01223336233. Need anything else?
Yes please. I need a place to crash. I'm thinking a 4 star guesthouse.|I see one place that is a match for you; Finches bed and breakfast on the west side of town (for your convenience) the price is cheap. If you would like I can make you a booking?
What is the address and post code?|The address is 144 Thornton Road, and the post code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does that hotel include free wifi?|Yes Finches Bed and Breakfast does have free wifi.
Great that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I need some help finding a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.|We have two guesthouses, one in the north and one in the east both are priced moderately, can I help with any other questions?
I prefer the north.|Ok, that would be Avalon guesthouse. Do you want to book a room there?
Yes, please. 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9ZVM9EPE. anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm sorry, I just remembered I'm looking for an attraction as well. Can you help?|sure, what would you like to know?
I would like something near the Avalon guesthouse.|I have many attractions in that area.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?|How about a boating attraction. The Riverboat Georgina would be nice. Would you like additional information?
Yes please! Could I get their entrance fee and address?|I'm sorry but you will have to go there in person to see the fee, but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Could I have the phone number as well?|sure it is 01223902091
Thank you very much. That is all I needed.|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Please find me a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|Would you prefer to stay in the north, west, centre, or east section of the city?
I would like a place in the north.|There are two hotels in the north that fit your criteria - The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book one of these?
Are either of them a 4 star? That's what I'm looking for. What are their postcodes?|There are no 4 star hotels in this area.
Okay well I need free parking and wifi. do either one of these hotels have those amenities?|I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I try something else?
Could you pick a hotel in the north with free wifi and parking for me and send me the postcode please.|There are none with that criteria in the area. Would you like to change the perimeters slightly and I shall try again?
How about just a place in the north with a 4 star rating?|Would you like a hotel or guest house?
A hotel with free wifi and parking on the north side.|I'm sorry but we have no hotels on the north side meeting your criteria.  Could we try another area?
no it will be inconvenient for me|Sorry I couldnt help good bye
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north area.|There are 11 available. Would you like to further search by price range and number of stars?
That would need helpful yes, however I need the hotel to also offer free parking!|I have found 9 guesthouses fitting this criteria. Do you have a preference on price or stars?
Yes, please tell me the star ratings.|The majority of guesthouses available in the North have four stars, with the exception of one guesthouse with 3 stars and one guesthouse with 0 stars.
I would like a place in the North part of town, and its phone number. I also need a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.|Let's get your table booked first please. How about Chinese? The Hakka has great cuisine.
I am actually looking to eat lebanese food.|I'm sorry there are no results for lebanese food in the north that are expensive. Would you like to try another area, or a different cuisine?
How about Chinese then?|There are 2 expensive chinese restaurants in the north. The Hakka is located at Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, can I get a phone number, address, and reference number?|Hakka is located at Milton Road Chesterton, cb41jy. The phone number is 01223568988. Can I help with anything else today?
I need a place to stay in the north area.|What is your price range?  What type of hotel are you looking for? Will you need internet?
The hotel should be in a moderate price range.|We have nine guesthouses and two hotels in the north with moderate price ranges.
I would like one with 2 stars and free parking.|There are 2 hotels, the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you are searching for. Would you like more information or to book one of these?
Please book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I've booked you a room at Ashley Hotel for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Friday. Your reference number is 5YAY9T1K. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like information on jesus college|Yes sure Jesus College is located on Jesus Lane in the city's center and is free to enter. Their telephone number is 01223339485.
Thank you for the information. That's what I needed to know.|Do you need any further help with booking?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the college that leaves the hotel by 08:45|What time do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:00 please.|I have booked a taxi that can take you there at that time. It is a black toyota. The contact number is 07886371785. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank is all. Goodbye|Have a great evening.
I need to get to cambridge on friday.|There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge, what is your starting destination?
I need a train that departs from stevenage on Friday. It should arrive in Cambridge by 11:00|Certainly, the train that arrives right before 11 is TR2860 arrives by 10:43. Shall I book it, if so how many riders will there be?
What is the departure and travel time please?|It departs at 9:54 and arrives at 10:43. That gives you about 15 minutes to spare. Is that alright?
Yes. I also need a place to stay please.|i have 33 hotels, what area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like something moderate priced that includes wifi.|That leave us with 17 choices. Do you care whether it's a normal hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like it to be a guesthouse please.|The acorn guest house fits your criteria as well as includes free parking - would you like me to book for you?
Yes I will need that for 2 people for 5 nights for Friday please. I also need the reference number.|Booking was successful for your stay at acorn guest house starting Friday. Your reference number is : 8IGOI38R.  Is any further assistance needed?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|Fantastic! Have a lovely visit! Goodbye!
I'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called Bridge Guest House. Do you know where this place is at?|yes it is located in 151 hills road. anything else?
Yes I would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from Thursday and would like a reference number after doing so.|I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is S770N2F9. What kinds of restaurants are you hoping to try?
I would like chinese food please?|I found several all over town. I can narrow the options down based on what part of town you prefer.
I would like to be in the centre|I have 10 restaurants available.  What price range would you prefer?
A cheap place please.|how about charlie chan? sounds lovely.
that sounds good to me. i want you to book it for me|Okay. I need to know the day, time, and number of people you would like to book a reservation for?
I need the reservation for 6 people at 14:00 please.|What day would you like the restaurant for please?
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on thursday, please.|I have made your reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Thursday for Charlie Chan. Your reference number is 3QUDNYHJ. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before 14:00.|Okay. I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07801886354
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
Can you find a restaurant for me that is southern and is in the mid price range?|I found Pizza hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum for you.
Does either one serve Hungarian food? I'd like Hungarian food.|Unfortunately there are no Hungarian restaurants in the area. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian and restaurant alimentum serves modern european if those interest you.
restaurant alimentum sounds interesting. Could you give me more information about this location?|Restaurant Alimentum is moderately priced.  They are located at 152-154 Hills Road.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like a table for 2 on Wednesday.|What time would you like the reservation to be for?
I would like to dine at 13:30 and I also need the reference number.|You reservation is made for 13:30 and your reference number is X1UVXL1X. Can I help you with anything else?
I also am looking for a place to stay, it will need to be on the east side and have free parking, I don't need internet.|Sure on the east side with free parking how about allenbell, autumn house, carolina bed and breakfast, or leverton house all guesthouses.
Any of those could work. You decide.|Let's choose autumn house. Do you have a preference for a time of day and for how long?
Sure, i want 3 nights starting Wednesday please.|Alright, your room has been booked at the Autumn House for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is RDXXH6Q8.
Thank you for all your help. That sounds perfect.|You are quite welcome. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a Tuesday train to from Peterbourough.|If your are going to cambridge the first train leaves at 05:19 and the last at 07:19, any particular time and how many tickets please?
I need one ticket please and for leaving at 16:15,thank you.|Let me confirm this information:  Are you leaving from Peterborough at around 16:15 and going to Cambridge on Tuesday?
Yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 16:15, please.|There's a train, TR5267, which leaves Peterborough at 16:19, arr. Cambridge 17:09. It's 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for one person and provide the reference number.|All booked. Your reference number is LBUHU6M3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me book a hotel called el shaddai?|What day would you like to stay at the el shaddai?
Right now I just need their phone number and to know if they have internet or not please.|Sure they do have internet and their phone number is 01223327978.
Thank you! That's all for me. Goodbye!|Glad I could help. Let me know if there's ever anything else you need.
Hi, I'm looking for a theatre in town.|I have several theatres in town; most are in the center and there's one on the south side. Do you have a preference?
Not particularly. Which do you recommend? If you can provide an address, and info on entrance fees for your favorite, that would be great, thanks.|There is a nice theatre in the centre called Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. There are no entrance fee's listed. Would you like the phone number?
That's all, I also need some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house.|What would you like to know?
I just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting wednesday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Can I book it for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about trying the booking for 2 nights instead?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is VEKFOWW6. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the Mumford Theatre.|Certainly.  When do you want to leave by?  Thanks.
I want to leave the hotel by 23:45, please. I will need the contact number and car type as well.|Look for a red skoda at 23:45. Contact number is 07203451236
Thank you. That's all I needed today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Enjoy your trip!
i need a place to stay|OK, what price point do you want me to look for?
Price range doesn't really matter, but I do want a 4-star place with free parking and internet.|I have 19 hotels that match that criteria. please be more specific about the area of town where you'd like to stay
The area doesn't matter. Please book for 6 people on Saturday with 4 nights stay.|Do you prefer a formal hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you give me a suggestion for a hotel and make that reservation please? Thanks.|Booking was successful at the alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number is : MDB2AV4K
I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge on sunday.|I can help with that. What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to go to stevenage by 14:00.|You can take train TR8464 to arrive there in time.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FCZJMTAI.
I am also looking for a place to stay.|I'll be glad to help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
Somewhere in the north, with 4 stars, free parking, and expensive.|i don't have anything that fits those criteria, would you like me to look for something else?
Can you try those same things but in the moderate price range?|That bring sup six results, I recommend the home from home guesthouse, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, could I book one for 4 nights starting from Wednesday?|Sure! For how many people?
2 people and 1 dog|Your room has been booked. Your reference number HPLM0SM6.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Not a problem. You have a great day, as well!
Hi there! I need a place to stay in Cambridge, and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 2 star hotels in town?|Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both good options with moderate price range. we also have Express by Holiday inn Cambridge in an expensive price range, which one could you prefer?
I would prefer Lovell Lodge, thank you.|Lovell Lodge is found in 365 milton road postcode  cb41sr can i book it for you?
Yes, that would be great.  I need accommodations for 6 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.|I'm sorry, that isn't available for your stay?  Would you be able to arrive a different day, or perhaps shorten your stay?
Yeah, can you try for 2 nights then?|You're all set!  I've got you booked for two nights starting Sunday.  Your reference number is 8UWYWJNX.  Enjoy!
Thanks, I'm going to need some info on the Cambridge Punter as well.|The Cambridge Punter is a boating attraction in the center of town. They are located at 251a Chesterton Road in postcode cb41as.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Are there any swimming pools that I can go to in Cambridge?|Yes, there are several did you have a specific area in mind?
No. I would just like you to recommend one and give me the area, number and how much it cost to get in.|I can't help you with the cost, you would have to call about that.  I recommend Parkside Pools in the centre.  You can call them at 01223446100.
Can you call them for me please? You are supposed to be customer service?|We can book hotels, restaurants, trains, and taxis for you and provide information about places, but we do not actually call attractions them for you ourselves.
i'm looking for a place to stay|What area of town would you like to stay? What price range?
I am looking for a 4 star hotel in the Centre. Internet is not necessary but I will accept one that has it.|I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive and in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|SI booked you at the university arms hotel. Your reservation is POY0JCRA on Thursday.
Thanks! That is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. I would also like the train to go to peterborough.|Ok, I have 38 trains heading to Peterborough on Sunday. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 15:00.|Sure, there are plenty of trains that you could take.  The first is at 15:34, then 16:06, and there are many more.  Is there a time that's best?
The 15:34 sounds perfect. Could you book me tickets for 2?|I have booked 2 seats on TR4558.  The cost is 13.20 pounds.  Train leaves cambridge sunday at 16:06.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you, I also need to find a room.|Is there a specific area you'd like me to search?
No, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. I would like it to be a 2 star hotel.|There are 3 matches for your preferences. I recommend Ashley Hotel.
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday. I'll need a reference number.|Ok.  The booking was successful and your reference number is PFMOZLXC.
Thanks, that takes care of all my needs for today. Bye!|Great, it was a pleasure assisting you! Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi.|There are 32 hotels with free wifi, do you have any other things you require in a hotel?
I would like a four star hotel, and I don't need free parking.|How about a and b guest house, unless you have any other specifics.
Could you recommend me a hotel that is cheap?|How about the autumn house? It has 4 stars, is in the cheap price range and has internet.
Hmm, let me see...I think maybe a moderately priced 4 star hotel might be better. Do you show any availabe?|I would recommend the Acorn Guesthouse which is 4 stars, moderately prices and offers both free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. Can I book 8 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday?|You are all booked at the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is LXMFRZLR.  Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre.|Certainly, there are 44 attraction in the town centre, do you have a type of attraction you would like to visit?
Are there any museums available?|there are a total of 79 attractions in Centre  what type of attraction that you are looking for?
I don't have any in particular.  What would be the highest rated attraction in that area?|I don't have rating information, but Castle Galleries in nice, and admission is free.  Would that interest you?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode for Castle Galleries?|Yes the postcode is cb23bj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  That's all I needed.  Thanks!|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help finding a place to stay.|Certainly, do you have any special requests or preferences?
I would love a guesthouse but I do need wifi. Do you have any like that?|We have 23 Guesthouses that have free wifi, is there a particular area you want to stay in?
No the area doesn't matter, and I know this sounds strange but I'm looking for a guesthouse with a 1 star rating.|Those are all booked for the year due to events is a hotel okay?
Could you possible check in the surrounding areas? I might as well also get a list of 2 star rated hotels. Do you mind?|I have 3 hotels that have a 2 star rating.  Two are located in the north and one in the east, do you have a preference of area?
Okay, how about the one in the est please?|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is the one in the east. Do you need any info on it?
Yes I would like to book it for 4 nights for 1 person from Saturday.|Okay, I will work on booking this for you and be right back with you.
May i get the reference number?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is HF0MER2O.
Great thanks I also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 05:00|OK, where are we taking the taxi to?  Did we also need to book a restaurant or find an attraction?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00. Going to the attraction.|First we need to find you a attraction then we could book your taxi I think.
somewhere in the south, sorry need the phone # and admission fee|The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park and theatre. Which do you prefer?
Can you make a recommendation?|I would recommend tenpin, which is an entertainment venue in the south. It's a lot of fun.
Great, can I have the phone number and reference fee.|Just so I can get you the right information, are you interested in Byard art or tenpin?
Please send info on tenpin. Thanks for the help.|Unfortunately I don't have any information about their entrance fee but if you call them at 08715501010, they'll tell you. Will that be all today?
Thank you for the help. That's all for now.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
My best friend told me about a great place they stayed at. It was called Finches Bed and Breakfast. Can you tell me a little about that place?|I would be happy to get you that information. It's a guest house located in the west area of town. What else would you like to know?
I think I am ready to book. Can you get me a booking for 8 people for 4 nights, starting from Sunday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PEA9MNU6. Will that be all for today?
Actually, I need some information on a train heading into Cambridge.|Where will you be traveling from?
I want to leave Bishops Stortford and arrive in Cambridge by 12:00, please.|TR2061 arrives by 06:07. Will that do?
Yes please book that for 8 people and provide me with the reference number.|Okay, you're all set. I've booked your trip on train TR2061. The total cost is 80.8 GBP, payable at the station, and the reference number is HI5QN7N7.
Thank you so much!  You're very helpful and I appreciate all your work.  I'm looking forward to this trip!|Do you need a taxi to or from anywhere?
nope, leave me alone now please|Okay, well have a great day.
Thank you! Bye!|I'm glad I could help you today.  Good bye.
Could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of cheap?|The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs. It has free parking and free internet too!
Is that a guesthouse? I really want a guesthouse rather than a hotel.|No, I'm sorry the cambridge belfry is a hotel. What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star guesthouse.|The Autumn House is a great guesthouse on the east area of town, also includes free wifi and internet, and seems to be just what you are looking for.
Sounds great, what is the address to that guesthouse?|710 newmarket road
Great! That's all I need today. Thank you.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hello, I need to find a place to stay for the night. I'd rather be in the north than the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate sum.|I have several guesthouses available. Would the acorn guest house work for you?
Does that have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Could I please have the address?|Sure. Acorn Guest House is on 154 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a moderate place to eat, same area as my hotel.|There is a Chinese restaurant, as well as an Indian restaurant, in that area.  Which do you prefer?
Can I have the address for the Chinese place?|The address for the Golden Wok Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address for the Indian restaurant?|The address for the Indian restaurant is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I need a place to stay while I'm in Cambridge. Can you recommend some place in the centre of town?|Sure, do you have a specific price range in mind?
in the moderate price range please with free parking|I'm sorry, the only moderately priced hotel does not have free parking. However, there is a 4 star inexpensive hotel that has both free wifi and parking?
How about one in the north area?|There are 7 guest houses and 2 hotels that are in the north in the moderate price range.  Do you have a preference for type or number of stars?
I'll take the first one you have listed, and I need to know the star rating, phone number, and postcode please.|The acorn guest house meets your criteria.  It is 4 stars, phone number 0122335388, and postcode is cb41da.  Shall I book a room for you?
No I just needed that information. I am also looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge.|Ok, and what day would you be traveling?
Sunday, thank you.|What time would you like to depart Peterborough?
I want to leave after 11:45.|Train TR9345 leaves at 12:19 and arrives at 13:09. Would you like to book it?
Not right now, but I do need the travel time and fare, please.|The travel time is 50 minutes and the fare is 13.20 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That was all, thank you for your help today!|You are very welcome! Have a safe travel!
Thank you for you help>|Not a problem at all.
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food please.|i'm sorry but there are no molecular gastronomy restaurants within this area. sorry about that.
How about modern european food?|There is one. De Luca Cicina and Bar located in the centre. Does that work for you?
That works just fine. Book it for myself at 17:30 on Tuesday if that's available.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to try for another day or time slot?
Do they have an opening at 16:30, by any chance?|Yes that certainly worked! You're booked for 16:30 on Tuesday and your reservation number is IBFE4S17.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay at. I don't need free parking.|I have 3 guesthouses that meet your criteria. One is in the east and the other 2 in the north, which area would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I would prefer a 3 star one.|The alpha-milton guest house is the only place matching your criteria.
That one sounds perfect. Can I get the address for the alpha-milton guesthouse please.|The address is 63 milton road. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is great. Thanks for all your help.|No problem at all! Keep us in mind when you need a hand!
Where is a good cheap Singaporean place to eat?|My system isn't showing anything, do you have a particular name or any alternative type restaurants you would like me to try?
Is there anything that is cheap, and in the south that could serve Singaporean food?|Sorry there is not restaurant matching your request available. Would you like to select a different food type to see what we can find?
Yes, can you find me a cheap place to eat serving chinese food?|The Lucky Star is cheap and serves Chinese food.
That'll be great. Can I get the phone number, address, and postcode to that please?|The phone number is 01223244277, address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and postcode is cb17dy.
I also am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There are a total of 21 hotels in cambridge with a 4 star rating. Would you prefer a certain price range or location?
I am looking for a cheap place in the south.|There are no hotels meeting those criteria in the south however Rosa's Bed and Breakfast guesthouse with 4 stars priced cheap is available.
OK, a guesthouse will be fine.|Great! What day would you like to book? Anything else you want to share?
I don't wish to book. Can I just get the postcode and phone number?|The phone number for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi to bring me between the two? I am wanting to leave the hotel by 16:45. Also can I have the contact number and car type?|I was able to book that for you. The car type is a White Honda and the contact number is 07321469386. Is there anything else I can help with?
Great thank you that's all that I needed today.|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm looking for information in Cambridge......Oh, I should tell you what I'm looking for!  How silly of me!   Can you please give me some information on cineworld cinema?|sure thing it is located in the south I cannot disclose any admission fee's though I am sorry
What is the postcode?|The postcode for Cineworld Cinema is CB17DY. Is there anything else you want to know?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the north, just a 0 star hotel is fine.|Well, city centre north b and b should meet your standards, shall I book you?
Does it have free wifi and free parking?|Yes, this hotel provides both of those amenities. Would you like to book a room with me now?
Yes, that would be great, thank you.  I need it for 5 nights starting Sunday, and for 6 people.|Ok, your reservation has been made! Reference number IRIC8LC3. Can I be of any further help?
That's everything I need.|Great. I am happy to hear that. Message me if you need any more assistance.
I also need a taxi.  Can you help with that?|Certainly. What side of town will you be leaving from?
Well I'll be leaving from the cineworld cinema traveling to the city centre north b and b hotel you've just booked for me.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the hotel by 21:15 to get to cineworld cinema, please.|Would you like me to book the taxi for you?
Yes that would be great and I need a reference number and number of taxi|The car type of your taxi is a yellow honda anf its contact number is 07342405869.
thank you so much for helping|You're welcome!  Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel that was recommended. It's called the Cambridge Belfry?|I have one listing for the cambridge belfry, the phone number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes I need to make a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|I'm sorry, there aren't any rooms available at the cambridge belfry. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes, please find one that is close to it.|There are 4 others in the west area,what price range are you looking for?
In the same price range as the Belfry. Can I get the reference number too?|I have booked you at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Reference number is : J9AW7GHH Is there anything else you need help with?
No thank you. Goodbye.|Okay. Glad I could help.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|I have two that fit that description, would you prefer Chinese or Portuguese?
Either one. I just need it to be open on Sunday.|Okay, lets do the Lucky Star. Would you like a reservation?
I would like that. A table for 8 at 12:00.|I have booked a table for 8 at the Lucky Star. The reference number is IILATPJI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It should have free parking.|The acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for the same group of people, 2 nights, and starting on the same day.|Your hotel reservation number is D6UOJ6SH, for Sunday, 8 people for two nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i dont think so. i think thats all. take care. bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What kind of information were you looking for?
I would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. It must include free wifi. But I'm cheap as all get out, so nothing too pricey.|I have a few that match, do you have a location preference?
The area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 4 nights.|That shouldn't be a problem. What day would you like to begin your stay?
from Thursday.|alexander bed and breakfast would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
It'll be very good if you can include alexander bed and breakfast but need to be in a reasonable price.|alexander bed and breakfast is ideal for you.
Can you help me to locate a free attraction near the hotel?|There are many in the centre of town,what type are you looking for a church,or swimming or a park ?
Can you tell me if warkworth house hotel has wifi.|Yes I can confirm that Warkworth house has internet, can I help with anything else?
Do they have free parking, and what is their phone number?|Yes, and their phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, thank you.|Sure.  Glad to help.
Would you be able to help me find a room that has free wifi?|I certainly can. Do you have additional preferences?
I'm looking for a guesthouse, and I misspoke earlier. I actually don't care about the internet, but I do need free parking.|I have 21 guest houses, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter.|Ok. The acorn guest house is in the north part of town in the moderate price range. Would that work?
Yes. I would like to book that for 4 people for 4 nights staring on Wednesday.|Sorry, it was unavailable at that time. Perhaps you might want another day or a shorter stay?
Can you get it for 2 nights?|The reservation for 2 nights was successful. Your reference number is UKSVUD20. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all, thank you .|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay.|You're in luck, we have lots of places you can stay at! Do you have an area preference or a price range that you want to stick to?
I'd like to stick to the cheap price range please in the Centre.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is a cheap 4 star in centre.
Does it have a star rating of 4?|yes, it has a four star rating.
Awesome, please book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday|How many people are in your party?
Just one.|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : PV4MAEDL. is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east. What ever you recommend. I need the postcode and address as well.|I would suggest curry prince. Address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postcode cb58jj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
that will be fine. i also want a taxi to commute between the to places.|What are your departure and arrival sites and times?
it should leave the restaurant by 14;00|For how many, and when would you like to arrive?
Also please provide me with contact number and car type.|Booking was successful! Your car is a white ford and you can contact them at 97556660882 should you need to.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Okay have a great day and a great trip!
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the north|There are several that offer free parking in the north, do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced one, and I also need free wifi.|I have 9 different places for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel please.|Ashley hotel looks like a good choice.
ok i would like to book it for thursday for 2 people  for 3 night im also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel|Booking was successful reference number is I53II5MX. There are several restaurants is there any food preference?
Great. I also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for 19:00.|I'd love to help you find a place to eat. What kind of food do you like, and is there any part of town you prefer to dine in?
I don't care about the type of cusine, I'd like it to be in the moderate range in the north.|There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the North. Where would you like to go?
Let's go with the chinese place. Can you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 19:00?|I have your table reserved at the Golden Wok for Thursday at 19:00.  The reference number is 5ZZI5FKL.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you, that's all.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a great afternoon. Goodbye.
I'd like to find a train leaving from Ely to go to Cambridge, please.|What day will you travel?
I need to arrive by 11:45 on Saturday.|We have 3 trains, TR0554 leaves at 09:35 and arrives at 9:52, would you like me to book you a trip?
That fits my schedule, yes please reserve 6 tickets for us, and let me know the reference number when you have it.|Okay, your all set! Reference number is Z34WGFK7. Cost of the tickets are 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else today?
I also need to book a hotel as well, called the Lensfield hotel.|Sure, I can help you with that. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
A total of 6 people and for 2 nights starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, that day is not available or you would need a shorter stay is there anything else I could do instead?
Could you try one night instead of two?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : C52VRAL6. Anything else?
That is wonderful. I think I am all set for now. Goodbye for now.|Can I interest you in a place to eat while you're town?  We have many great restaurants.  If you need reservations please let us know.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a 3 star lodging with free parking.|I have 5 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
I think I would like it near the centre. Does it have free parking? I would like the price range to be cheap but at least a 3 star hotel.|I have a listing for gonville hotel but it is expensive, I have looked in other areas and the cheapest are moderate.
What hotels are available in the moderate price range?|I'm sorry there are no hotel that are moderate in the Centre of the city. Would you like a different part of town?
No. Are there any guest houses in that range?|I'm afraid not. Perhaps a different star rating?
I'm sorry. Could you just find me one with free parking, a 3 star, moderate. I don't care where it is located.|There are 3 including bridge guest house.
OK, can you book me for 1 person for 5 nights starting on sunday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.|Do you care whether it is in the same area or not?
No, the area is not important. Just the same price range, if you can find anything.|I have you booked at Hamilton Lodge. The reference number is TGSVA9OC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Enjoy your stay at the hamilton lodge. Have a great day.
I am coming to cambridge and heard about a bed and breakfast called finches.|It is a lovely guesthouse on the west end boasting cheap prices and a 4 star rating! Would you like their address or phone number perhaps?
I actually would like to book the hotel for 7 people starting on Tuesday for 3 nights.|I was able to book your party of 7 at Finches bed and breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 4R76GWVJ.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Can you also help me find a train on Fridya?|Of course. There are many available Friday. Where will you be traveling to and from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to norwich.|Is there a time you would like to arrive before?
Yes, I would like to arrive before 5:00 PM.|Train TR7747 leaves at 15:36 and arrives in Norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book you tickets?
I apologize, I actually need to leave after 16:30|No problem, but I'm afraid there are no trains leaving after 16:30 and arriving by 17:00. Might I suggest TR7047, which leaves Cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in Norwich by 17:55?
Yes, that sounds great. Please book that for me.|OK, the booking for successful. The total is 17.6 GBP and the reference number is MIMOPEN1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, no that will be all.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a park.|sure there are five parks in town
Could I get the address and phone number for one please?|Sure, the Milton Country Park is located at milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Post code is cb46az.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in, preferably something 0 stars.|I have 3 choices for you. Two are guesthouses and I have 1 hotel. The guesthouses are cheap and the hotel is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I prefer something in the cheap price range.|The city centre north b and b is a 0 star, cheap guesthouse in centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Let me think about it.|thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|I have 18 results. What price range would you like?
Money is no object, but I'd like it to be a 4 star location please. And I'd only like to stay on the north side of town.|I have about 8 different options. Most are moderately priced. There is one that is cheap. Do you have a preference as to which?
I need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or shorter length of stay?
Yeah, how about for one day? Please get me the reference number if that works|Which hotel would you like of the available choices?
Whatever is available. But I would prefer a guesthouse with free parking.|Arbury Lodge guesthouse is able to accommodate your party of 7 for Thursday night. Your reference number is 7PLMHREX. Is there anything else you need?
No, that about covers everything. Thanks for your help.|Excellent. Take care!
I need a train from Stevenage that would leave after 10:45.|What day would you be traveling on? And where would you be heading to?
I would be travelling on Monday and heading TO Stevenage FROM Cambridge. I'm sorry, I stated that wrong the first time.|THere is a train that leaves at 11:21 and then trains that leave every two hours after that.  Does one of those sound best?
Yes, I would like to take the one at 11:21. Can you give me the train ID, travel time, and price for that train?|I have successfully booked a seat on TR6930.  The fee is 12.8 GBP and reference number is MWJYC3CD.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel.|can you give me more specifications on the hotel you need?
A guesthouse with free parking would be great.|How does the Allenbell sound? Would you like more information?
I need the hotel for 6 people, 3 nights starting Friday. I also need a reference number|We got that booked for you.  Your reference number is NBY8UOS8.
Thank you for your time.|You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No.  That is all. Thank you.|Have a wonderful trip.
I need help finding a hotel that has free wifi and parking, can you help?|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are moderately priced hotels, and the Express by Holiday Cambridge, Gonville Hotel, and Huntingdon Marriot are more expensively priced. All have parking and wifi.
Actually, are any of these 4 star rated?|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a four star hotel.
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday?  There are 7 of us.|Yes I have done so and your reference number is U2UTF524.
I'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the centre and in the expensive range.|The bedouin features african cusine and is located in the centre in the	expensive range.
Is there anything that serves Turkish food?|Yes there is the meze bar restaurant would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the phone number.|I'm sorry, but Meze Bar Restaurant's phone number is not listed.
I need a taxi  from Huntingdon Marriott Hotel to Meze Bar Restaurant|What time do you want to leave the hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need to leave the restaurant by 13:00. I will also need the contact number and car type of the taxi.|Sure thing. A yellow Honda will be outside waiting for you. The driver's contact number is 07929295523. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?|Yes, there are 15 places that are moderately priced guesthouses. Is there a certain area of town that you prefer?
I'd prefer something in the center of town that has free wifi.|I apologize but we don't have anything that fits your criteria. Would you like to change the area or try a hotel?
Oh, that's a bummer. Ok, how about trying in the north?|Of course! I have 8 options: 7 of which have 4 stars and 1 has 3 stars. Would you like more information?
The stars don't matter. Please book one for 3 people for 5 nights, starting Sunday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Will any other length of stay or starting day be possible?
Let's try to start on Monday.|I'm sorry, but there's nothing available starting on Monday.
I actually would like it to be on Sunday for 2 nights.|I have reserved 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday at the Acorn Guest house which is in the north of the city, is moderately priced and has internet. Reference K0RIYU4Z.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye.|Goodbye. Have a great day!
I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 11:30.|Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?|The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.|We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria.  Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks|I would recommend the lensfield hotel. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?|How many people should I book this for?  What day?  How many days will you be staying?
Book it for 8 people and 4 nights. We will be checking in on Thursday.|ok, the booking was successful.
Reference number is : N9Y9Q569. can i help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Enjoy your stay.
Hi I'm looking for some interesting attractions, especially museums on the west side|Would you know the name of the musem?
yes and could like to get the post code|How about the cafe jello gallery, postcode cb30af?
That sounds nice.  Also, can you give me information about The Lensfield Hotel?|sure, what would you like to know?
I actually need a reservation for 1 person for 5 nights on wednesday|I made a reservation for you at the lensfield hotel. Your reference is RVYQN9I6. Please let me know if you need anything else.
That is everything I need.|I'm glad we could be of service today! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.|Do you want to stay in a specific area of town? And would you be fine staying at a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in the centre of town. A guest house is fine.|It looks like we don't have anything moderately priced in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, how about the north?|we have quite a few when are you planning your stay?
Great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. There will be 2 in my party|I was able to book the acorn guesthouse for 3 nights for 2. Reference number is EAFYZ0VC. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888. Will you need anything else today?
Yes. I want to go from Cambridge to Peterborough by train.|There are 266 trains matching your query. What day will you be traveling?
I will travel Saturday after 17:45|Okay, I see 12 options here. Would you like me to reserve tickets for you?
Yes, please book the tickets and I need the reference number.|How many tickets will you need on this trip?
I will need 2 tickets please.|Okay, I reserved your tickets. The ref. is R9SEDNSD
Can I get the train ID and departure time for the one you chose?|The train id is TR7918 and it departs at 18:06. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thanks, that is all.|Your welcome. Have a lovely trip and day!
I'm planning a trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with that?|Okay, what is the price range and what area would you like to stay in?
I am looking for something in the cheap price range in the centre of town.|There is alexander bed and breakfast it's a 4 star guesthouse that's in your price range. Would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Can you please book it? I'd like to stay for five nights beginning on Saturday. It's just me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : US44VVX2.
Great thanks for all your assistance!|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm also looking for information on an attraction called nusha.|Yes, Nusha is entertainment in the south. I do not know the entrance fee, but the phone # is 01223902158.
What is the address?|they are at unit g6 cambridge leisure park, clifton road, anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two.  I want to leave Nusha by 03:00.  Can you book and get me the contact and car type?|I have you in a Blue Lexus. Contact them at 07671538206. What else may I do for you?
Could you verify for me that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast has free wifi and free parking? If not, I'll need to change my reservation.|It does! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the information I need today.|Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Good bye.
I need a hotel. It needs to be a three star and I don't need parking. Can you find me accommodations?|We have just the place! It is called alpha-milton guest house. Would you like to know further details?
Is that a guesthouse? I definitely prefer a guesthouse.|It is a guest house, sir. Would you like to make the accommodations?
Does the alpha-milton guest house have free wifi?|Unfortunately, it does not, are you still interested?
I suppose I will be alright without WiFi. Could I have the phone number, area, and price range please?|The phone is 0122331162 . The guest house is located at 63 milton road. For a price range I will need to know the dates you are looking at.
Is the guest house cheap, moderate or expensive?|The alpha-milton guest house is in the moderate price range, sir.
Is that the correct area? And I also need a train going to cambridge, it needs to leave after 12:30. It should leave wednesday and depart from bishops stortford|Yes it is in the area.  Train TR4226 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29.  Does this work for you?
Yes it does. Can I get the train ID, arrival time and the price.|The train ID is TR4226, the arrival time is 14:07, and the price would be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book you on this train?
No thank you. That is all I needed.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some info on an attraction called king's college.|Kings college is free and located in the centre of town.
Excellent.  Thank you for your assistance!|You're very welcome. Will that be all?
I would like to find a place to stay with a 2 star rating and free parking.|There are 3 hotels with a 2 star rating. Two in the North and one in the East. Would you like more information on one of them?
I would like the east please.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the expensive price range?|It is. Would you like a room?
Not at  this time but what is their address and postcode?|The address at express by holiday inn cambridge	is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Their postcode is cb13lh. Anything else I can do for you?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|How many people will be traveling?
I need to leave the attraction by 03:00.|OK, I have a blue audi coming to get you at King's college at 03:00 to take you back to the express by holiday inn cambridge. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any information on the Bridge Guest House?|Yes, it is on the south side of town in the moderate price range. Do you need more information?
Yes can I get the hotel type and phone number?|Certainly. It's a guest house. The phone number is 01223247942.
That is all I needed. Thank you!|Okay.  Let us know if you need further assistance.
I'm looking for a specific hotel in Cambridge.|There are 33 hotels in cambridge.  Do you know the name?
Yes it is the carolina bed and breakfast.|Yes, I have located it.  It is as 138 Perne Road.  The phone number is 01223247015.  Can I further assist you?
I am also looking to go to a concerthall.|There's one called the man on the moon in the centre. I'm not sure if they charge an entrance fee or not but I can get you their phone number
Oh, before I forget. Can I ask for the star rating on Carolina B&B? And yes, can I get both the address and phone number for the concert hall please?|The carolina B&B is 4 star, and the man on the moon is at 2 norfolk street, 01223474144. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can we book a taxi to get between those? I'll want to leave the hotel by 09:45.|Okay, I have Red Skoda booked to pick you up from the hotel and take you to the concert hall. The contact number is 07462131215.
Thanks, I think that is all I need.|Awesome, glad to help you, have a great day.
I certainly will. Thank you, again. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Please contact us again if you need additional assistance. Goodbye.
Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.|Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after 9:15. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.|There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52.  How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.|Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I need to book a guesthouse in the west of cambridge, are there any?|There are two guesthouses on the west side: Finches Bed and Breakfast, with a cheap price point, and Hobsons House, with a moderate price point. Would you be interested in either of these?
Which one includes free parking? I don't need internet included.|Both of them have free parking.
Does Finches Bed and Breakfast have free wifi? Since they both have free parking, I might as well go with the cheaper price.|Yes, they have internet as well. Would you like to book this room for you?
Yes that would be perfect! Can I please get it for 3 people, 4 nights and We'll be there by Wednesday|Good news! Booking was successful.  Reference number is : G3504UR7.
Fantastic, I'd also like a train leaving on Sunday, please.|Certainly! What time of day would you like to travel, and what are your departure and arrival locations?
Will be leaving Cambridge & going to Kings Lynn.  Wanted to arrive by 12:00.|Sure, TR8704 arrives at 11:58, can I book a seat for you?
No, I just need the departure time.  How long of a trip is it?|That train leaves at 11:11. Travel time is 47 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help.|If you need help with anything else, please don't hesitate to contact us.  Enjoy your travels.
Can you tell me about the attractions in the center of town?|There are numerous attractions. We have museums, colleges, nightclubs are more! What are you interests?
Could you recommend a nice park?|The Cambridge university botanic gardens are very nice.
Oh, that sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?|Yes, it's 01223336265. Can I do anything else for you?
I am also looking for a hotel called finches bed & breakfast. What is the area, hotel type and price range?|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.|Enjoy your stay here !
I am looking for a hotel with free parking.|I found 8 hotels, do you care about price or location?
I do prefer that it be expensive and include wifi. Location does not matter.|The University Arms Hotel has 4 stars and is in the town centre.  Does that interest you?
Yes, I would like to book that for five nights starting Wednesday and for eight people.|I have booked you stay at university arms hotel wednesday for 8 people for 5 nights. Your reference number is 1YHGVYSZ. May I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to located in the centre.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, they all have an entrance fee of 5 pounds but one, which has a fee of 4 pounds.
Can I get the address and phone number for the nightclub with an entrance fee of 4 pounds?|1-6 corn exchange street and the phone is 01223477900.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, you have been great!|Thank you, please let me know if you need anything further. Bye.
Can you find me a hotel in the moderate price range?|There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. Are you looking for free parking or free wifi?
I don't need internet. Are any of them 3 stars?|No none of them are 3 stars or 4 stars,I have a few that are 2 stars would they be okay?
If that's all that is available that's fine, I need it for 1 person for 3 nights starting Thursday, please book one for me|Great! I have booked you at Lovell Lodge with reference number 6YI7ENAC. May I help with anything else?
No that is all I need. Thanks for your help.|Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service.
Thank you! Have a great day!|You are welcome.  Good bye.
I'd like to visit a museum.  What do you have in town within walking distance?|Which side of town will you be on?
Any area is fine.|Cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west area, it has free entrance. Would you like the address or phone number for it?
Sounds good . please get me their phone number , postcode and area.|The number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. It is in the west end of town and the postcode is cb30af.
Thank you.  I also need a hotel with a 4 star rating in the expensive price range.|I have Huntington Marriott Hotel in the west, 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
I need to make reservations for 6 people and 2 nights from sunday.|just to verify, do you want the hotel for tuesday night? or for sunday and staying for two night?
I'm sorry, starting from Sunday for 2 nights, 6 people. If that fails try one night and provide the reference number.|I have been successful in this and your reference number is 7YAVA5YB.
Thank you. Now can you help me book a taxi to go from the hotel to the attraction? I'd like to leave the hotel by 8:45|Your taxi is all set! You will be picked up in a grey toyota and their contact number is 07189428446.
Great, thanks so much for all of your help today.  That is everything. Bye.|Glad I could assist you today. Enjoy your day.
What is the best french expensive restaurant in town?|There are two located in town. The Restaurant Two Two, which is in the north, and the Cote, which is located in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
I'd like to eat at the one that's in the north.|Okay, that's Restaurant Two Two, located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax. May I help you book a table?
What is the phone number for the restaurant?|They can be reached at 01223351880. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|It is located at 53 roseford rd in the south area, rated 4 stars, they have internet and parking.  The phone number is 01223512596.
Thank you for that information. Sounds like a good place.|Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Hmm, no thank you. I will need a taxi though, can you help me with that?|Where are you traveling to and from?
It's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 4:45. Can you tell me what type of car and contact number?|I've booked your taxi! A yellow Tesla will pick you up at the restaurant at 4:45, and the contact number is 07207525802.
Great! Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No, that is it. Thanks. Bye.|Alright! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north side?|There are 5 available. Do you want to specify a food type?
Yes, are there any that serve persian food? I would also like a phone number.|None of them serve persian food. Would you like to search for another option?
It doesn't really matter then. I just need to know the type of food, name of the restaurant, and their phone number.|May I suggest Hakka? It is a Chinese food. The phone number is 01223568988. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 2 star hotel.|May I suggest the Ashley Hotel, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or the Lovell Lodge as recommend hotels to stay in. These are all two stars hotels.
Can you please send me reviews|there are no reviews available at this time for the three hotels mentioned.
Do they include free parking?|The three hotels have parking, but I am not sure if it is free. Would you like me to call and check?
No. But I also need help booking a taxi to leave the restaurant by 20:00. Could you provide a contact number and car type with my taxi booking please?|In order to book the taxi could you please tell me your destination?
Yes, from Hakka, to the Ashley Hotel please. I want to leave Hakka at 20:00.|OK, I have a taxi booked for you. The car will be a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07941022282. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Howdy! Is the City Centre North B And B still in business?|I am sorry I have no listing for that hotel. Can I help you with any other information?
I was hoping to book the City Centre North B and B for a 4 night stay starting Tuesday. Could you please check again?|Yes. I can find it.  How many people will be staying?
It will be 5 people and 4 nights.|I'm sorry, that wasn't available.  Can I reserve a different hotel?
Yes, same price range please.|OK, I got you a booking at the Worth House. It's a 4 star guesthouse also in the Northend. Your reference number is: DVTY60KZ. Can I do anything else for you?
Okay thank you that is all I need.|Great. Have a great day!
I will be in Cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the centre while I visit.|I'd be happy to help you pick one! There are over 40 attractions in city centre; what type of activity are you interested in?
I don't really care.  Can you suggest something?|How about a museum?  Or we have some terrific colleges you could visit.  There's always the theatre as well.
How about a theatre? Can you give me the post code and phone number for one, please?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage in postcode cb23pj. Their phone number is 01223503333.
Thank you! Can you help me find a hotel to stay in? I need it to have free wifi.|Just about every lodging in town has internet (it's 2017, after all!). Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
It needs to be in the same area as theatre and have free parking. I don't care about the price.|Okay its address is located at 6 saint edward's passage and its postal code is cb23pj.
Can you book it for me? Just for one person starting on Wednesday for 5 nights.|I'm sorry, none of the hotels in the centre are free on those dates.  Would you like to try a different number of days?
Can you try for just 2 nights then?|Your booking at the Alexander bed and breakfast was successful, the reference number is L60GOSEU.
Can I please book a taxi to get to the hotel?|Sure.  What time would you like to be picked up from Cambridge Arts Theatre?
I'd actually like to be picked up from Alexander bed and breakfast by 15:30.|I have booked a black BMW to pick you up.  The contact number is 07334398349.
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you Goodbye
I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:30.|I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book?
I need it for Saturday.|When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?|I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07.   Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.|How about bridge house? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?|It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
I'd rather have a hotel. Are there any available?|How about the ashley hotel in the north. it also has internet.
No thank you that will be all|Great. Thanks for using our service!
I am looking for Downing College. Can you give me information on it?|Sure, it is located in the centre area, on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq, their phone number is 01223334860.
And just to clarify, what sort of attraction is it? I assume it's a college but sometimes things are named oddly, you understand.|Yes, downing college is a college. Can I do anything else for you today?
I also need a place to stay. I am thinking a guesthouse in the east part of town.|There is a cheap guesthouse named Allenbell on 517a coldham lane if you are interested.
That sounds great.  Can I have the number?|The number is 01223210353.  I can make that booking for you, I would just need to know and arrival date and for how many people and length of your stay.
Can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star?  If so, I will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on wednesday.|It is four stars but unfortunately I cannot book it. Would you like to change the date?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?|I was able to book that, your reference is 4B5YCEFU.
Thanks. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the college and the hotel.|I can take care of that for you.  Would you like to be picked up at the college?  And at what time?
I want to leave the hotel at 15:15 to go to the college.|I have confirmed your taxi, a black bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07830542895.  Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that takes care of it. Thank you.|Thank You, have a good stay. Goodbye.
i'm looking for places to go in town|Would you like to narrow that down a bit?
Can you suggest a nice place that has a swimmingpool?|We have four lovely pools. Is location important?
No location isn't important.  Please recommend one, and let me know the phone number.|I'd recommend parkside pools in the centre. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also am looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating and free parking.|I, as a monopoly person am also a fan of free parking.   Two guesthouse meet your needs, one is in the north, the other in the centre, any preferences?
I really prefer a hotel to a guesthouse.  How about a hotel with free parking and a four star rating|There are three hotels matching your description. Do you have a preference regarding price range or area of location?
Nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! We'll be arriving on Tuesday and staying 5 nights. There will be 6 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VRCMYSEO.
Great, what was the hotel that you decided on for me?|The Huntington Larriott Hotel , can I help with anything else ?
I'm looking for a hotel called acorn guest house|Acorn Guest House is located in the north area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like to book that for 3 nights from Saturday for 7 people.|Will you need any dinner reservations to go with that?
No thanks. I just need to book the room.|You are all set, the reference number is Y5RM8ZUC, can i assist with anything else?
Can you find me a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range?|Yes, La Tasca matches your preferences. Would you like their information?
I want to double check, is La Tasca in the centre of town?|Yes, it is in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, I just need the post code. phone number and address please.|Their phone number is 01223353888. Their postcode is cb41da and their address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks that's all I needed to know today.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a cheap room, free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town.
I am looking for a hotel in the east.|I have 3 guesthouse in he east all with 4 stars, the allenbell, auumn house or leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Yes, the allenbell sounds good.|Okay, how long would you like me to make your reservation?
That won't be necessary. I just need to look for a train now.|Certainly, I can help you with that. Do you know what station you want to go to or leave from?
I would like to go from Stansted to Cambridge, please.|Do you have a preference for the day or the arrival time?
Yes the train should leave on Monday and arrive by 10:30.|Okay, I think TR3304 would be most suitable. It leaves Stansted Airport at 09:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 09.52. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book six tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6GY1YTLN.
Thank you that was all i needed|Is there nothing else you need?
No, good bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I want a train going to london kings cross.|We have 70 trains that meet that criteria, what is your point of departure please?
I am  departing from cambridge.|Great! What day would you like to leave? Do you have any preferred times to leave and arrive by?
I would like to travel on monday and leave after 15:30.|There are four trains that depart every two hours. The earliest leaves at 17:70 and the last one leaves at 23:00. What's your preference?
Please book the 17:70 for 3 people.|Actually, the earliest train, TR7786 leaves Cambridge at 17:00 and arrives at 17:51. Should I go ahead a book this for 3 people?
Yes please it needs to be for three people.|I was able to book it, reference number is M9MIP9U1
Great, thanks! Also, can you tell me about the Worth House, please?|i am not sure is that a restaurant?
I didn't ask about a restaurant. I'm pretty sure that's a hotel.|Sorry about that. Worth House is a cheap guesthouse located in the north.
Yes I would like to book it for 2 nights from Saturday for 3 people please.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1HLAC0TN.
Thanks, that is all I need.|Have a great trip.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|There are 32 options in Cambridge, what price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for something in the cheap price range, but I need it to have a 4 star rating. I don't need any parking though.|Again I have many to choose from that meet those criteria. Would you like a suggestion?
Ok, yes, if you could suggest one that comes with free parking that would be great!|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I also need a Vietnamese restaurant.|My apologies it appears that I forgot to book your lodging. I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, would you like me to book it for you?
Oh yes, please do. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights, beginning friday|You are booked with the reference number E9100B48. I can help you with the Vietnamese restaurant now. Do you have an area in mind?
I just want the restaurant to be in the same price range as my hotel|There is one cheap vietnamese restaurant in town. It is thanh binh. Do you want to book?
No, just provide me with the address and area for that restaurant if you could|The restaurant is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre in the West.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, will you book me a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel, please|And what time would you like that taxi?
I would like to leave the hotel by 22:15.|Your taxi service was book with a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07797935179 in case you need to contact them.
Thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome enjoy your meal. Have a good evenening
I need a place to stay that has free wifi please.|There are 32 available hotels with free wifi, do you have any other requirements?
Do you have a one in the centre that is a 3 star?|The Gonville Hotel meets this criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is it a guesthouse?|No it is not.  There aren't any three star guesthouses in the centre of town.  Would you be open to a different star rating?
Are there any guesthouses in the west?|hobsons house is in the West.Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the north.|I would recommend the Worth house on Chesterton Road.  Would you like the number?
Does it have free wifi and a 4 star rating. I need wifi, and I'd like a nice rating.|I have a listing for worth house that fits what you are looking for,can I make a booking for you?
Is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?|I have you booked for Thursday at the Worth House for 5 nights with 5 people!
Great.  What is the reference number?|My mistake, booking was actually unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same general price range?|With all other parameters the same, unfortunately not. Want to try different parameters?
Any hotel, in the north, cheap. Nothing else matters.|City centre north b and b.Reference number is : B2H3YYF4. Will you need anything else?
That is all.  Thank You.|Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant on the south side of town.|There are 2 expensive and 1 cheap restaurant matching your criteria. Which price range do you prefer?
Book me a table for 7 on Thursday at 17:30 and send me a reference number. Thank you.|Would you like to book cheap or expensive?
I don't care what price range it is in. I will need a reference number please for the reservation.|Let's decide on the lucky star. Unfortunately, that appears to already be booked. Do you want to try one of the others?
Yes please. Let's try the other one you mentioned.|Ok, I've booked a table for 7 at 17:30 on thursday at the good luck chinese food takeaway. Your reference number is LA1YYDOO.
Can you help me find a place to stay|No problem, there's the aylesbray lodge guest house which is also in the south area. It's moderately priced, four stars, with parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes I need to book it for 7 people, for 4 nights starting thursday, can I get the reference number?|Great your reference number is 4U18B867
Thank you.  I will also need a taxi so that I can commute between these two locations and I need it to arrive at 17:30.|All right, a white ford will arrive by 17:30. The contact number is 07655989652.
Thank you.  That is all I need.|Thank you for using this system!
Can you help me find a train leaving after 20:45 going to norwich?|What day of the week are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Monday.|There are 3 trains. They leave at 21:36, 22:36, and 23:36. Can I book one for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How  many tickets do you need?
I'm sorry, I just need the arrival time and price, please. That is departing from cambridge, right?|TR9493 arrives at 24:45. It will cost you 17.20 pounds per ticket. Anything else?
Can you please book me 1 ticket for TR9493.|You are booked! Your reference number is GVQ282KF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am  also looking for a place to stay.|Ok. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
Oh, a hotel, for sure.|There are 9 hotels available do you have a preference on price range or which area the hotel is in?
I need it in the north and free wifi and cheap.|The lovell lodge is hotel 2 star in the north area of town in the moderate price range with free internet and parking.
Great, I need a reservation for 5 people.|I double checked and there are no hotels in the cheap range, in the north. The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge are moderately priced and in the north.
How about The Ashley Hotel? I need a reservation please.|What day will you be arriving, how many days are you staying and for how many people?
Can you make a reservation for Friday for 5 people, 3 nights please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8O3M27N5.anything else
that is it for now. thank you|thanks and welcome to Cambridge
I would like to book a train that is running on Tuesday and departs anytime after 20:15, can you help me with that?|Where would you like to travel from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and travel to peterborough.|Sure, I have 7 trains that would work. The closest to your requested time is the TR5110 that leaves at 20:34.
That will work. What is the price and arrival time for that?|That will cost you 16.50 pounds and you will arrive by 21:24.
That is great. I also want to know about a hotel called home from home. Can you find it for me.|Certainly. Home from Home is a guesthouse on the north end of the city. It offers free internet and parking and is moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I would like to book for 8 people for 3 nights starting from Saturday.|Your booking was successfull! Reference number is I5VKNKJ3
Thank you have a nice day.|You too. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is a guesthouse.|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the east side. Can you also make sure the guesthouse has free wifi?|We have five guesthouses in the east which are 4 star and offer free parking and free wifi. Do you have a price range you'd prefer?
Not particularly. Could you let me know what the price range is for the five guesthouses?|The rooms range from moderate to cheap, which would you prefer?
What is the name of the cheaply priced guesthouse?|There are three cheaply-priced guesthouses. Their names are Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House.
I guess any of them is good.|For how many nights and starting when?
Actually, there is no need to book for me. I can do that. But do you have any information on the Museum of Classical Archaeology?|Sure, the museum of classical archaeology is in the west, phone 01223335153, postcode cb39da,  address sidgwick avenue, free to enter.
Awesome, that's all I need.|Excellent. Thanks for texting us.
Have a great day.|You have a great day as well.
Hi! I need a train to birmingham new street.|What day would you be needing the train?
I will be traveling on Wednesday from Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45 please.|TR8860 departs at 14:01 and arrives by 16:44. Would you like a ticket?
Could you just give me the train id and price on that please?|The train ID is TR8860 and the price is 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need today?
i would also  love to find a place to stay and should be in the east|Sure no problem. What type of hotel are you looking for?
need one in the east and have 2 stars.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes a reservation for three please|How many days will you be staying and what day will you arrive?
3 nights starting from Sunday.|how many people in your party and for how long
I need it for 5 people, please. And could you get me the reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : R6SZO5AO. Anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the West end please|We have one cheap hotel and one cheap guesthouse. Both are rated four stars.
It doesn't have to have free parking.  I guess you can find me one.|The Cambridge Belfry is in the west and has free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That sounds goo. Please go ahead.|I'd be happy to. How many days and how any people should I make the reservation for? Also, what day?
actually, i just need the phone number and postcard for the hotel.|Here is the address and post code back lane, cambourne cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also give me info on tandoori palace, I hear that it rocks the house like mickey mouse.|Located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, in the west, it is an expensive indian restaurant.
Very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at 19:15 on thursday?|Your reservation for 5 people at the Tandoori Palace for this thursday at 19:15 was succesful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 8UISCCP3.
I also would need a taxi to the restaurant by the booked time|You are book, look for a green 1986 yugo.  Kidding, look for a yellow tesla, they can be reached at 07867620886.  Any other questions today?
That is all of the information that I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
Can you tell what there is to do in the centre area?|There are many fun things to do in the center of town. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
Hmm, well... me and my friends like to go to nightclubs. Are there any in that area of town?|There are 5 in that area. If I may, might I suggest The Fez Club. They have amazing music and a great atmosphere. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat as well.|Unfortunately, my information for restaurants is not coming up. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made reservations at a restaurant. Can you give me the postcode and phone number to the Fez Club that you found?|Sure the phone is 01223519224 and the post code is cb23hx
Great, thanks. Now I'd also like to find a hotel to stay at with free wifi and a star rating of 0.|I have three options for you; one hotel and two guesthouses. Does location or price range matter?
Not really and I don't need parking either.|Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.|I have one matching your criteria called Cityroomz located in the city center. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, but I do need the phone number of the hotel.|The phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 5:00 and the attraction.|Okay I have booked a car for you and it will be a white Lexus and the driver's contact number is 07610272474.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Could you help me find a hotel on the south side of town?|We have several options.  Will you be needing parking or internet?
I need to have free wifi.|I have 4 gueshouses all located in the south. May I book a room for you?
Yes that is fine.|When would you like to go and what size party will you have?
4 people. Starting Tuesday, 5 nights.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
As long as it's in the same price range. Can you give me the reference number too please?|Booking was successful at the aylesbray lodge guest house. The reference number is 8LNX4EQO.
Thank you. That's everything.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need to find a moderately priced condo style hotel in Cambridge that includes free parking.|There is the Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge.  Both are 2 stars.  Which do you prefer?
Which one is in the centre part of town?|Both are in the North. Are you looking for something in the Centre?
Yes I need centre of town.|sorry to disappoint but we dont have any
How about a hotel then in the cheap price range?|Sorry, no results were found.
Can you try a cheap hotel?|Sorry, there were no results found.
There has got to be at least one hotel in cambridge! Try for 3 nights.|I'm sorry but there are no cheap hotels in cambridge.
No thank you that will be all|We actually do have 10 cheap places to stay in Cambridge. 9 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel.
I need the hotel reserved for 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday.|Out of the 10, there was one that was a hotel and not a guesthouse, the Cambridge belfry, I booked you, the reference number is DK6K73QS.  Anything else today?
No thank you that will be all|Have a good day and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking to stay at the Lovell Lodge hotel and to see the areas local attractions.|I can definitely help you with that.  First let's book the hotel.  When were you wanting to stay?
The booking is for 5 people staying four nights from Saturday .|Would you like me to book that now?
Yes please book that for me.|Okay. I have reservations for 5 people starting on Saturday and staying for 4 days at the Lovell Lodge. The reference number is UPYAJTEP.
Thank you.  I have another request.  I am looking to find out more information on the Soul Tree Night Club.|This nightclub is located in the centre of town and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds.  Is there any other information that I can provide you with?
No, that's all I need for now.  Thanks for your help!|Your welcome, Have a great day
I'm looking for a hotel that offers particular amenities, specifically free parking and free wifi|Just to clarify, does it matter if this establishment is a guesthouse or a hotel?
No, it really doesn't matter.  I need free parking and free wifi though.  I'd like a 4 star rating and it should be in the north.|There are 7 matches, do you have any other preferences?
No other preferences. Which one do you recommend?|I would recommend Home From Home, a guesthouse at 78-80 Milton Road.
That sounds lovely, can I please have the post code for that?|The postcode for Home from Home is cb41la. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I want to eat at a moderate Chinese restaurant.|In what area?
I don't have a preference.|May I suggest Golden Wok. They are located on the north side of town at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
please book a table for 1 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.|Reference number is : E0UF3S84. You are booked, it will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I need a taxi to take to the restaurant in time for the reservation. Pick up place: Home from Home|You are booked for a blue lexus with the contact number of 07187698184. May I help with something else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before 10:45 too? Thankyou for your time.|I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07.  Will that work?
Does it leave on Sunday?|No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.|I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN.
Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?|Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.
I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.|I'd recommend the acorn guest house. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
i need a place to stay|Okay! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd prefer something in the North, a 4 star hotel with free wifi if possible.|There are no 4 start hotels in the north with free wifi.
would you like to book something without free wifi, or in another area.|There are no 4 star hotels in the north are with free internet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What about a guesthouse with 4 stars in the north?|Yes, I see several guesthouses available! They are all in the moderate price range; does parking matter to you?
The parking does not matter.|Yes, I would recommend Avalon.  It is at 62 Gilbert Road, postcode cb43pd.
Can you tell me the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223353071.
Can you also help me find an indian place to eat.|Is there a certain area or price range you would like?
I'm sorry, I meant to ask for help finding something fun to do in town in the north side of town. I don't need a restaurant after all.|do you have a type in mind?
can I get a boat?|riverboat georgina is in the north. Would this work?
find me its entrance fee|Yes, I would have to give them a quick call. How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book it. I would just like to know the entrance fee.|I'm sorry. The entrance fee for the Riverboat Georgina is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks that will be all then|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I have an attraction in mind that I need help finding.|Maybe I could help.  Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it is called Nusha.|I've located Nusha and it's in the South. It's located in Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road.
Ok, thank you. I also need to find a hotel that is expensive.|Okay, in what area?
I do not have a preference on the area.|I would recommend the university arms hotel, which is centrally-located and offers free wifi and parking. Does that interest you?
Is that a 1 star hotel?|No. I'm sorry. It's not a 1 star establishment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you look for a 4 star hotel in the same price range?|How about the Hundington Marriott Hotel in the west? It gets 4 stars.
No thank you that will be all|Well, if you are sure, I hope you have a great visit! Thank you.
Is there such a train that leaves to cambridge, might I include on a tuesday?|Do you have a station you would prefer to depart from?
Yes. I want to leave from london kings cross.|There are 10 trains that meet your needs. The earliest leaves at 05:17 and the latest leaves at 23:17. Is there a time of day you prefer?
I would like to leave on tuesday after 10:30.|I have TR7850 that leaves at 11:17 and will arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would that suit your needs?
May I get the travel time for that train, please?|Absolutely! The travel time is 51 minutes!
Thank you, I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should a hotel of 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It should include free wifi.|Is there a particular part of town that you would like to stay in?
Any part of town is fine.|I'm afraid we don't have any hotels that meet your needs, but we do have two guesthouses. One in the north and one in the city centre.
Not interested win a guesthouse. Do you have a hotel with free parking and a 0-star rating?|No, I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels with those qualifications. Can you expand your search parameters?
We will figure something out, thanks for your help today!|have a fantastic day, goodbye.
Hello, we are looking for information about lodgings in Cambridge.  Price is no option and we would like a very nice hotel.|There are 33 hotels available, do you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
As long as its insanely expensive and has free parking. Centre located please.|I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is in the centre, expensive, and has free parking. Can I help with anything else?
I want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on thursday.|Okay, you are all set! Reference number is : RGBB7MTN.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge that leaves on saturday.|What is your destination please and travel time?
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I need to arrive by 11:15.|TR0823 will have you arriving at 11:01. How many tickets do you need?
I am not sure how many yet. For now, I need the departure time and the length of travel time for TR0823.|The departure time is 10:01 and the duration is 60 minutes.
Ok, that's all I need for now. Thanks, bye.|Okay, have a good day.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the south part of town. Do you have anything in that category?|Yes, I have found 3 to choose from.  Would you prefer a moderate price or something cheap?
Moderate, please, and make sure they have free parking.|How about the Bridge Guesthouse that is in the moderate price range?
Do they have free parking? And do you know if they have a star rating?|Yes, they have free parking and it has a 3 star rating. Would you care to book a room at bridge guest house?
Not right now. I'd just like their phone number, please.|That number is 01223247942.
Great. Thanks for all your help. Bye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for new places to go in Cambridge and am wondering if there is a theatre closeby.|There are four theatres in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
Please recommend one for me that is in the center.|How about cambridge arts theatre?  It's located at 6 saint edward's passage.
Yes, that will do. I also need a place to stay.|In what area would you like to stay?
I am looking for a place in the south, and I don't need parking. But I do need 4 stars and wifi!|Aylesbray Lodge Guest House matches all your criteria except it does have parking.  Would that be a problem for you?
Yes, that's not a problem.|Do you need more info, or would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No need, but please give me their phone number.  thanks!|the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road.  the phone number is 01223240089.  will you be needing transportation?
Yes. I would like to leave the hotel by 8:45.|I have a Taxi picking you up at the hotel to take you to the theatre. A blue ford will arrive. The contact number is 07757926214
Thank you goodbye|thanks, enjoy your trip!
Hi, I am looking for a train that will be arriving by 16:00 in Cambridge.|What day and from where?
I am leaving Friday from Kings Lynn.|We have a train departing from Kings Lynn, Friday at 15:11 which will be arriving at 15:58. The price is 9.80 pounds and the total duration of the trip would be 47 min. Would you like me to book this for you?
Thank you for all the information. I would like to book this.|Consider it done. It has been booked. Anything else?
Yes, can you also help me find a hotel that has free parking and is expensive?|Sure! Let's narrow it down a bit. Any preferences on location or star rating?
I would like a 4 star hotel.  Location isn't important, just quality hotel.|Sure thing! There are 21 four star hotels. Do you have any other needs, like internet, parking, or price range or style?
I would like it to have free parking and internet.|The Huntingdon Marriot and the University Arms are both expensive 4-star hotels with free internet and parking. Is either of these of interest to you?
The University Arms sounds good. I'd like to book 4 nights for 1 person, beginning on Friday. And I'll need the reference number, please.|You booking was successful. Your reference number is XWZQ8GBA. What else can I help you with?
That should be it, thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service!
Hello. I'm planning a trip to cambridge soon and would like some information about sidney sussex college please.|They are a wonderful college located in the centre of town. They offer free admission. They are located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu. Their phone number is 01223338800.
Will I be able to find it with just the street name?  Is that the full address?  Sidney Street?  Please provide me with the full address.|Yes, it is just on Sidney Street.  I don't know the number but it is very prominent.  You won't miss it.
OK, thanks! I'm also looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|Ok, you have about 10 different choices. Do you have a preference as to what area you would like to stay in?
Yes, I am looking for one in the East and it should be guesthouse type.|Alright, I have 3 guesthouses that matches your need. They are the Allenbell, Autumn House and Leverton House. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Can you tell me how many stars they are and if they have free internet?|All of them have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi and free parking. Can I book a room for you at one of them?
Yes, please book a space for one.|For how many days, and starting when would you like?
Actually I will book it myself.  Allenbell sounds perfect.  Thank you, this is all I needed.|Please don't hesitate to let us know if you need anything else.
You've been very helpful.  Goodbye.|Thank you! If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact me again!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is a 2 star hotel with or without free parking.|There are a few options. Will you be staying in the north or the east?
I don't really have a preference for location, but I want someplace with free WiFi and would like it in the expensive price range.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2 star hotel with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, that would be great. 2 nights for 1 person.|What day will you begin your stay?
Staying for two nights beginning on Friday.|express by holiday inn is a nice place,do you want me to book it for you
I would just like the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to dine in the centre area. Can you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves indian food?|There are 6 expensive indian restaurants in the centre. I recommend curry garden. Would you like to book a table?
No, can you just get me the address, post code and phone number.|The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre, the post code is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330.
Thank you for all the information. Wonderful service. Goodbye.|You are quite welcome, have a wonderful day! goodbye!
I am looking for the acorn guest house.|Ah, yes. The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and located in the north. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free internet and parking.
Sounds perfect.  What is the phone number?|its phone number is 01223353888
Thank you.  Can you also find a train that leaves on sunday and departs from cambridge.|Where are you going to and what time would you like to leave?
I am leaving from cambridge and going to ely and I need to leave after 19:30.|The TR3544 leaves at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like to book it?
yes book it for me please|How many people do you want to purchase tickets for?
I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It must include free parking.|Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in a 2 star hotel in the north.|The Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel in the north with free parking in the moderate price range. I can book this for you.
That would be great! Can you let me know what the post code is? Thank you!|The postcode is cb41er. How long would you like to stay and how many should I book the hotel for?
I don't need to book it at this time. Can you help me find a place to visit while I'm in town? I'd like a swimming pool in the North.|We list two swimming pools in the north area, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on either of those?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode for the Jesus Green pool, please?|Sure, the phone number is 01223302579 and the postcode is cb43px. Can I help with anything else today?
No that is all thank you.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the South area. Can you help me with that please?|I have four options ranging in price from cheap to expensive ranging in from 3 to 4 stars.
Are any a guesthouse?|Yes I have 3 guesthouses matching your criteria. Would you like to book one of them?
No I just need you to recommend one for me.|Aylesbury odge guesthouse,I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need you to book it, I just need the phone number and post code please.|The phone number is 01223240089, and the post code is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the expensive range. Can you recommend one?|the good luck chinese food takeaway is great. Shall i book it ?
Please book the restaurant and I also need a taxi.|What time would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us. We'd like 12:15 on Saturday please.|Your table is booked (ref# SCHAG4OI). What time do you need that taxi?
I'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before 12:15.|Your black ford taxi has been booked and your contact number is 07103139053.
Thanks. That is all for now.|Okay.  Please call us if we can help you further.  We hope you enjoy your stay.
I am looking for information on the kirkwood house.|Kirkwood house is a guesthouse located at 172 chesterton rd on the north side of town. Phone number is 01223306283 with free parking and wifi. Is there anything else?
Yes please. What is the price range?|It is moderate. Can I help further today?
No, that was it. Thank you for the help.|Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi, I need a hotel with wifi, please.|Huntingdon marriott hotel has a high rating and wifi
What is the price range for this hotel?|There are two moderate and three expensive price ranges.Which range do you prefer ?
Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere that include free wifi and free parking.|I found 5 hotels with free Internet and parking. What area are you looking?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like a cheap guesthouse, if possible.|The city centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north area in the cheap range, with parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room?
Could I get the hotel's phone number and postcode please?|Yes, City Centre B&B has a postal code of cb43ht.   They can be reached at 01223312843.  May I assist with anything else?
No, you helped me out.  Thanks.  Goodbye.|Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap.|I have 9 that meet your request. Would you like a certain area of town?
No, but I want a hotel with free parking and has a star rating of at least 4.|There are 7 now that fit your criteria. Are you looking for a certain area?
Nope, just pick your favorite. I need lodging for 5 people, 4 nights, and we'll arrive on Wednesday.|The alexander bed and breakfast includes internet and is in the centre area. Would that be okay?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant tandoori palace. Can you give me the address and phone number?|The Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223506055. Did you still need that hotel booking?
Yes, please. That was 4 nights at the Alexander starting Wednesday. 5 people.|I have you booked for 5 people for four nights starting on wednesday and your reference number is OO0ATNMC.
could I have the address|Absolutely!  The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Okay great, that is all I needed. Have a good day!|You too! Goodbye.
I will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay when I get there.|I can certainly help with that! Can you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
Thank you! I would like to stay in the North part of town, please.|There are many places to choose from. Do you have a certain price range you want to stay in? How about free wifi and parking?
I definitely need free wifi, and I'd like a 4 star place.|The archway house is in the north and 4 stars
That sounds great! What's their address and phone? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|archway house is a guesthouse. The address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am also looking for places to go when I get there.  Are there any cinemas in the same area as Archway House?|What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?|I have 2 cinemas. One is in the south. The other is in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
I need a cinema in the north.|Unfortunately there are no cinemas in the north part of town. Would you like me to see if we have a few located in a different area?
What about a pool in the north?|There are 2 pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on one of them?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for Kings Hedges?|01223353248	and cb42xh respectively
Thank you, I also need a taxi to communte between the two places. I'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 3:45.|look out for a blue ford. the contact is 07584361462
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!|No problem, is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all thank you for the help!|Glad, I could help you plan your experience in cambridge, enjoy your day.
Where is Finches Bed and Breakfast located?|It is located at 144 thornton road postcode cb30nd and the phone number is 01223276653.
How can I book a room?|I'd be happy to do that for you, if you want to give me your details.
I need to book it for 3 days starting on Wednesday. There are 6 people in my party.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1KB3H7VC. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in finding some kind a multiple sports place to go while I'm in town.  Is there anything like that?|There is the Cherry Hinton Village Center in the east. Would you like more information?
Please, what's their phone number and what area are they in?|Their phone number is 01223576412 and they're located in the east.
Thank you, that is all I need today.|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
I need to find a restaurant called taj tandoori|Nice place.  It is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes. I need a place for 3 on Wednesday at 17:15.|Great! That booking was successful and your reservation number is K1T4IC74.
I also need a hotel in moderate price range and star rating of 0.|Cityroomz matches those requirements. Would you like the phone number, or a reservation?
Does it have free parking?|I'm afraid it does not offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Is there anywhere else which would offer free parking?|Not with those criteria. We could start a new search if you like.
how about a cheap hotel with free parking?|I have two guesthouse available. They both offer free parking and are 0 stars. One is in the north and one in the centre? Do you want a specific area?
The area doesn't matter. Can you pick one and book a room for 3 people for 5 nights on Wednesday.|I was able to book you at el shaddai. Your Reference number is : 4WHOTORJ.
Can I get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I would like to arrive shortly before the booking time.|I have booked your taxi. Your car is a blue volkswagen, they can be reached at at 07653689405 if you have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set for today.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Good-bye!
I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are some nice campuses there.  I particularly like Downing College on Regent Street.  Do you have any particular questions I can answer?
What is the address of Downing College.|That address is regent street.
What about the postcode?|The postcode is cb21dq.
Thank you. I'd also like some hotel information.|What would you like me to look up for you?
I need a room for 5 people, 4 nights at the Acorn Guest House. We'll arrive on Sunday.|Okay you got it. I made your reservation, and the reference number is DCJI0F6E.
Thanks! That's all I need.|Great. I hope you have a nice trip. Bye.
Hi there! I'm looking for a moderate place to stay that has four stars. Can you help me?|I'm sorry I don't find any four star hotels.
Can you check if there are any in the east?|Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
no I waill call back thank you and goodbye|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the east. A guesthouse is fine also.|I have three options. Would you perhaps like to book at the Carolina?
Sure, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 4 people, 2 nights please?|Everything is all set, your reference number is P7XQVC1N if you have any further questions. Is that all?
I'm also looking for a place my friend recommended to eat. The Peking restaurant? Can you find it for me?|Sure!  It is in the south area and the address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
i am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant where is it found? and what is their food type?|peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant in 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
What area is the restaurant in?|It is located in the south.
Thank you!  That will be all.  Goodbye!|No, thank you for visiting the city of Cambridge!
I am looking for Warkworth House hotel. Any information on it?|It's a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.
Ok, and what area of town is that in?|It is in the east part of town.
Thank you.  Are there any attractions I could visit in the town centre?|There are 25 possible attractions in the requested area. Are you looking for any specific types of attractions?
No not really. Can you recommend me an attraction that's in the centre area? Can I also get the address, entrance fee, and phone number for it? Thanks!|There are forty four attractions in that area, could you tell me what type you would like to book?
Whatever is the most popular attraction|You should check out All Saints Church. It has great architecture and free entrance. It's located on Jesus Lane cb58bs. The phone is 01223452587. Would that work for you?
Great, thank you for the info.  Have a nice day!|Did you need any further assistance today, or are you all set?
I'm all set. Thanks for your assistance.|We are happy to help. Thanks for using our service.
Find me a place to stay that has free parking, but I don't need internet.|Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
I would prefer to be in the Centre.|We have 2 cheap guesthouses and 2 expensive hotels, all in the centre of town but with different star ratings. Do you have any preferences?
Do you have one in a 4 star rating that has free wifi?|Yes, the University Arms Hotel is available and is located on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I really need a hotel in the east. Can you take a look at those for me?|There are 5 options in the east that meet your criteria. All are guest houses. Do you have a price range in mind?
no, should have four stars though.|I'm sorry, did you say you don't need Internet?  Because I'm not finding anything that meets your criteria in the east part of town.
I do need internet.|Would you like to try another part of town as the east was a no go?
yes, I suppose.|I checked all the different areas and there's still no matches.
No thank you that will be all|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a moderate price 3 star hotel. Can you help with that please?|There are four hotels that match your criteria.  Would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the best one?
I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse please.|alpha-milton guest house looks like a good location would you like that?
Yes please.  I need to book it for Monday for 4 guests staying 2 nights.|I am sorry but that was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Can you try booking it for just one night? If that works I will need the reference number, too.|That went through! Your reference number for your one night stay at the Alpha Milton Guest House is WKUZW2QI. Do you need anything else today?
Great! I am also looking to do something fun, what kind of entertainment is available in the south area?|There is tenpin in the south that I recommend. Does that interest you?
Sure, is it labelled as entertainment?  I will just need the postcode.|Yes the tenpin is labelled as entertainment, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. Thank you for everything!|You're welcome!  And you have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced 3 star hotel to stay in in Cambridge.|Unfortunately, i have no matches for your request. Would you like for me to search all hotels in cambridge.
Yes, I would like a hotel in the moderate price range with 3 stars.|I'm sorry, but I found no hotels matching your criteria, would you like to look for a cheaper hotel?
I would be open to a guesthouse if there are no 3 star hotels. I would like to stay in the moderate price range if possible.|There are 4 moderately priced guesthouses available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the south area if possible.|I have bridge guest house.  Would you like me to make a reservation,?
No thanks. Not today. But I could use some help finding a train from Leicester to Cambridge.|I can look that up for you.  First, can you tell me the day and time frame you were thinking of travelling?
It needs to leave after 17:45, thanks for checking.|There are 42 trains that leave after 17:45.
Pick one for me and give me the price and arrival time if you don't mind.|Sure.  I'd recommend TR9629 which leaves at 18:09 and arrives at 19:54.  The price is 37,80 pounds per ticket.
Just to check, does TR9629 leave on Friday?  That's the day I would like to travel.|Yes, TR9629 leaves on Friday. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that was everything, thank you very much!|You're welcome. Don't hesitate to ask if there's ever anything else we can help you with.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay in town. I'd like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating, please.|Ashley hotel is in the north part of town and has a 2 star rating and parking.
Is it a hotel or guesthouse?|The Ashley is a hotel. It's on the north end of town. Would you like to make a reservation here or should we keep looking?
That's fine. Can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights, starting from Thursday?|Sure!  Your reference number is VEPGFLTA.  Anything else?
No thank you. I appreciate all your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I need a place to stay that is cheap.|There are several options to choose from.
I would like a guesthouse type of place with free parking.|We have nine, and all but two are four star rated establishments.
The star rating doesn't matter. Which one is the best?|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre. Its phone number is 01223525725
Could you help me find a 3 star hotel with free wifi in Cambridge?|I found 5 hotels do you have a part of town you prefer? South, north, west or centre?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|I'm afraid there are no hotels that will meet your needs. Would you like to try a different area of town or price range?
Could you find me a hotel that is in the west with the same criteria?|It sounds like Hobsons House is the perfect guesthouse for you. Would you like me to book a stay?
What is the phone number? Do they have free parking?|Yes, they do have free parking, and the phone number is 01223304906	. Is there any other information you need?
Yes one more thing,  I am looking for an attraction in the "architecture" category and I would like it to be close to the hotel please.|I am afraid we have nothing that matches your request. Would you like to try another area?
Yes, are there any museums in that area?|There are 7 museums in the west. My personal favorite is Cafe Jello Gallery. Entrance is free! Would you like more information?
Yes, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number for Cafe Jello, please?|sure, phone number is 01223312112 postcode is cb30af and the address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
I'll also need a taxi to get between the two places, I'd like to leave Cafe Jello by 4pm.  Can I have the car type and a contact number?|Sure thing! I have you booked for a blue bmw and the contact number is 07359941913. Can I help you with anything else?
Need a place to stay on the west side, and I need it cheap.|The finches bed and breakfast is located in the west and in the cheap price range
Ok, that will work! Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does offer parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Yes please!|What day will you be checking in? I also need the number of days you will be staying and the number of people.
I'll be checking in on Saturday, and it will be for 4 people for 4 nights.|I am sorry but the finches bed and breakfast is heavily booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter number of days?
Can we get in for three nights?|Yes I can you in for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you|Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses. Do you have a specific area of town you would prefer? Or maybe a price range or number of stars you would like?
It should be on the north side of town and cheap.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer in the cheap range.|I have 2 that are cheaper. The Worth House is 4-star rated. City Centre North B&B has 0 star rating. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference?
Why don't we go with the Worth House.|I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people and for which day?
Can you book a room for Friday for 5 people, 4 nights please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is IJ1HUBDZ.
Great.  Can you also book a taxi for me to commute between these places?|I'd be happy to book you a taxi, but to do that I will need a destination or starting point, in addition to Worth House.
What about an attraction in the same area as the hotel?|I have 4 different attractions in the north. I have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I will pick one that interests me. Could you get me a taxi to take me from the hotel at 09:30?|Sure. Milton Country Park is a nice free attraction. I booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 9:30 from your hotel. It's a white audi, contact is 07080139469
Great!  I can't think of anything else I need  Thank you for your help.|No problem, happy to be assistance.
You were very helpful.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
I'd like some information about the El Shaddai.|It's a 0 star cheap guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet.
Ok, great. Can I get their phone number please so that I can contact them?|Sure! El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please and thank you. I'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? I'll be traveling from London King's Cross to Cambridge.|Sure what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to leave after 11:45.|i have train id number TR5729 leaving saturday at 13:17. would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I check on the arrival time of that train first?|It arrives by 14:08.
Thanks for the information. That's all I need.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for information about places to go in the centre of town.|Okay! There are 44 attractions in the Centre part of town. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
What do you recommend? I will need the address and attraction type of what you recommend.|cambridge university botanic gardens is a park in the centre of town. Their address is bateman street
What type of attraction is that?|It is a park, with emphasis on plants.  There are many other types of attractions as well, such as museums.
Okay, great. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like for it to have free parking and be expensive.|we have a variety, in what area do u prefer?
I'm not familiar with the areas of town, but I'd really like a 3 star guesthouse.|We have three 3-star guesthouses with free parking, but they're moderately priced and you wanted something a bit pricier. Do you think one of these would work?
Are there any hotels with 3 stars, free wifi, free parking, and expensive?|You might be interested in the Gonville Hotel in the centre of town.  It's address is Gonville Place.  Would you like me to reserve you a room?
Yes, that will be fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. We will be staying 3 nights. It will be 7 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FF7ZD6BZ. May I assist you with anything else ?
That is all. Thanks so much!|No thank you that will be all
Could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?|The Bridge Guest House is 3 stars and located in the south. Would you like me to book it?
It should be in the north, not south.|I am sorry about that,I have 2 in the north alpha-milton guest house,and hamilton lodge. Would you like a booking at either of them?
Either one.  Could you make a booking for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights|Ok I have made you a booking at the Alpha-milton guest house for 4 nights starting Wednesday for 5 people.
Great.  Can you give me a reference number please?|Sorry, the system must have glitched. I wasn't able to get you that booking, but I got you a room at Hamilton Lodge. Your Reference number is: 24FROWCO.
Okay great. That is all I need need thank you.|Have a great day!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I am looking for some suggestions on places to  go in town.|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. There are churches, museums, swimming pool, and many more attractions.  What are you interested in doing?
Perhaps I'd like to see a museum.  Are there any in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is a science museum, an art and antiques museum, and 9 others. What kind of museum are you interested in?
Does not matter can you just recommend one please.|Castle Galleries is a very nice museum in the centre, and their entrance fee is free!
Excellent. Can I please have they're phone number and address please?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. You can reach them at 01223307402.
Thank you.  I am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town.  Can you assist me with that?|You're in luck. There are 11 guesthouses in the north. What amenities are you looking for?
4 people for 5 nights starting Sunday and I also need the ref # too please|Ok great, we have you booked in the alpha-milton guest house at 63 milton road.  Your Reference number is : KPUSMIB9.  Thank you!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Looking for a place to stay in the East!|There are many can I get a price range please?
I am not particular as along as it has 4 stars and free wifi.|There are six guesthouses that meet your needs. I have heard wonderful things about Leverton House on Newmarket Road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I prefer a hotel, is there a hotel in this area that is 4 star?|I am not finding any that meet your requirements. Is there something else you are looking for?
Ok. Leverton House guest house sounds fine.  Can you book it for 2 nights on Monday?  There will be 7 people.|Your booking for Leverton House was successful. The reference number for this stay is 8RX4FFKM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me find a college in the east to tour?|There aren't any colleges located in the east. Do you want to search in other areas or do you want to find a different kind of attraction?
Could you find me a museum instead?|Sure we have many colleges to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please. And I will need the postcode for it.|I recommend, the gallery at twelve a high street, their postal is cb15dh, any further questions?
I need also a taxi to leave the hotel by 2:30|Please provide me with a Taxi that can arrive by 2;30, I would like a phone & reference number.
I'm confused. I need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 2:30. Can you help me with that?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07492685180
Thank you very much! That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that offers free wifi?|I sure can.  There are 23 guesthouse with free wifi.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
I'd love something in the east, hopefully with free parking.|Okay, there are 5 options. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Sounds like you are looking for express by holiday inn cambridge.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Yes please book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday. I will also need the reference number.|The booking was successful and reference number is ZDG5KJ7S. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that is all for now. Thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I am interested in finding local Indian restaurants to visit during my trip to Cambridge.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Moderate price range, please.|I have four indian restaurants. Do you have a area of town in mind?
I also need a place to stay and should be a guesthouse|There are 24 guesthouses to stay at around town. What area of town and price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel in the east.|There a 6 guesthouses in the east. Half of them are in the cheap range, and the other half moderate. What is your preference?
The price doesn't matter. But I need a reservation starting on Friday.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House. For the reservation on Friday, how many people will be staying and for how many days will you be staying?
5 people and 4 nights.|Booking your reservation was successful and your reference number is 47TOYZUY. Have you decided in which part of town you want me to find an Indian restaurant?
Anywhere is fine, it just needs to be moderately priced.|I have 4 at that price. 2 in east, 1 each in north and west. Any preferences?
No, any is fine really.|Okay. Then I recommend curry prince in the east. Would you like a reservation there?
Not yet.  What part of town is it in?|It is in the East section of town.
Can you make a reservation for me, please?|Sure! How many people, what time, and what day?
It will be dinner for 5 people.|Of course! What time would you like to dine?
No actually I don;t need a reservation. I just need to find a hotel that is a guesthouse with free parking, and in the east and moderately priced.|you have a booking already for the Autumn House are you wishing to book another guesthouse?
No, I only need one.|Do you need to cancel the booking?
I only need one booking.|then Booking was successful.Reference number is : 47TOYZUY.
thanks for your help. have a great day|Have a nice day.
Hi there. I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4 star rated.|Could you be more specific, for example what is the price range you are looking for?
Price doesn't really matter.  I would like free parking though.|acorn guest house has 4-stars and has free parking. Would like to book it?
Yes, for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday.|I am sorry but Acorn Guest House is heavily booked. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
What about 3 nights?|Booking was successful. Address is 154 chesterton road. Postcode cb41da. Reference number is: IOHUVGA1. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|Okay, I can help you with that! Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
I will be leaving cambridge headed to birmingham new street.|There are a lot of trains that go that route what day and time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday after 16:00 please.|The first train departing Cambridge after 16:00 is the TR2776, leaving 16:01, arriving in Birmingham, New Street at 18:44. Would you like to book a seat on this one?
Yes, please! And I'll need the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your total is 60.08 GBP, payable at the station.  Your reference number is VFIRSFKS
Thank you very much for your help.|Ca I help you with anything else?
That will be everything, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Okay good bye.|Happy to help.
I would like a 3-star hotel with free WiFi, please.|Yes, there are 5 different options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
I don't have a particular area in mind but I do also need free parking please.|How about the hamilton lodge.  It is in the north of town and meets your requirements including parking.
that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday|Your booking was successful, the reference number is CUY4J5PR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese food restaurant. Can you recommend one?|Sure, there are 4 options. I recommend charlie chan. would you like a booking?
I should have mentioned I am looking for a restaurant in the centre. Sorry about that.|Okay, the three results are the same. I still recommend charlie chan. Do you need more help today?
Yes, please book that restaurant for me. It'll be 7 people on wednesday at 14:45. I'll definitely need a reference number.|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time. Do you have another time that will work?
Thanks for trying. Let's do Thursday, please.|Booking is all set your ref number is 05MF6IQL
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello. I am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in in Cambridge. Can you help?|Yes. There are three cheap 4 star guesthouses.  There is one in the centre and two in the east.
I need one that includes free wifi.|Ok, I have several. Do you have a particular area in mind?
I'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in Centre (providing it has free wifi too) starting on Wednesday.|Yes it has fre wifi,how many people staying and how many nights please?
There will only be 1 person.|How many nights will you be needing?
I'll be staying for our nights.|Would you like that booked?
Yes, one person, 4 nights starting Wednesday. Reference number for that, parks to visit. Area, address and phone number and a taxi to arrive at 17:00, contact number and car type.|The reference number for that is: DXZBH03X. Would you like a park near the hotel? We will need more information to book the taxi, where will it be departing from and arriving to?
Yes, I would like a park near the hotel.|There are five parks. The cambridge university botanic gardens is located in the centre, just like the hotel.
That sounds great! Can I please have the address and phone number?|They are located on Bateman Street I don't know the exact address and their phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, I had mentioned I will need a taxi between the park and the hotel.|I am sorry I need a time to schedule the cab please
I wouold like to leave The cambridge university botanic gardens by 17:00|It's all booked. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please call 07681935909 if you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thanks.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a guest house that offers free parking.|I have located several guesthouses with free parking. Can you tell me the area you would like to stay in and the price range? That would help narrow our search.
Sure.  I would like it to be in the south and in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there are no matched in the South in that price range.  The South only has moderate and cheap.
i will take a moderate guest house with parking then.|I would like to recommend aylesbray lodge guest house,would that be alright with you?
Yes, five people four nights, starting from Monday on.|That wasn't available but I booked you at the Bridge Guest House.  It has everything you were looking for.  The reference number is 1AMM7M53.
Thank you, that is all.|Okay enjoy your stay.
Are there any concert halls in the west?|I am sorry there are no listings for concerthalls in the west. Is there something else I can assist you with today?
What about colleges in the west?|There are five colleges in that area. Three have no entrance fees. Would you like additional information on any of these?
No thank you. I am looking for information el shaddai hotel.|The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre part of town. It has free internet, parking and has 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you? That would be great. There are 5 of us and we plan to arrive on Thursday. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.|Okay. I've got you booked for a 5-night stay at El Shaddai for 5 nights and 5 people. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes could I get the reference number for the booking please.|Of course, Reference number is : 2SLFLKIC.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day!|Thank you and enjoy your time with us in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in town. Please give me the contact information for one.|There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter but it should have a 4 star rating.|We have 11 hotels with 4 Stars. I've heard good things about Avalon. Would you like more information?
Yes please.  Do they offer internet access and what kind of parking accommodations do they have?  Also a number to reach them would be great!|Avalon does have internet available but does not have parking. Would you prefer a different hotel?
Is the Avalon a hotel type and moderately priced with a 4 star rating?|Yes it is, would you like to book that?
No thank you but may I please have the address?|The Avalon is located at 	62 gilbert road. If you'd like me to book that, message us back. Thank you.
I'm going to think about it. I'd really prefer a hotel with parking.|Sorry, I'm not finding any 4 star moderate hotels with free parking. Perhaps you'd like a different option?
I can also check to see if we have guesthouses for that area.|there are 9 different guest houses available, any preferences?
I'd like it to be rated 4 stars.|Are you looking for an establishment in a certain area?
No, any area will do.  Could I get the address for one of them?  I'm also looking to go on a boat can you help with that?|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I'll also be needing to find boating options and their information and I'll need to arrange a taxi to and from the locations.|There are four boating option in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
As long as I can get a taxi to the boat and back that leaves the boat by 8:45 any location is fine.|Sure I can get you a taxi for any of them.
Okay I need to leave the attraction by 08:45 and I would like a contact number and a description of the car picking me up please.|I'd be happy to help you with a taxi, where will you be departing from/arriving at? And for what time?
I'll need the taxi when we finish with the boats, at 8:45, and I need it to take me to my hotel.|Well, looks like we need to select a boating attraction first and then I will be happy to arrange your taxi service. Can I recommend Camboats in the east?
Yes.  That would be fine.  Do you need to book it?|No, but here is the address and phone number: the plough, green end, fen ditton. 01223902112.
Actually, can you please book a taxi from the boats to my hotel.|I was able to book a tax from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, departing at 8:45. It will be a White Skoda and the phone number for contact is 07726151603.
Thank you SO MUCH, I know I was confusing.  Can you just tell me the entrance fee for the boats?  That is all I still need to know.|Im sorry, the entrance fees arent listed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, could I get the postcode for Camboats?|No problem at all. The postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you any further?
Will you tell me the car type?|You have a white Skoda.  That is the car type.  It will take you from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, ref. #07726151603.
Thank you so much!|It has been my pleasure. Thank you for calling!
Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket to Peterborough.|Sure, when will you be leaving Cambridge?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and leave sometime after 11:15.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
Not really. Can I also please have the travel time of the train.|okay the TR4344 matches your request and the travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
What time will the train arrive? Also, I am looking to stay at the Gonville Hotel. What availability is there for that hotel?|The train will arrive at 12:24. As for the Gonville hotel, I can check that availability...how many nights were you looking to stay?
Oh, I just wanted information. Does that hotel have free parking?|Yes, the Gonville does offer free parking.
Excellent. Thanks for the help.|You very welcome! Is there anything else we can help you with?
No, that is all I need for today.|Thanks for contacting us. Have a nice day!
I'm planning a trip and need some suggestions.  I'm looking for places to go in town.|I'm sure we can find you something you will really love. I have close to 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have a certain type of attraction in mind?
Can I get some information on nightclubs in the east area?|I'm sorry I don't have any nightclubs there. Would another part of town work for you?
how about one that is in the type of museum.|We have 4 fantastic museums in the East.  My personal favorite is the Gallery at Twelve a High Street, it is free to get in!
Could I have the phone number and postcode?|Of course! Their postcode is cb15dh and they can be reached at 01223295264. Can I help you find a restaurant in the area?
No but I need a hotel.|anything in particular you had in mind and when is your stay?
I need to be in the same area as the attraction|There are 7 results for places to stay in the east, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I don't care about that.  I do need a 4-star, moderately priced accommodation in the east area, but it doesn't need to have free parking.|I'd recommend the A and B Guest House. It meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. 1 person, 3 nights from Monday on.|I will work on getting this booked and be back with you shortly.
I will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 3 nights at A and B Guest House.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WBJGAOT8.
Thank you for your help planning my trip. I think that's everything I need for now. Have a great day!|Have a great day too! Good bye.
I am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the North side of the city please.|There are several that fit the bill. I could recommend Limehouse. Would you like me to help you book there, or are there other factors you'd like to consider?
As long as there is available parking I'd like to book my reservation there please.|I can book you at the Limehouse. when would you like the reservation?
Can I get it starting Monday for 3 nights with 6 people please|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like something else?
I need help finding a hotel called lovell lodge.|Sure, it is a moderate hotel located in the north part of town, 3654 Milton Road.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Yes please. The reservation is for 1 person. The reservation should be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.|I'm sorry, they were unable to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different day or shorter stay?
How about for only 1 night?|I have put in your booking for 1 night. The reference number is F9KP6O9O.
Great I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range please.|I have 21 possibilities. Is there a particular kind of restaurant you would like?
Yes, I'd love to eat somewhere that serves British food so I can get the full experience, you know?|I have 4 different choices that serve British food. All are moderately priced. If you don't mind, I would like to recommend the Oak Bistro. They are excellent.
That sounds fine. Please book that one.|How many will be dining and what day and time would you like the reservation for?
Actually, come to think of it I will book it later. Can I please get the address, postcode and phone number please?|Of course. The Oak Bistro is at 6 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21eg. Their phone number is 01223323361. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now.  thanks|Thank you. Good day.
I'm looking for a hotel called home from home.|Home from Home is located in the North area and is moderately priced. Would you like more information?
No, I'd like a room for 8 people. We'll be checking in on thursday for 4 nights.|I was able to book you for 4 nights starting on Thursday for 8 people.  The confirmation number is UOF6DHN8.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm looking for French food.|I would recommend Cote.  It is expensive but good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please make 8 reservations for Friday night at 19:00.|That is booked! Your reference number is HQOSMVL8. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up from?
I need to make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|You will be going to Cote by 19:00, will you be departing from your hotel?
We will be leaving from there.|What day and time do you need the taxi?
i want it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed! The taxi will be a red honda  and their Contact number	is 07854504953. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for me today! Thanks! Have a good one.|You too, enjoy your stay!
I would like to visit a college while I am in town.|Great, there are many. Any particular part of town?
Yes the west please.|I have 5 colleges in that area. Would you like queens college or maybe clare college?
How about Clare College.  Can you get me the entrance fee and phone number?|the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. the phone number is 01223333200
Great, thanks. I also need a place to stay that has free parking and wifi preferably a 4 star guesthouse in the north. What do you suggest?|I suggest Accorn Guesthouse? It is moderately  price and includes parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yep what is their postcode and phone number if you have that handy|Their postcode is cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, thanks for your help.|What dates are you needing reservations?
I haven't decided on the dates with my family yet. I will call back. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Could you help me find a restaurant in the Cambridge area called La Margherita?|Yes, I can help with that, La Margherita is in the west of Cambridge, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, can you make a reservation on thursday at 19:30 for 4 people?|I'm sorry that time and and day is not available at La Margherita, would you like to try an alternative day or time?
How about 18:30 then?|Your table has been booked for 18:30 and your reference number is: 5KN7WD73. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a very expensive hotel with 3 stars can you help me find one?|There is 1 in the center and 1 in the south. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer one with free wifi included. Do either of the hotels offer free wifi?|The Gonville hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel and offers internet.
Could you please give me the hotel phone number? I also need to know what type of hotel it is and the area it is in.|Of course, the Gonville Hotel is a hotel in the centre area and the phone number is 01223366611, would you like any more information or to book a room?
Does the hotel have a restaurant attached to it?|I do not have that information available. Would you like me to call them and ask?
No thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
is there any restaurant close to the Gonville Hotel?|The Gonville is in the Centre and La Margherita is in the west. Are you wanting to dine somewhere else?
what kind of hotel is it? Can I have their number?|The Gonville is a standard hotel. Their contact number is 01223366611.
That's all I need for now.|OK, great, I'm glad I was able to help you out!
I'm looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses that are moderately priced?|Oh, yes. I have about 15 different options for you. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in?
No, I really don't care what area, but I would like it to have a 4 star rating.|I have several 4-star guesthouses. Might I suggest the Warkworth house. It's located in the east and offers both free wifi and parking.
That sounds perfect so long as it has free parking.|It certainly does. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes.  I'll need it for 4 people starting on Saturday.  We'll be there for 5 nights.|I'm sorry, the Warkworth is unavailable for your dates. Perhaps you are flexible with your dates?
Well, is it available for at least 4 nights?|I'm sorry, four nights isn't possible either.
Actually, I misspoke. I need the room for 5 people, for 5 nights, starting Saturday. If that doesn't work, 4 nights is fine.|Your reservation for 5 people has been made for a 4 day stay at Warkworth House, arriving Saturday. Your reference number is 6DF5Q5QJ. Is there anything else I can do?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.|No problem at all. Have a great day.
Good morning. Would you be able to tell me if you have any info on a certain hotel?|Absolutely? What was the name of the hotel and I can get that information for you.
The hotel is the Lovell Lodge, I need to make a reservation if you can find it.|I have it here. It's moderately priced and is in the north. They offer free wifi and parking. Can you tell me how many to book for and how long?
Yes, I'd like to book 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is J6J0AACJ.
Thank you! That's all I needed.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'd like a train leaving Cambridge for Broxbourne, please.|What day would you like to travel?
I need to travel on Tuesday after 15:15.|I have the TR1835 going from Cambridge at 16:01 to Broxbourne at 17:01. Does that sound suitable? I can book some tickets for you if you like.
Could I get the price first?|17.90 pounds is the price.
I'm not ready to book yet.  I'm also looking for a place to stay.|I can help with that. There are 33 choices. Is there a specific price range you would like to stay in?
I really want to stay in a 0 star establishment, ideally in a moderate price range. I don't care if there's free parking, but it has to be a hotel.|The cityrooma hotel is located in the centre and is of moderate price range.  Would you like me to make reservations?
Please book it for 1 person, for 4 nights starting friday.|Your reference number is XCJE8L9R, is there anything else you need?
No I believe that will be all for now. Thank you for your help!|Alright, thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Are there any expensive places to eat in the centre?|There are more than one hundred entries that match your requirements. What type of food do you prefer?
I prefer French Cuisine, can you find somewhere that will take reservations for 3 people at 12:30 on wednesday?|The only French restaurant that fits your criteria is called Cote. They do not have any availability for Wednesday at 12:30.
Can you try for 11:30 and give me a reference number please.|That was a success. Your reference number is 2GY5ULLL.
Thanks I also need to find a hotel with a 5 star rating.|Unfortunately, I do not show any 5 star hotels.  Would you like to try a different rating?
Are you sure? I would prefer a 5 star hotel with free wifi.|I'm positive. There are however three hotels that have four stars that have free wifi, if you would like to view those options.
A 4 star rating is fine, what do you have for that?|I have two in the west area and one in the centre area. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre area is fine. Can you please book it for 3 people, starting on Wednesday for 4 nights and can I please have the reference number?|The booking for the University Arms Hotel was successful, and your reference number is 414HUS87.
Wonderful! That's all I need. Thank you very much for your help!|My pleasure. Have a great day!
I need to find a place to dine in at in Cambridge later.|we have a variety of choices. if  you can specify your price range
Give me something cheap.|There are 22 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a specific area in town you are looking for?
Area of town doesn't matter, but I would like to try north indian food.|I'm sorry I can't find any north indian restaurants, would you like to try something else?
How about a Portuguese restaurant?|none in our records. maybe if you could change the area.
The area does not matter.|There are 2 Portuguese restaurants to choose from, one on the south and one in the center, both in the cheap price range. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, I would like the area, address, and postcode for the one in the centre please.|Nandos city centre is in the centre of town at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street, with the postcode cb23ar. May I help with something else?
I am needing to find a place to stay. I would like something 4 star rated and cheap.|There are 30+ accommodations matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
The east please.|Ok great. There are three locations. I highly suggest the Leverton House. Would you like to book a room?
book for 2 people and 4 nights from friday please|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 8GXHKS3A
I also need a taxi.|Where are you travelling from/to?
I would be leaving the hotel by 10:15.|Before I can request the taxi I need to know where you are going.
from the hotel to the restaurant. Please give me the contact number and car type after you book it.|Okay great. I have your reservation and you should expect to see a yellow Volvo and their contact number will be 07739732329. Is there anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi. Could you help me with finding a hotel?|Absolutely, do you have any other requirements?
A 3 star hotel on the east side would be preferable.|I don't have anything matching your request, would you like to change your hotel location or star rating?
How about a 4 star hotel with free parking?|I'm still not finding anything. Would you like a different area?
I need a hotel for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Oh wow. I really need to find something. Would you mind looking again? 4 Star rated in the east with free parking. I would really appreciate it.|Sorry. There are no matches. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm sorry but I have a hard time believing there is no place to stay in the east with either a 3 or 4 star rating.|There are actually no lodgings of any kind in the east part of town listed.  Would you like to try another area. The centre is very popular?
Since you say there are no 3 or 4 star hotels in the east, I will settle for the centre of town.|That was a mistake. There are lots of 4 star hotels here. What is your price range?
Let's go expensive. I need to book it for 4 people for 4 nights on Thursday.|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east in the expensive range.  Would you like to try another price range, area, or star rating?
This is really frustrating. Can you find me any 3 or 4 star hotels anywhere ?|Gonville Hotel is a great hotel located in the centre. It's 3 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a room?
book for 4 people 4 nights from thursday|Okay that was comleted successfully and your reference number is E5BQH7U1.
Can you please provide me with information on the attraction cherry hinton hall and grounds?|Absolutely! It is an entertainment attraction in the east. Phone is 01223446104. Postcode is cb18dw. And address is cherry hinton road. There is no entrance fee information listed.
Could you double check for a 3 or 4 star hotel on the east side with free parking?|Leverton House is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the cheap price range with both internet and parking included. Is there anything else today?
Great thanks.  I need a taxi from Gonville Hotell to Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds at 13:15.|Your taxi was booked successfully. You will be picked up in a black Tesla by 13:15 at the Gonville Hotel and dropped off at Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.
Great. Do you have a contact number?|Their contact number is 07167487501. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That's all. Have a blessed day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi, I need a place to stay. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse type. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Are you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
No, I don't need a particular area, but I am looking for something moderately priced.|There are 15 Guesthouses with a moderate price. Do you have further criteria to narrow that down or would you like a recommendation?
I've changed my mind and would like to go ahead and pick the center of town. Wifi would be great.|I don't have a guesthouse available but i do have a hotel. Would that work?
Yes lets book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting monday.|Ok, you are all booked at cityroomz. Your reference number is QQ57BSBE.
Thank you, can you tell me about a place called the Ghandi?  I near that they have the best tandorri chicken.|Yes, they're great. I've eaten there many times. They are cheap and located in the center of town at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need a reservation?
Nope I need their phone number though and postcode when you get a chance, thanks|Their phone number is 01223353942 and postcode is	cb21dp.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
I want to find some information about a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.|Alexander bed and breakfast	is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel.
Can I get a train from stansted airport leaving after 14:45 please?|You have a number of options, but first, what day would you like to travel on, and will you be heading to Cambridge?
Yes, on tuesday. Anytime after 14:45 will work for me.|We have 9 options. Would you like the first option after?
Yes, what is the arrival time for that option?|the departure time is 15:24 and the arrival time is 15:52
Thank you I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a cheap 1 star hotel.|There are no one star hotels, but maybe I could raise the star rating and see what I could find. Any specific location you'd like to stay?
As long as it is the cheap range, it should be ok|Ok, have 10 locations, 9 of them are guesthouses & 1 hotel. The price of hotel is cheap, but its a 4 star. What type of room do you want?
Let's try the 4 star hotel, please.|The Allenbell guesthouse in the east area of town is quite nice, despite being in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room there?
Maybe, do they offer free parking?|Yes, it offers Free parking and WiFi.
Yes, could you book The Allenbell for 7 people and 4 nights, starting Tuesday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8JGLKXB8.
Hello, I'd like some information about a hotel called the hamilton lodge, please.|The Hamilton Lodge is a 3 star guesthouse located at 156 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not today I was just looking for information. Thank you though for your help.|Is that all you need for today?
I am also looking for a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after 17:00. Can you help me with that?|Certainly, what day would you like to leave, and where would you like to go?
I need the train to leave Cambridge after 17:00 on Wednesday heading to Kings Lynn.|Great. I have 7 trains that meet your criteria. The first one leaves at 17:11 and is every hour thereafter. Would you like me to book one for you?
What is the cost and trainID for the 17:11 train?|The cost is 9.80 pounds, and the train ID is TR8627. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I'll take care of it myself. I think that'll be all for tonight.|Thank you for using our service.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment.|Do you have a specific part of town in mind?
The centre part of town|There are actually no entertainment attractions in the centre of town. I would recommend the funky fun house in the east side of town
Okay may I have the entrance fee and postcode for that please?|The postcode for the Funky Fun house is cb58hy. The entrance fee is unknown
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking and 4 stars.|There are 17 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by price range or area?
it should be a hotel with wifi. find me its postcode and address|How about the Cambridge Belfry.  It's located at Back Lane Cambourne.  The postcode is CB236BW.  Would that work for you?  I can book it.
No thanks on the booking, we will do that later but that hotel is a fit for me.  I am set, thank you for your help.|Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thanks a lot goodbye.|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.|Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.|We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.|Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?|Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday.  I need to leave after 19:30.|TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.|Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.|Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.|We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I need help finding stuff for me and my ferret to do.|Sure, do you have anything in mind?  Perhaps a park?
I would prefer entertainment.|Which part of town did you have in mind?
In the town center.|We don't have any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you try a college?|I'd recommend christ's college on saint andrew's street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all for today?
No I also need to find a hotel in the same area as my attraction and have a rating of only 0.|cityroomz is available, or el shaddai if you would prefer a guesthouse.
Can I please have a reservation at El Shaddai for 4 people?|Sure!  What day do you wish to check in and for how long will you be staying?
Starting tuesday, I want to stay for 3 nights.|I've got our rooms booked.  What else can I do for you?
Can I please get the reference number for the booking?|The reference number is 075XC65O. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. That is all.|Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Do you know if there are any cheap places to eat in the North part of town?|We have two places that meet your criteria, royal spice and da vinci pizzeria, any preference between those two?
Royal spice sounds interesting, can I get the food type, address and postcode please?|The food price is cheap, postal cold cb41eh and address is victoria avenue chesterton.
What kind of food do they serve there?|Royal Spice serves Indian food.  Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant.|We have quite a few cheap and moderate priced guesthouses in the north.  Do you care about parking or internet?
I'm hoping for a 3 star place, don't care about internet.|The Hamilton Lodge meets your needs and offers parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, 7 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.|I have your party of 7 booked at Hamilton Lodge for 2 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is EW29SOTO.
Thank you for all your help!|Will that be all today?
That is all I need today.|I hope your stay is enjoyable.
Thank you! I am sure it will be thanks to your help.|excellent, have a great day!
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?|What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.|Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?|Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?|Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I will need the reference number please.|Booking was successful I will get you the reference number
Okay, I need that. Didn't they give you a reference number when you booked it?|I apologize for that. The booking number is OWXJ46II and the cost will be 22 GBP.
Thanks. Now please help me find a moderate guesthouse that offers wifi|There are 14 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge, but no area or star rating preference. Just the free wifi. Any suggestions?|I recommend avalon, which is a 4 star lodging in the north.
Okay. Can you book that for me? It will be 5 of us staying there|Okay. I just need a little bit of information to book that. What day do you want to check in and for how many nights will you stay there?
I will be staying for 3 nights starting Wednesday.|Sure, your booking was successful. Reference number is 1E4YWFGS. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now! Thank you, have a good day!|Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!
I need a train on Tuesday that arrives by 16:45.|Certainly, where is your place of departure and arrival?
I want to depart from London and arrive in Cambridge.|london kings cross or london liverpool street?
london liverpool street.|I have train TR1395 that leaves at 13:39 and will arrive in Cambridge by 15:07. Would that work for you? I would be happy to book your ticket.
For two people please. I will need the reference number. I also want to stay at the Lensfield hotel.|Your train booking was successful. You can pay the fee of 33.2 at the station. Your reference number is 14AXWO0V.
do you know the lensfield hotel? I need their phone # and how many stars do they currently have?|The lensfield is a 3 star hotel and the phone number is 01223355017. Would you like to make reservations there?
No thank you. That's all I need for now.|Ok. Enjoy your stay.
Hi! Are there any guesthouses in town that have free parking?|Yes, indeed. We have more than 20. Do you have any additional preferences?
I would like something cheap and a 4-star rated guesthouse would be better.|How about the alexander bed and breakfast?  It's got a 4 star rating and is cheap.
Can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on sunday for 5 nights?|Yes. I made a reservation for you at the Alexander for 6 people, 5 nights, starting Sunday. The reference number is Y7X3UYY5. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am looking to get a guesthouse with a 4 star rating in Cambridge please.|There are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Do you want something in a specific price range or area?
Is there one in the moderate price range that includes free wifi?|I have found 11 locations that suit your criteria. I would recommend Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not quite yet. Do they have free parking? Also, what is their address?|Yes, the sure do. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for an attraction called The Place.|The Place is a nightclub in the south side of the city.
Thank you, do you have a phone number for them?|Sure do, it's 01223324600. Anything else today?
That's all. Thank you.|Thank you, have a great day
I need to make a reservation at a hotel called El Shaddai|Sure, could you tell me when you what day you would like to book your stay at the El Shaddai at 41 Warkworth Street?
Just gathering information about the hotel first. Could you tell me what area of the city they're in, the price, and if they have internet connectivity?|Sure! They're in the Centre area. They're cheap and offer internet connectivity.
Great, I would like to book that hotel, please.|From what day do you want to book?
Actually I think I'll travel there myself thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you today, then?
That's all, thank you so much.|Okay do give us a call back if you need anything else.
While on my trip to Cambridge I need a hotel, and it is not important for it to have internet.|There are 9 hotels in Cambridge. Is there any particular star rating you would like such as a 2 or 4 star?
I am looking for a cheap hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is the only hotel showing to your specifications. Would you like to book a stay there?
Does it have free wifi? If so, please book it for me.|It does have free wifi. On what day will you be checking in?
I will need to book it on Saturday for 5 nights. The room will need to accommodate 3 people.|Great it's all booked, the reference number is 59FZCVEC
Thanks I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range serving international food|The Missing Sock fits those requests, would you like the address?
Yes, can you book a table for 3 people on Saturday?|I'd be happy to assist you, what time would you like your reservation for?
I would like to make a reservation for 11:00 on Saturday. Please provide the reference number for the reservation. Thanks|Good news! I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is QD0E91EW. Will that be all?
Thank you. That's all I need today.|You're welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you so much!|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. Got any hotels that offer that?|Almost every hotel and guesthouse in Cambridge has free parking! What area and/or price range are you looking for?
I want to be in the centre.|Here are the two choices of hotels in the Centre area that meet your criteria: Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Do either of these interest you?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes actually they both do. Would yu like to book one of them?
Not yet.  Can I get the postcode for Gonville Hotel?|Sure!  The post code for the gonville hotel is cb11ly.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
I also need a restaurant near the hotel.|Do you have a price range in mind or type?
I would like it in the centre, moderate range in price.|how about the yippee noodle bar?
That would be fine. Please make reservations for 1 on monday at 15:30.|I will do that for you now.
Thank you for helping me.|Your welcome. I am glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side that includes free parking.|I can help you with that!  First, let me get more information so that I can assist you better. Are you looking for a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 3 stars and with free wifi please.|There are none in the East. Perhaps another criteria change?
How about the north part of town?|There's the Hamilton Lodge. It's a moderate price guesthouse that has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for one person for 4 nights starting Friday.|How many people are in your party?
Just myself for 4 nights starting friday please.|I made a reservation for 1 person at the hamilton lodge for 4 nights and for 1 person.  Here's their phone number 01223365664.  Have a nice stay!
Can I please get the reference number and I also need to book a train for Tuesday.|Sure! The reference number is 8PW074CW. As far as the train, where are you headed?
I am looking to leave Cambridge after 11:15 and travel to Broxbourne.|Which day do you want to travel?
I'd like to leave on tuesday, and could you give me the travel time?|Yes! Trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne have a travel duration of 60 minutes. The most suitable for you appears to be TR2368, leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 12:01. Would that work?
That will work for me. I don't want to book just yet, though. Thanks for your help. Good bye.|Well if there is nothing else I can help you with, have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay with 4 stars.|What area are you looking to stay in?
I'm looking to stay in the north please.|We have eight 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a specific price range or do you need certain amenities?
any can do as long it has a moderate price range|Okay I could recommend the Acorn Guest House that is moderately priced and rated 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Sounds good.  I need it for 3 nights starting Friday.  There are 6 of us.|I have successfully booked you at the acorn guest house for 3 nights starting on Friday.  Your reference number is Z6DIM0YM.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge on Friday.|Where will you be departing from?  I have a number of trains to choose from.  What time would you like to leave?
I will be departing from Norwich and should arrive by 16:30.|TR4828 departs at 14:16 and arrives by 15:35. Would you like a ticket?
how much will that train cost me?|It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book this?
No, thank you. I'll call back when I'm ready to book. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for an attraction in the category of swimming pool.|I've got four pools for you. What area are you in?
I'm pretty open. Can you list the areas? I'll choose one of the four.|Yes, west, east, south and north.
Please tell me about the locations of some pools in the south.|I am sorry but there are none in the south. I have one east, two north and one centre.
One in the east is fine. I need the address please?|The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a guesthouse in a moderate price range.|What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but it should have 4 stars please.|The acron guest house is awesome. I would suggest that place.
Could you book rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Saturday?|I have you booked for 4 days.  What else can I do for you?
I will need the reference number.|the reference number is 9g1eycif.
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!|No problem.  Enjoy your stay.
I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.|Ok, what day will you be traveling?
Thursday. I need to arrive by 12:45.|The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?
Yes, that works.  Can I get the train id number and the price please?|the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.
I need to find me a room as well.|What part of town would you prefer?  And, do you need internet?
Looking for something in the North, cheap price range please. Don't care much about internet.|There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. The City Centre North B and B, and the Worth House. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Sure, Saturday for 5 nights and 7 people.|I have booked the Worth House for you. The reference number is G7TDBIJU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does the Worth House have a star rating of 4?|Yes, the Worth House has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting saturday for 7 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is G7TDBIJU.
Thank you that will be all I need.|Okay, have a nice day! Bye!
I need a train to Cambridge. I am currently at Birmingham New Street.|Sure, when do you want to leave?
Tuesday, I'd like to arrive by 14:00, please.|Train TR4931 leaves Tuesday at 10:40 and arrives by 13:23 in Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, I would like to book for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8S88SBMF.
Great! Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a guesthouse?|Sure i will find you one and inform you as soon as possible
I need to find a place to stay. I want a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I can do that. What area are you staying in, and what days?
I need the place to be a guesthouse.|sory can you teel as about star of the hotel and the place
Any guesthouse with free parking and free wifi will work. Could you tell me where one is and the # of stars?|I would recommend the Archway House, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north side at 82 arbury road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
No but I am needing a train to stevenage.|On which day  will you be travelling?
We will travel on Friday.|There are 10 trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They run every 2 hours, and the first one is at 5:21. What is your preference?
I'll need a train that arrives by 10:15 and book for 6 people.|Ok, I've booked booked passage for 6 on TR6334. Total price is 76.8 GBP. Reference number is 9H137NC2. Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been fantastic. Thanks for all your help!|Great, glad I could assist you. Have a good day!
i want to go to a museum in the west area of the town.|I have found 7 museums in the West area of town. What type of museum would you like to visit?
Can you list 2 of them for me to choose from? Thanks|Cafe jello gallery and people's portraits exhibition at girton college are the two places I would recommend. Do you need anything else?
May I get the phone number and Postcode for the Cafe Jello Gallery?|Of course. The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112.  The post code is cb30af. May I be of further assistance?
I am also looking for the Warkworth House. What area is that in?|It is in east.  Need a reservation?
Yes please. I need it for 1 person, 2 nights starting on Monday please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : OTQ22OMB.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for a certain cool place to go in town. Could you help me narrow it down?|Sure, are you looking for an attraction in a particular area?
Yes. I'd like the attraction to be located in the Centre.|There are 79 attractions in the center. Are you looking for something in particular?
Ah, so sorry, I am looking for a theatre. And if you could tell me about any entrance fees?|There are four theatre's in the centre of town. I am sorry but there is no information available on their entrance fees. Would you like more information on one of them.
Are you absolutely sure? Usually there's some kind of indication about cost of entry.|Okay can I recommend adc theatre then?
Okay. I also need a place to stay that is cheap and includes free parking.|The Alexander bed and breakfast  and el shaddai are in the centre area. Would you like a room booked in either one of those?
Yes please. Can you book that for 3 nights starting Friday for 7 people?|Yes! I have a booking with a reference number for you and it is 2CBG2VCY.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I want to try a local restaurant called Jinling noodle bar, can you help?|Absolutely! The address of the restaurant is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, and their telephone number is 01223566188. Would you like me to help you find a taxi there?
No thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on wednesday?|Alright, your table has been booked at the Jinling Noodle Bar for Wednesday at 17:30 for 2 people. Your reference number is VJ15Q075. Is there anything else I can do?
I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free parking and free wifi.|Do you have an area of town you prefer?
I do not prefer a particular area of town but I would like the hotel to be a  guesthouse.|There are 21 accommodations that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you prefer?
I do not care about the price range|The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
That sounds great. Yes please!|In order to book your room I will need to know the dates you will be staying and the number of guests.
I would like the booking starting on Wednesday for 2 people please.|And how many days would you like to stay?
I need to book a room for two nights please.|I have made a booking for you for two nights. Your reference number is 1H5BM0PN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you!  I also need to get a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 17:30.|Your taxi has been booked and it is a red honda and its contact number is 07876946762.
.
Thank you for your help. Good Bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
I have to find a place to stay pretty quick.  It has to have free wifi so I can work.  Can you help me find something?|Yes, what is your price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I don't care where it is.  I just want a cheap guesthouse.|The AllenBell is in the east. Their number is 01223210353. Can I book that for you?
As long as it has free parking and internet that will be fine.|Yes it does have both free internet and parking.  Can I help you make a reservation?
Sure. Would you book that starting Friday for 3 nights for 7 people?|Unfortunately, I couldn't secure a room at a cheap guesthouse for those nights. Would you like to try a different price range?
Can you make the same reservation but for 2 nights instead of 3?|I was able to successfully book that room for 2 nights. Your reference number is K7TSORMC. Is there something else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge that arrives by 17:30.|Sure, where will you be traveling to and what day?
I will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on sunday.|I can get you on the TR2-25, leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 07:06.
That sounds good, please book that for 7 people.|Thank you, I booked you 7 seats on TR2025 departing 05:21 and arriving 07:06. The cost is 211.67 GBP and your reference number is 5GWIPH95.
Thank you. That will be all.|Terrific, thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Please locate me an italian restaurant in the Centre area.|There are 9 such restaurants. Do you want a specific price range?
It should be expensive.|There are four choices which match your requirements. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
No preference really, you pick. I'll need the address please.|Okay, how about Caffe Uno. It's located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great I also am looking for a hotel called Cityroomz|Cityroomz is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range what information would you like about it?
Yes can I please have the address?|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, That's all I need. Thank you.|Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
I am trying to locate information about four star hotels in Cambridge.|There is a huntingdon marriott hotel here, kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to book?
No, I just need one that is in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the moderate price range, would you like to search for something else?
I need one in the south of town.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in the south part of town that have 4 stars.  I do have a guesthouse that matches those parameters, would that do?
how about with 4 stars then?|Yes, there is one named Ayles Bray Lodge Guest House.   Does that sound good?
Yes. I need to book it for 2 people starting Monday.  And we will be staying for 5 nights. Do they have room to fit us in?|They do have a room available.
Can you book it please?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZB5OQSQ5. what else can i help you with today?
That's it. Thank you.|Do you need me to look up any more info?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I have already done that. The information is above.
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food and needs to be in the same price range as the hotel.|the varsity restaurant is a lovely place, shall I reserve a table there for you?
No thank you, I would just like to get the postcode and phone number, please.|The phone number is 01223356060.
What's their postcode?|Their postcode is cb23ar.
Thank you. That will be all for now. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay.
Hi there. Can you help me find a train leaving on Friday?|Please tell me what town are you departing from and what is your destination?
On Friday, I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 16:45.|There are over 100 trains available, could you please provide a departure location?
I would like to leave from london kings cross.|ok I have one leaving by 05:17, TR5219, would that be fine?
Do you have one that arrives a little closer to 16:45. I don't want to get in too early.|TR8842 will get you there at 16:08.  May I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 8 people.  I'm also looking for a guesthouse type hotel with free parking in the moderate range.|Do you have a preference for the number of stars or the area?
May I have a reference number for that train, please?|Your reference number is RRNTTR7Z. We also have quite a few guesthouses, do you have an area you'd like?
For the guesthouse, do you have one in the moderate price range that includes free parking?|There are 12 options for moderately priced guesthouses, any area preference?
The area doesn't matter. I just need one with rooms available for 3 nights starting on Friday.|For how many people?
I need it to be for 2 people.|The Acorn Guest House on 154 Chesterton Road should be sufficient, shall I reserve a room for you now?
Yes, please, and I'll need the reference number.|I was unable to book that room for you. Can we try a shorter stay or a different place perhaps?
Sure, please try 2 nights.|The booking was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day?
Could we please try a different hotel that is close to The Acorn Guest House?|I checked with all 7 guesthouses in the north and none are available for even a one day stay starting Friday.  Could we try a different day?
Well I guess I'm out of luck, unless there are hotels in adjoining towns I could try.|Sorry, we only work with places in cambridge.
I am so sorry, can we start over with the guesthouse?  I do need a moderate, but for 8 people.   Still arriving Friday for 3 nights.|I could not book a room for that number of nights on those days in that area.  Perhaps try a different area?
Please try 2 nights on Friday and see if that works.  For a guesthouse, please.|Your room is booked at acorn guest house for 8 people and 2 nights starting on Friday. Reference number is 3M1I4Q7S. Anything else I can help with?
No, that should be all I need.  Thanks for your help!|It was a pleasure being of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge and call again if you need any further assistance. Goodbye!
I need to stay in the north, 0 stars.|I have found a guestgouse with a cheap price range. Would you like me to book it?
Actually I would prefer a moderate hotel.|I have the Archway House that is 4 stars. And is located in the north. Would you like me to try to book that?
I'm sorry, I misspoke a moment ago. I need a hotel in the cheap range if you can find one.|The City Centre North B&B is a cheap, 0-star guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to try booking a room there?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 nights for 4 people beginning Friday.|Unfortunately I could not book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes please find another hotel.|I was able to book you for the Worth house which meets all of your criteria, your reference number is RJUMPPNC
Thank you for your help, that is everything that I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday leaving after 21:00 please.|TR8873 leaves at 22:01 and arrives at 24:44. Would you like me to book?
For three people please. And can you give me the reference number?|Your total is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 5AXU412R. Can I help with something else?
I would like to book a cheap hotel in the south area.|I have one called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast which is actually a guesthouse. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and find me the cheapest rate.|Yes how many nights will you be staying and when will you be arriving?
I will be there for 3 nights.|What day does your stay begin?
I would like it for wednesday|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, that would be great.|OK, your booking was successful. The reference number is UNV1RXY7. Can we help you with anything else?
Thank you! Yes, what is the star of the hotel please?|This is a four star hotel.
get me the address of the hotel and phone number|the address is 53 roseford road and the phone number is 01223512596
thanks a lot, that is enough for today|Please let us know if there is any way we can assist you in the future. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the Pizza Express|There seems to be two locations.  They are both located in the centre of town.  One is on Regent Street City Centre, and the other is on Jesus Lane Fen Dutton.
Ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at 18:30 on saturday and I need the reference number too please|Ok, you are all booked at the pizza express on regent street. Reference number is 1ASQ2S6Y.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called the Autumn House.|Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse in the east area of town with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I need it for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people.  Please send the reference number.|I was able to book your room for Autumn House. The reference number is 9IUTQ641. Is that all you need?
No, I'll also be needing a taxi to get between the two places, I'll need it to get to the restaurant by the booked time.|you will be riding in a gray toyota contact # is 07710210724
Groovy like Greg Brady!  That is everything,  Thank you for your help.|No problem at all, you have a great trip!
Can you help me book some train tickets?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.|You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?|Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Yes one ticket to hogwarts please?|Ah, sorry, unfortunately there are no trains leaving to Hogwarts after September 1st.
I am sorry, poor joke. I am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 3 tickets and ref number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2WI5Y9KV. Anything else I can do?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free parking as well.|There are no guesthouses that fit your needs. Would you like a hotel? There are several available.
How about one that is cheap?|There are several cheap guesthouses in all areas of Cambridge. Do you have an area preference?
I am not looking in any specific area. A cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking would be great. Can you recommend one?|Absolutely! I recommend Autumn House. Would you like a reservation?
yes i would like a reservation. thank you.|I can help with that!  I just need to know your arrival date, the number of people that will be staying, and how many nights you'd like to stay.
Thanks, I need for 3 people for 2 nights. Arrival is on Tuesday.|Sure I have your reservation and the reference number is ZYSDXL09.
Thank you for all your help. That is all for now.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello!  I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need information on places to stay.|ok Id be happy to help with that would you like a guesthouse or Hotel
i don't have a preference. I would like a room with a 0 star and free parking|Okay there is city centre north b and b would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer one in the east. How about a 4 star hotel with free parking there instead?|There are no 4 star hotels in the east section of town that offers free parking. Would you like to search for a guesthouse?
Yes that is fine I need the price range as well.|I have several options in the cheap or moderate price range with parking and wifi. How does the leverton house sound?
What is the price range of the Leverton House?|It's cheap. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please. I also need a train that leaves after 9:00 on sunday|Can you please tell me how long your stay at the Leverton will be? What day will you be checking in and how many people?
Actually, I apologize no need to book, I was just gathering information.  But I do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge.|TR1079 leaves at 09:09 would that work for you?
That works for me.|Is there anything else I can help you with today, bookings or more information?
Can you tell me the price of the train ticket, please?|The price of the train is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you so much, that's all I need.|You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful visit.
I hope so. Can I call any time?|We are available anytime, enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?|I found 14 hotels that match your criteria. Do you have any additional preferences such as location or number of stars?
free parking and moderate pricing|Would you like a certain area of town?
Yes, can you check the north please?|There are 9 hotels that match your criteria. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
No preference. I need someplace that can accommodate a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning Wednesday.|How about home from home, a 4star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road?
Yeah, can you book it for 4 people and 5 nights? I want to get there on wednesday.|Okay, I have made your reservation with reference #I1RR2BG7. Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you locate a shopping mall near the hotel?|there aren't any shopping malls.
Could you recommend a good place for shopping?|I only have attraction information.
Ok.  I need a train after 14:00 on Wednesday. It needs to leave from London Liverpool Street and get to Cambridge.  I need the train ID please.|The TR7978 is the one you are looking for. It leaves London Liverpool Street and 15:39 and arrives at Cambridge at 17:07. Do you need me to book it for you?
Great that was all the info I needed today, thanks!|Great. Please enjoy your stay at Cambridge and thank you for choosing our help desk.
I need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by 20:45.|What day are you traveling, and to which station?
I'll be traveling on wednesday, and I will be go to peterborough.|We have 30 such entries. Do you have a time you'd like to leave by?
Any time is fine as long as I can book for four people. I also need the reference number, please.|Alright. I booked your train leaving Cambridge at 19:34 and arriving in Peterborough at  20:24. The reference number is A8T38EJZ.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) with free wifi.|There are 9 different hotels that have free wifi that aren't guesthouses, do you have a price range in mind?
No particular price range but I would like it to be in the centre.|Cityroomz is a moderately priced hotel with internet. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work. Can I get the hotel's phone number?|Sure thing, their number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you for your help!|Okay. Call us back if you need me to book anything for you.
Thanks, have a good day.|You, too. Goodbye.
Hi. I need a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after 21:30.|Where do you want to go?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|I have train TR2182 departing Wednesday at 22:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 22:58. Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect, I will need 3 tickets and a reference number please.|I was able to book you 3 tickets for that train. Your reference number is NYP3RNM4. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, did you have any other requirements?
Is it also in the cheap price range? Does it include free wifi?|I have 9 entries meeting all 3 requirements, are you looking for a certain part of the city?
No - could you please choose one for me? I don't like to stress out too much about travel arrangements.|Sure. The Alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre, and their phone number is 01223525725. Should I book you a room?
Yes, thank you.|I will need some more information to book a room, what day will you arrive, for how many people and how many nights?
I will be arriving Wednesday. We will need a room for 4 people.|Ok great I will book you a room for 4 people. How many nights would you like?
Let's just do one night for now. Can I cancel the reservation if I decide I don't need it?|You will have to contact the hotel directly to do that, do you still want to book the room?
No, thank you.  I am not ready to reserve quite yet.  Could you just tell me the postcode for The Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|The postcode is cb12de. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book the room and get the reference number please.|Ok. I am trying to book the hotel for 4 people for 1 night. You wanted the hotel for Wednesday night, right?
Actually I would just like the postcode and telephone number.|Sure.  The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should do it, thanks!|We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.|Here are two suggestions on the east side, Curry Prince, Indian cuisine, and Pizza Hut fen dittion, Italian.
Please book a table for two at the Curry Prince on Sunday at  15:45|Your booking has been completed.
Can I have a reference number please?|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is SN8PDT2I.
Thank you.  I also need a place to stay.|Do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.|I have 18 results that fit your criteria. What area would you like to stay in, and what is your price range?
I would like something moderately priced and include free parking.|I would recommend the carolina bed and breakfast, which is located on the east side of town. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes please book a for the same group of people for 4 nights on the same day.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is KLDPGQ5D. Will that be all?
I also wanted some help booking a taxi if that's possible.|Absolutely! What time would you like me to set up a taxi?
I want to be at the restaurant by 15:45.|Would the taxi be picking you up at the carolina bed and breakfast?
Yes please.  And I'd need the contact number and car type.|What will your destination be?
The restauarant by 15:45, please.|Do you have a preference in car?
Just something to get me from point A to point B, please.|Your taxi is a white Toyota. Your contact number is 07519034481. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for today. Thank you so much.|No thank you that will be all
I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.|TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!|All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.|There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel, does that fit the criteria?|Yes cityroomz is a zero star hotel.
Please book cityroomz for the 7 of us for Saturday for 4 nights, please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DIKDJE0U.
Thanks, I don't need anything else now! Bye!|Have a great stay!
I am looking for information about the kirkwood hotel.|Great! What would you like to know about it?
Do they have internet, and also what is the postcode?|Yes, they have free wifi and their postcode is cb42da. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No that is all, good bye.|Okay goodbye, have a nice day.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has free wifi.|Ok.  Were you hoping for a particular price range or part of town?
I don't care about the part of town or the price range, but it needs to be a three star hotel.|The Hamilton Lodge would be perfect! It is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the north side of town. Does that sound okay to you?
Does the The Hamilton Lodge have both free wifi and free parking?|Yes, it does. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes please book the Hamilton Lodge.|What night would you like me to book for you, and for how many people?
Wednesday, 6 people, for five nights, please.|I am sorry, the Hamilton is already booked. Would you be interested in the Bridge Guest House instead? It is the same as the Hamilton but is in the Southern area.
Yes, that will be fine.|Okay. I was ablt to book you into there and your reference number is O4BPEOXQ.
Great. Thanks so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it. Thank you.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I am planning a trip and am hoping you can help with some places to go when I get into town.|Great, we have 79 attractions, do you have a particular type or area of town?
No particular area but I would like to go swimming. Are there any swimming pools?|Could I recommend abbey pool and astroturf pitch it is very nice.
That sounds nice.  What area is that pool in?|That is on the east side of town.
Perfect. I am also looking for a hotel in the south side.|There are several, did you have a price range preference?
No, but I want something 4-star that offers free wifi.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a great deal for a guesthouse that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I do not want to book yet, just gathering information. What is the postcode?|The post code is cb22ha is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the pool?|What time do you want to go?
I need to leave the hotel by 6:00, need the contact # and car type please|red skoda #07340785160
Thank you, that was quick.   That is all I need, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Could you help me choose a train running from Stansted Airport to Cambridge?|Certainly. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday after 21:15 please.|There is a train leaving at 22:24 from Stansted Airport on Sunday. Would you like me to book it?
yes, that would be great.|How many tickets do you need?
actually just tell me how long the trip is|The duration is 28 minutes. May I help with something else?
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.|Do you want a hotel or a guesthouse ?
I would like a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, please.|Sorry, I don't have any 3 star hotels in the moderate price range. Would you like to try a guesthouse or a 2 star hotel perhaps?
I don't care what area. Can you double check please? I also need wifi.|There are no results. Perhaps we could try a different type or star rating?
Sure, let me know what is available.|I have 2 star rating hotels. Would that work for you?
Yes, whateveryou recommend, can we book it for two people and four nights starting friday?|Booking was successful for the ashley hotel. Reference number is : OF50YGXK.
Thanks for your help. Have a great day.|You are welcome, goodbye til next time.
I need a train departing from cambridge on friday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving Cambridge and need to go to Broxbourne on Friday.|There are 19 trains for Friday that fit your needs, would you like to narrow that down with a time you would like to depart?
I need to arrive by 18:15 please.|First one arrives at 10:01, how many tickets please?
Just one please. I also need a place to stay with 0 stars and an expensive price.|Okay your reference number is PLUBRYFC.  I'm sorry but we don't have any expensive hotels with 0 stars. Do you have any other preferences?
I suppose 1 star would also be acceptable.|I'm sorry but we don't have any expensive hotels with 1 stars, either. Do you have any other preferences?
Okay, how about one that is in the cheap price range, instead?|City Center B&B and El Shaddai are cheap guesthouses with 0 stars.
Is that in the north area of town?|City centre is located in the north and el shaddai is located in the centre.
Can I get their postcode and addresses and whether or not they free parking? Thank you.|Their address is 41 warkworth street, cb11eg. They do have free parking, can I make you a reservation?
No thank you, that is all the information I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Could you give me information about the museum of classical archaeology?|Sure, it's located in the west and admission is free.
Awesome, do that have a phone number?|Their phone number is 01223335153. Was there anything else you need to know?
What is the address?|Their address is sidgwick avenue. Is there anything else you needed to know?
I am also looking for a guesthouse to stay in|I can help with that.  Is there a part of town you prefer?
Yes, I would prefer the south please.|OKay I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't really mind, as long as it has 4 stars.|I highly suggest Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, book the hotel for three people, five nights, starting Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LK7L08A7. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Could you recommend a local hotel with free parking?|Sure, there are 8 hotels that offer free parking. Would you like to stay in a specific part of town, or want a certain prince range?
Yes, I would like those in the south of town in the expensive price range.|I would like to recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is located in the south in the expensive range with free parking.
Great. Please book it for 5 nights starting Thursday.|For how many people would you like me to book that hotel?
Could you book it for 7 people, please. And what is the reference number?|I am sorry they have no rooms available. Perhaps another hotel, I am sorry about this.
Yes please and I need a reference number after booked please.|I also have Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south. It's moderately priced. Would that work for you?
I really want one in the same price range, please.|I got you a room at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference number is: 8OFBIII9. Anything else you need today?
No, thank you for helping me.  Good bye.|Okay. Glad I could be of help and enjoy your stay.
Can you help me book a three star hotel with internet?|Which side of town are you interested in staying?
i suggest whale of time. i need its address, entrance fee and postcode|Sorry, I didn't understand your last request. I understand that you're looking for a 3 star hotel with internet. Is there a certain area you are interested in staying?
I want a particular one called whale of a time, can you find that?|Yes! Would you like their information?
Yes please, could i get their address, postcode and entrance fee if they have one?|Whale of a Time is located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their postcode is cb238el. Their entrance fee is not listed.
I am also interested  in finding a 4 star guesthouse type hotel in the moderate price range with free wifi.|There are several However I need to know how long your stay is going to be when and for how many please?
I am not booking a room yet I just need information.  Please make a suggestion and provide the address.|There are 11 results but the first listing is a and b guest house located at 124 tenison road.
I will also need a taxi to commute please.|To clarify, you'd like a taxi from Whale of a Time to A and B Guest House, correct? What time would you like the taxi?
From A and B Guest House at 01:00 to Whale of a Time, please.|Sure, lookout for a black Tesla contact number 07230031614. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Would I be able to get a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross?|Sure!  What day will you be travelling?
I need to leave after 21:15 on saturday|TR0925 leaves cambridge at 21:00 and arrives in cambridge at 21:51. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book me 2 tickets and provide me a reference number.|Your reference number is VYR91INX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like it to have a rating of 4 stars.|I have 8 different guesthouses in the north.  Do you have a preference on price?
No preference on price and it doesn't have to include parking.|I have the acorn guest house located at 154 chesterton road.
That works I think.|Would you like to book a reservation at this time?
Yes, I need it for 2 people, staying 3 nights, starting wednesday|Your hotel has been booked!
I need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 1 night though, and a reference number too please|Sure, I adjusted that for you, your booking was successful and the ref number is RP2PZDYV.
Great, thank you!|welcome and have a great day
have a great day too|thanks for using our service.
I am in the market to book a hotel tonight.|Okay I can help you with that. What area will you be staying in and what is your price range?
I'll be on the north side and it should have free wifi.  I'd like a guesthouse please.|The Avalon guest house is nice.  It is at 62 Gilbert Road.  Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking and can I get the phone number please?|They do not offer free parking at the Avalon. Their phone number is 01223353071. Can I reserve a room for you or is there anything else you need?
Yes I need train tickets leaving cambridge on sunday|May i please know you destination, preferred time of departure and arrival so i filter the results i have.
I am leaving kings lynn anytime after 12:00|The TR5507 train matches your description. The price is 7.84 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
What is the arrival time for the TR5507?|The arrival time of the TR5507 is 12:58.
Thanks you've been a great help.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am coming to cambridge and need a hotel in the north area. Can you find me one?|Sure.  We have the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge, both moderately priced.
Okay, thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
None.  Both parties hung up the phone.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs?
Wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the Ashley Hotel? And do they have internet there?|The Ashley Hotel is located at 74 chesterton road with a postal code of cb41er and their phone number is 01223350059.
I would also like to book a train please.|I can certainly help you with that. Where are you departing from/going to and what times do you need to leave and arrive by
I'm going from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Monday. I'd like to be there by 18:30 if possible.|TR7786 will get you there at 17:51.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect. Can I get 5 tickets please?|Definitely. Your are booked for 5 with a total of 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is VOU7M1EH.
Thank you.  That is all I needed.  Goodbye.|Glad to be able to help. Don't hesitate to get in touch if you need anything else.
Hello, I'm looking for some information about places to stay in Cambridge. I would like to know the most inexpensive price range located to the north.|There are 2 guesthouses in the area I recommend worth house, would you like me to book that?
Does that have free wifi?|Yes, both options have free wifi. Worth House has four stars and is really quite nice. Would that work for you?
That sounds like a great choice.|What day would you like to reserve?  How many days will you be staying and how many people will be staying in the reserved room?
I would like the phone number, postcode, and star of the hotel|Worth House has a 4-star rating and their postcode is cb41da. They can be reached by phone at 01223316074. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me information on the restaurant the Rice Boat?|The rice boat serves indian food and is expensive in the west area.  The phone number is 01223302800.
I would like to book a table for four at 11:15 on Sunday.  Can you help me with that?|Sure thing! You have the table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OGZ024O7.
Thank you! That's all I need.|Okay great. Glad I could help.
Have a great day!|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for places to visit in the centre of town.|There are 79 attraction near the center of town. Are you looking for something in particular?
No. Can you recommend something in the centre?|Yes, I would recommend the All Saints Church. What information would you need for this attraction?
Could you provide me with the address and postcode?|cb58bs 	jesus lane
Thank you. I'm also interested in finding a hotel. I prefer one that includes free parking.|Okay, I found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Could you please tell me what part of town you're interested in?
The north please and cheap.|Do you have a preference in stars?
No preference. Whichever one you recommend.|In that case, I would suggest the worth house.
Does it have wifi?|Wifi is included, are you interested in a booking?
No I just need the post code and the address please.|Of course. The postcode is cb41da. The address is 152 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Is there a train I can take from cambridge that leaves after 18:15?|The TR1006 leaves at 19:00.  Would that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and go  Leicester.|Sure. The TR9517 leaves at 18:21 on Sunday for Leicester. Would you like me to book it?
No need for a booking, right now. Could you tell me the arrival time?|the arrival time is 20:06
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.|Do you have a specific area in mind?
No, but I do need free parking and wifi. Also, are there any 0-star places? I'm feeling adventurous.|cityroomz is a moderately priced 0 star, but they don't provide parking. It's in a totally sketchy area called Sleeperz. Want to give it a shot?
Please give me the correct area of town.|it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road
Could you book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday?|Booking was successful starting wed. Reference number is : N18DU4NR. CityRoomz, sleeperz hotel, station road, cb12tz.
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me find an attraction in the west part of town?|What type of attraction are you looking for?
a park for kids or a mini mall ?|In the west there are no parks. But there are colleges, museums, and an entertainment place called Whale of a Time if you are interested.
please get me the postcode. I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking.|The post code for Whale of a Time is cb238el. The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs perfectly. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is that a four star hotel?|Yes, the Cambridge Belfy is a 4 star hotel in the west area.
What is their address and phone number?|The phone number is 01954714600 and the address is back lane cambourne.
Perfect, that is all I need to today! Thank you.|Thank you. Goodbye
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre of town.|There are 21 restaurants in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
Ok, how about chinese food?|Yes, I recommend the Ian Hong House in the centre. Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes please, I would like a table for 6 at 11:30 on Friday.|I have booked a table for 6 people on Friday at 11:30, your reference number is 452NKGSN.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need a hotel same price range as restaurant that includes free wifi and parking. Can you help with that too?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a specific area of town?
Well, let see. I am eating in the centre of town, so let me find a place in the centre.|Sorry, I'm not finding anything. Want to change your location?
Lets try a expensive price range|We have two hotels that fit your criteria.  One has 3 stars, the other 4.  Do you have a preference?
No preference really, just recommend one for me|Okay! How about University Arms Hotel on Regent Street?
Sure, does it have free wifi and free parking?|yes they have both internet and wifi
Great, thanks! What about free parking?|Yes they have free parking as well.
Thanks. And now could you also provide me with the address for that location?|Absolutely. The hotel is located on regent street.
thanks for the information. have a great day|Thank you for using our service!
I'd like to find the Lensfield Hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is location on 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en. Would you like to look at booking a room?
Yes please I will be there three nights. Send me a reference number please.|Sure, I can do that.  Can you let me know what days you would like to stay?
I'll be there on Tuesday.|You're all set; your reference number is:  0IKY6DF0. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town.|Should it be in the same area of town as the hotel?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre of town.|adc theatre fits those criteria. Would you  like more information on it?
I need their entrance fee and phone number.|I do not know the entrance fee but the phone number is 01223300085.
I will give the theatre a call, thanks. I also need help with a taxi between the hotel and the theater, please.|and for what time please?
I want to leave by 8:15.|Your taxi reservation on a blue Skoda was successful. The contact number is 07066636790.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a theater.|ADC Theatre is in the centre of town.
Can you give me their phone number and postcode?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223300085 and postcode is cb58as.
Do you know if Alexander bed and breakfast offers free parking?|Yes I can confirm the Alexander offers parking. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
No thanks, I was just looking for information. I think that takes care of everything I needed. Thanks for the help.|Okay, great!
I'm looking for a train that departs cambridge on saturday.  Any ideas?|There are 202 trains that leave Cambridge on Saturday.
I would like to leave after 16:30 and would like to go to kings lynn.|There are 7 trips that would work. The earliest leaves at 17:11 and the latest leaves at 23:11. The train ride will be 47 minutes. What would you prefer?
I'm interested in the earliest one. What is the train ID?|That's the TR2840.
Alright, are there any 1 star hotels that offer free parking?|I am not showing any hotels with 1 star that have free parking, would you like to look for something else?
Does any of them have free wifi?|Sorry, no, I do not see any one star hotels with free wifi. Would you like to try another option?
Are there any with 4 stars?|We have three 4 star hotels that provide free internet and free parking.  Is there an area you would prefer to stay at?
Any place is fine, I go with whatever you recommend.|I recommend The Cambridge Belfry, a cheap 4-star hotel on the west side. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please and I'll also need the postcode.|I need more information on the number of nights and people.
I need the postcode, hotel type, and price range for The Cambridge Belfry.|the postcode is cb236bw. it is a hotel in the cheap price range. when would you like to stay from, how many people, and for how long?
Forget about booking it, just please tell me what type of hotel it is.|The cambridge belfry is a hotel, not a guesthouse. May I help  with something else?
That was all I needed.  Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am trying to book a train to broxbourne. Can you help me?|Yes I can. When will you be traveling?
I need to arrive by 15:00 on wednesday and depart from cambridge please.|TR8300 Departs at 05:01, would that work for you?
Yes - could you make a reservation for 3 people and provide me the reference number?|Three people are booked. The reference number is 9W4723ZW. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay in the east that has a cheap price range.|We have 3 for you. All are guesthouses and located in the east. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house. All have 4 stars and offer free wifi & parking.
Excellent. That's all I need thanks.|Are you sure I can't help you with a booking or more information about one of the hotels?
Actually, yes.  Can you give me the address and postcode for Autumn House?|The address is 710 newmarket road and the postal code is cb58rs. May I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Ok, if you need any further assistance, feel free to contact us again at any time. Have a wonderful day.
I need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find anything that matches your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a 4-star place?|I have several places that meet your criteria. Do you have an area you are interested in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I will want to book it from monday.|I would recommend Acorn Guest House.  How many people will be in your party and for how many days?
It is just me this trip and I'll be there for 3 nights.|What day will you be arriving?
I'll be arriving on Monday.|Your room is booked under ref# 54KH70IQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
As long as I don't need anything beside the reference number.  Thanks|Alright, enjoy your stay and have a great night!
I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.|I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area.|I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.|Ok I will book it for you
Hi. I am looking for information about a hotel called Home from home.|I can help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced. It has a 4-star rating and offers free parking and wifi.
i would like to go there soon, so thank you for the information|You are welcome! Can I help you book that?
No, thanks. I do need to look for a train, too. Can you help me?|Yes, can you  tell where you are going and coming from please?
I need to leave from Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Thursday.|Ok, how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for 4 people. I need something that leaves after 10:45 as well.|We have many trains that match your request, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No any of them are fine. Please give me the reference number too.|I have booked your party of 4 on the TR3262 departing Cambridge for Broxbourne on Thursday at 11:01. Your reference is AGMKNY6Z. Can I help you more today?
No, thanks, that was all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a good day.
Hi there, I'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the south of Cambridge.|The Lensfield hotel, which is expensive is the only hotel in South Cambridge.  Will this work for you?
no, I need a moderately priced place that doesn't need have free wifi or parking in the area of south, thank you|There are guesthouses available in the South Cambridge area moderately priced that have free wi-fi and parking. Would you like to hear more about them?
Yes i would love to hear more information about them. Thank you.|Alright the aylesbray lodge guest house	 is a 4 star guest house. Does that interest you?
Sure. May I have the address?|Sure, the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road. Can I be of any further assistance today?
I also need a place to dine that is in the same area and price range as the hotel.|I have the Pizza Hut that is moderately priced in the South and also Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern European food. Any interest you?
Hmm, I was looking for Fusion type food, are there any that have that?|I'm sorry, there isn't. Can I provide you information on a different type of cuisine?
Yes, are there any good Indian restaurants?|There is one expensive Indian restaurant in the South: Taj Tandoori. Would you like to make a reservation?
Great can I get their phone number, address, and postcode|Absolutely! The Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17aa. The phone number to reach them is 01223412299. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. Thank you for the information! Good-bye|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else.  Thanks!
Hi, I'm trying to find a good place to eat. I heard about restaurant alimentum. What can you tell me about it?|They are a great modern european restaurant located in the south. They are moderately priced. They are located on 152-154 Hills Road. Can I reserve a table for you?
I am not quite ready to reserve a table, but may I have the phone number for this European restaurant?|Their phone number is 01223413000
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay in the East.|What sort of place to dine would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate priced guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the east.|I have found three moderately priced guesthouses in the east with four star ratings.   Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you just get me the phone number, address, and postcode for the one you recommend?|the a and b guest house's number is 01223315702, the postcode and address is cb12dp at 124 tenison road. Anything else?
That's all, thank you very much!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, can you help me find a 4 star guesthouse?|Certainly. Alexander bed and breakfast and Rosa's bed and breakfast are two of our best kept secrets, offering 4 star quality at inexpensive prices.
Alexander's B&B sounds perfect! Can I book a room there?|What day should I start your booking, and how many days do you plan on staying? Also, how many people would be staying?
Yes, please book for 1 person staying 5 nights starting Monday. Thank you!|Unfortunately, I was not able to make a booking for that. We could try for another day or see if they have availability for a shorter stay.
How about 3 nights?|I was able to book you for three nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is Q8EDDUCC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Have a great day then!
I have a particular attraction I want to see, can you help?|Yes can you give me the name of it?
Milton Country Park|It's a free park on the north side of town. You can find it at milton country park, milton.
Could I get the phone number for that?|the phone number is 01223420060. anything else?
Can I get the address for Milton County Park and the entrance fee? I would also like to look for a cheap hotel in the centre with free wifi.|There is no entrance fee to the park. The only address I am showing is Milton County Park, Milton. I have two guest houses that meet your criteria.
I need the hotel to be cheap as well. I would like it booked for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday please.|I'll book you in the alexander bed and breakfast; it's quite good. Your reference number is 1D3AXX7X. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello I am looking for a restaurant called J restaurant|J restaurant is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. It is cheap and located at 86 Regent Street City Centre.
That sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 2 for Sunday at 13:15?|Absolutely, your reservation's been made. Your reference number is YAHBIZR5. Can I help you with something else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi.|There are several hotels of that nature. What is your price range?
I'm looking for something cheap with free parking.|Hotel allenbell is what I found that is cheap and has parking.
Could you get the postcode for Hotel Allenbell for me?|The postcode is cb13js.  Would you like to get a room reserved?
Yes, please reserve the room.|What day will you be checking in, and how many will you stay for?  I assume it is for 2 people?
Actually, on second thought. I should book it later. But, can you book me a taxi from Allenbell to J Restaurant. I need to be there by 13:15.|Your taxi was booked! The car type will be blue ford and the contact number is 07646890093.
Thanks, I think that's all I need. Could you just confirm whether the Allenbell is a Hotel or a Guest House?|Allenbell is a guesthouse.
Thank you. That will be everything today. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to find a hotel in the center with free wifi included in their rates.|I've found 5 hotels. How about El Shaddai?
Sorry, I should mention that I'm looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating. Would the El Shaddai still be appropriate?|Yes it is. Would you like more information or help booking a stay?
Yes. Please book a stay for 7 people. We need to stay 3 nights, starting on Thursday.|I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try and book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Can I try to book for 1 night then?|I was able to book that for one night. Your reference number is TIYZB85M. Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please tell me how to get to the restaurant Saffron Brasserie from the hotel?|Would you like for me to book you a taxi that will pick you up from the hotel and take you to the restaurant
No thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at 15:15 on Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is UE2PF54A.
On second thought, I do want to book a taxi to Saffron Brasserie in time for my table. Can you provide the contact number and car type?|Sure. The taxi will be a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07810050252. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Have a wonderful day!
Can you tell me about any german restaurants in the east part of the city?|I'm not finding a German restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like me to try other parts of town?
yes please. tell me if there are other restaurants in the east as well.|There are 9 restaurants in the east, including british, chinese, gastropub, indian, international and italian. Do you need more information?
Indian sounds good.|There are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town ranging from moderate to expensive. Do you have a preference?
Can you book a table at your favorite expensive one? There will be 4 of us at 15:15 on Friday.|the sitar tandoori seems appropriate. i have booked it for you.
i am also looking for a place to stay|I'm sorry, I forgot to confirm your reservation at Pipasha Restaurant.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number : CF1YTOAV.  What type of hotel would you like?
Expensive hotel, free wifi and parking, 4 star, please.|I have two hotels that fit your criteria. Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is located in the west, and the University Arms Hotel is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
How about Huntingdon Marriott Hotel? I need a reservation for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Ok.  I reserved those rooms for you.  Your reference number is FWZ4XMJO.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Have a lovely visit. Goodbye.
I need a room.|I would love to help! Which part of town would you like?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|There are 12 guest houses that fit that criteria. Is there an area of the city you would like to stay in?
No specifics on area.|You might enjoy the Acorn guest house. It's rated 4 stars, and offers free wifi as well as free parking.
Could I book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday?|OK, I have your party in the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is: V4CGYNW3. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. Yes, I need a train leaving Cambridge to go to Stevenage.|I have 2,828 trains available, what day would you like the train?
I'd like to leave on tuesday after 21:15 and arrive at stevenage.|I have train TR7822 that leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and gets to stevenage at 22:10, resulting in a 49 minute train ride. It costs 12.80 pounds.
That sounds good.  That was all I needed.  Thank you.|Should I make reservations?
Yes, please I need the train I.D also|How many train tickets do you need?
Booking is not necessary, I just need the train ID|Ok, is there anything else that I can assist with?
thats it, just the train i.d|The train ID is TR7822 as mentioned previously. Anything else I can do for you?
Nah, that's pretty much it. Thanks.|Great, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel by the name of Acorn Guest House.|Sure, what would you like to know about it?
I would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZZPP7K9D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, can you help me find a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Friday?|Sure, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 12:30 and leave on Friday.|There are 12 trains matching your search. Will you be wanting me to book one for you?
Yeah, choose one and book it for 8 people. Then give me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Your on train number TR4431 and your reference number is FL53PCPE. Anything else today?
No, that's all for me! Thanks so much, goodbye!|Have a nice trip!
I'd like a train leaving after 11:30 from Cambridge, please.|Of course. What day would you like to leave and what is your final destination?
I am traveling on Tuesday and going to Ely.|The TR7458 departs at 11:50, would that suit you?
Yes that sounds good can you get me 5 tickets please?|Thank you good bye
Can you get me the reference number please?|Yes, the reference number is 8MJZIG5A.
Thanks!  I'm also looking for a hotel named the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west part of town. It's very nice. Would you like a room there?
Yes, 5 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.  Please book it for me.|Okay, I have those rooms booked for you. Your reference number is 1CPJSXZJ. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now.  Thanks|you are welcome, don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.
Could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the south end?|aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast are both available
Are either of them cheap?|Yes, rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need 3 nights starting on friday for 1.|All right, I've reserved your room. The reference number is TH1IW110. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. That is all I need.|Wonderful, have a great day.
You do the same!|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you find me an expensive hotel?|I have 33 expensive hotels. How many stars and what part of town would you prefer?
I need one that includes free wifi|OK, does it matter the ratings or location?
The ratings and location do not matter. It must be an expensive hotel not a guesthouse. I will follow your recommendation for 4 nights starting Tuesday for 6 people.|There is the huntingdon marriott hotel which is 4 star in the expensive range with wifi. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes please. I will need it starting on Tuesday for 4 nights. There will be six of us staying.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall we try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.|Do you care whether the hotel is in the city center?
Nope.   I just need the hotel to be expensive and include wifi.|I was able to book a room for you at the University Arms hotel. 4 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people. Your reference number is  U5HXNKXO.
That sound awesome. Can I have the address?|Regent Street. Do you need anything else, today?
Great thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
I'm looking for train tickets, can you help with that?|Yes, Where will you be arrive from and going to?  I also need a date and time.
I want to go to peterborough and depart from cambridge.|There are many trains going to peterborough from cambridge. What day and time do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave Thursday after 8:30 please.|I have train TR6009 that leaves at 08:34 and will arrive in Peterborough at 09:24. Would that work for you?
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 50 minutes.
Are there any 2-star hotels (not guesthouses) in the south that have free parking?|No, I'm sorry there aren't any hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there anything in the north?|In the north, I have 2 places. The first is the Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge. Did you need me to book you a room?
Yes please book me a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful at ashley hotel	.
Reference number is : DHVIHB9V. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that was all I needed.  Goodbye.|Have a nice day. Thank you for contacting us.
Can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?|We have dozens of activities in centre.  Is there a specific type that you are interested in?
What one would you recommend and the entrance fee?|The Castle Galleries museum is one most newcomers find interesting, admission is free.
That sounds great! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. I want one with free wifi.|How about the alexander bed and breakfast, which is a 4 star hotel?
Is it cheap and in the same area?|Yes, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheaply priced guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, that sounds good.  Please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Sunday.|I am so sorry, but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to change the day or shorten your stay?
Why don't we try booking only 1 night?|Booking was unsuccessful still. can we book another day?
NO, I'd rather another hotel if possible.|Would you like me to try el shaddai, it is also in the cheap range.
That sounds good.  Please book for 2 pepole and 3 nights starting on sunday.  Please provide a reference number.|I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful, can I try a shorter stay?
How about 1 night?|Booking was unsuccessful.
I need a train that will be leaving from cambridge by 16:30, can you help me with this please?|Where would you like to go and on what day?
I need the train to leave on Monday before 16:30 for Ely.|There are 10 trains leaving before 16:30. What is the earliest you'd like to leave?
The latest I can leave to arrive by 16:30 please.|The last train that will arrive by 16:30 is train TR7177. It departs at 15:50 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, but how much is the ticket going to be and how long is the travel time?|The travel time is 17 minutes and the price of the ticket would be 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, and once I am in Ely I need a place to stay on the north side of town with at least a 1 star rating, and has wifi.|There are 11 possible selections in those parameters, do you have a preferred price range? Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
Any price range and area is fine. But, is it possible to look for a 3 star hotel or guesthouse instead.|Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a 3 star rating and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for you?
If they have free parking, yes.|Ok. I'll need the day, length of stay, and number of people.
First, do they have free parking?|I apologize. Yes, Hamilton Lodge provides guests with both free wifi and free parking. I can set you up with a room if you like.
Not at this time. thank you so much for the information. That's all I need today.|Have a nice day!
I sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. Can you find me one in the east? I don't need free WiFi.|There are three cheap options in the east.  Leverton House, Autumn House, and Allenbell.  Would you like the phone number for any of them?
I am look for a hotel on the east with free parking.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is in the east with free parking and interenet. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
Is that a hotel?|Yes, that is a hotel. Should I make a booking for you?
Does it include free parking?|Yes it does. Would you like reservations?
how many stars?|It's a 2-star hotel.
That will be okay. Can you book that?|I'd be happy to book it for you! I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I don't need hotel reservations. I just need address, price range, star of the hotel.|It is a 2 star expensive hotel, their address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park, phone number is 01223866800. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage on wednesday.|What time would you like to travel?
We need to leave after 17:45.|When would you like to arrive by?
No preference just fine a train that leaves after 17:45.|I have train TR0609 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10.
Please book 3 seats and send the reference number.|the reference is LIB89A1W.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Have a nice day.
I need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you|Allenbell is cheap and has free internet.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range actually.|Archway House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the North. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book the Archway House.|I'd be happy to book for you. How many people will be staying, what is your arrival day, and how many nights are you staying?
I will be arriving on tuesday and I need to book the room for four nights for three people.|Ok. I've booked that guesthouse for you. Your reference number is YBT4JRTR. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the centre. That would be just wonderful if you could help me out with that!|There are several moderately priced restaurant in the centre area. Would you like a certain type of food?
I'd like an Italian restaurant, please.|Pizza express Fen Ditton would be perfect for you guys then! Would you like more information or for me to book that for you?
Yes, just give me the address please.|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15 and I would like to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|Not a problem! I booked a taxi to depart the restaurant by 11:15. The car type is a blue skoda and the contact number is 07621131070.
Thank you very much! That's all I need today!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, I would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 0 stars.|There aren't any 0 star hotels in Cambridge. Would you be interested in a different place to stay?
Are there any 0 star ratings in the west?  I'm looking for a cheap hotel basically!|I have the cambridge belfry in west. It is a 4 star but cheap price.
Yes, I think that might be a good choice. Can you make a booking for me?|Yes can i get your booking information please.
I am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. And I want it to be cheap in the west. Can you check that?|we got none in that class. maybe you should look up the 4 star one.
I am sorry. I would not mind one that is in the centre, cheap, and 0 star. Can we try that?|There is a guesthouse in the centre which has 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It is called el shaddai. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you book for 2 nights, 6 people starting Tuesday?  I need a reference number.  Looking to get modern American food in same area and price range.|Your room has been booked. The reference number is K4CLW7QT.
I also need a restaurant. Same area as the hotel please.|What type of food would you like?
Is there any modern American restaurant?|Im not showing any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area or type of cuisine?
Can you check for an Italian restaurant instead?|We have nine choices, any preferences on price?
I'm looking for a cheap place.|I can recommend ask.
Then I would like to make a reservation for 6 people for Tuesday at 16:00.|Great! Your reservation was successful and your reference number is SY7C0RH7.
I want to book the Archway House in Cambridge.|And what day would you like to check-in?
We'll be checking in on Monday and will be staying for 3 nights.|How people will be staying?
There will 6 people can you book it and send me the reference number?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is B3HCU4VS.
I am also looking for entertainment in the centre of town.|There aren't any entertainment spots in the centre of town. Would you like to search for a different type of place or another area?
how about one that is in the type of college?|Christ's college is in the centre of town and their entrance fee is free. Would you like their information?
Yes, may I have their phone number and address please.|Of course. The phone number is 01223334900. The address is saint andrew's street. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need! Thanks, bye!|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Hi. Please help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Yes, but I just want to make sure that it includes free parking and is in moderate price range.|Yes it has both of them,would you like to make a booking?
Yes.  Please book for 6 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|booking was successful. your  Reference number is : T49NV9KO
Thanks for settling the lodging. I also need a train to go to stansted airport which arrives by 12:00, please.|There are several possibilities for the train, I just need to know what day you need the ride booked for?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|There are 6 trains that match your query. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please choose the first option and book it for 6 people. And do remember to give me the reference number for the reservation|Okay, your reservation is booked with reference number SD46UL0Q.
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.|I hope your trip is wonderful.
I need help getting some info on the lynne strover gallery|Certainly, it is a museum on a went side of town with free admission, they can be reached at 01223295264.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, the address would be great.  Thanks so much.|The address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
What about the post code?|The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for a hotel.|There are 2 hotels in the west area, did you have a price range?
The hotel I'm looking for is called the Avalon.|Avalon is not on the west side of town.
Well what is on the west side then?|There is nothing on the West side,do you want another area ?
Hi, I am planning a trip.  Have you heard of a particular hotel?  I think it is called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Yes, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 138 Perne Road.  Very nice and clean place.
Great! I need reservations for 3 people, for 3 nights, beginning on Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KYWFGUNH.
Thank you. I also need to find an attraction in the Centre. Can you help me with that.|I sure can! There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preferred type?
Can you pick one for me and give me the address ?|All Saints Church is an architecture interest and has free admission. It is located on Jesus Lane.
Can you arrange for a taxi to pick me up at the Church at 15:15 and take me to the hotel? I'll need car type and contact number|The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07570056398.
Thank you so much, that is everything that i need|I hope you have a great time.
I need to book a train to Cambridge|there a re  2,828  trains available, would you kindly narrow down your specifications
I am looking for a train that leaves Norwich on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 14:30.|Sure, how about the TR8151 which gets into Cambridge at 13:35?
Thank you. That is all I needed today.|You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south with free parking.|the lensfield hotel suits your request. Can I help you to make a reservation?
no i dont need to book it now. Just let me know their address and phone number please.|sure thing. it is at 53-57 lensfield road, phone number 01223355017.
That's all, thank you a lot.|It's my pleasure to serve you. Have a good time!
I am looking for a hotel on the west side that gives free wifi.|There are four different hotels in that area that offer free wifi, did you have a price range or star rating that you prefer?
I'd like a zero star hotel that has wifi.|We don't have a 0 star hotel that matches your preferences. Would you like to try something else?
Sure, let's look for a 4 star hotel instead.|I see three matching locations. Do you have a particular hotel type or price range in mind?
As long as it's 4 star that's all I just need one for 5 people for 4 nights starting monday.|How about the cambridge belfry? It's in the cheap price range.
OK, lets give it a try.|Would you like to book the hotel now?
Yes, please book the hotel.|I am sorry, that hotel is unavailable for you requested information. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Yes how about 1 night|You are booked for 1 night. Your reference number is AX7FQ3NR. Would you like to find a hotel for the other nights?
Yes, where can I find a hotel for 4 nights and 5 people, Tuesday through Friday?|I was able to find you a booking at the cambridge belfy for 5 people tuesday through friday.
That's ok. I do need to find a moderately priced Austrian restaurant though.|I apologize, there are no moderately prices Austrian restaurants. Is there another type of food, or price range I can check for you?
How about one that serves British food? Get me an area and address if possible.|Sure, De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre is the address for restaurant one seven
Ok, that sounds great.|Would you like me to make a reservation for restaurant one seven?
No that's fine. I'm good. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not right now.  Thank you for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome! We hope you enjoy your trip!
I want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on Thursday.|There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.|The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : R4CR5ASG.
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.|There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
Yes try another area please.|We can consider a couple of options. There are moderately priced guesthouses in the east. The other consideration would be a moderately priced hotel in a different area.
guesthouses are fine if they are in the east. Do any of those have free parking and free wifi?|carolina bed and breakfast and warkworth house are both guesthouses in the east that have free internet and parking.
Alright, I'd like to book for 5 people and 2 nights on the same day as the train.|Your reservation for 5 people at Carolina Bed and Breakfast this Thursday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : BX36L29F.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I want to see local sights, can you help?|Yes, there is a wide variety, do you have an activity type that your are interested in?
I like hiking and seeing historical sites.|I'm sorry, there does not seem to be a historical site or hiking area in Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the cheap price range?|Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town were you looking for?
i don't really care about the area.|Okay. Are you interested in hotels that offer internet and/or parking?
Doesn't really matter if they offer either of those or not. I just want it to be a 0 star hotel.|City Cenrtree North and B is a cheap hotel,would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, 6 people for 5 nights and we would be arriving Monday.|I'm sorry, I seem to be having an error in my system. You want a booking at the citycentre north B&B for 6 people, 5 nights, on Monday?
Yes, a guesthouse is fine. I was looking for zero stars and in the cheap price range.|Then the city centre north b and b is what you want, shall I book you?
Yes, please book it for me.|I'm sorry that doesn't seem to be available would you like me to try a  different day or guesthouse?
Let book the same but on Tuesday instead.|Booking was successful for Tuesday. Your Reference number is : 0J3V1091.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. Perhaps the college. Can you tell me the postcode for the college?|There are 18 colleges in town. I recommend christ's college in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu.
Great, thanks. I don't need anymore help. Goodbye!|I'm happy I could help today. Goodbye!
I need a hotel with free wifi.|Do you have any other criteria?
It needs to be four star, but on the cheaper range, and free parking doesn't need to be included.|We have several good guesthouses that meet your criteria. Or do you prefer a hotel?
Either is fine. Which one is your favorite?|I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Great that sounds like a plan.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Is that a guesthouse?|yes that is a guesthouse
Okay, great. I'm also looking for attractions in the west.|There are 13 attractions in the west. Any particular type that you would like?
What attraction do you suggest?|How about Clare Hall, a college?
That sounds good.  Is there an entrance fee?|The entry fee is 2.50 pounds.
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332360. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. I want to leave the attraction by 05:30. What is the car type and contact number please.|I have booked a blue Tesla, the number is 07770229036
that will be it for today and thanks for your help|i am glad i have been of help to you
You bet. This is the end.|Thanks for using our service today.
I was hoping to relax and visit a park while in cambridge.|I found 5 great parks to visit. There are two on the south side, one on the north, one on the east and one in the centre of town.
Great! Can you provide addresses and entrance fees?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are in the centre of town, located on Bateman Street, with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other four parks have free entry.
Okay great i will go for the University Botanic gardens. Can you also assist me to look up the Carolina bed and Breakfast address and availability?|I sure can.  When were you hoping to stay there?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday|Done.  Your reference number is DCLQRJ5I.  Would you like anything else?
No. Thank you. That is all.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Have a good day|You too thank you and bye.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre in the moderate price range.|We have 21 options using those requirements. Do you have a preference for any particular cuisine?
I really like British cuisine that is in the center of town.|One of my favorites that fits your preferences is The Oak Bistro.  There food is wonderful.  Is this a restaurant that you may be interested in?
Yes.  Are you able to make reservations for 4 people at 20:00 on Saturday?|I've made your booking. Your reference number is L6STCUZA. Is there anything else I can help with?
i also need a place to stay|Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|Great! Do you have a price range you'd like to stay in or a location that you prefer?
I'm looking for a place in the moderate price range and i need free parking.|the acorn guesthouse is nice, when will you planning your stay?
do they have free wifi? And I need their phone #|They do have free wifi and their phone number is  01223353888.  Is there anything else you need to know?
What area are they located in?|They're in the north end of town. Would you like to book a reservation?
No I'll take care of that later. But can you arrange a taxi for me? Going from the hotel to The Oak Bistro.|I'll need to know when you want to leave or arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant for my dinner reservation on Saturday.|I have you booked in a white audi to be at the Oak Bistro by 20:00. The cab contact number is 07934977306.
Ok, I think that's it. Thanks for your help.|You are most welcome.  Have a great day.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at?|Sure, do you prefer the west or the centre part of Cambridge?
I don't care about the area but I need it to be cheap with free wifi.|The cambridge belfry is available. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I need four nights starting Sunday, for two people.|Done! Your reference number is CU4LPL6C. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the city centre. maybe bistro food?|Sorry there are no restaurants in the centre of town serving bistro food.
Okay. What about one that serves seafood instead?|loch fyne is an expensive place that serves sea food. can we book?
Yes. Let's say 15:00 on the same day, with the same group of people.|Okay I have done that and their reference number is H2OPFSBQ.
Thanks, lastly, I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the hotel, I want to get there before the booked time.|Your taxi will be a red audi. Should you need to contact them, the number is 07971260313.
Thank you, have a nice day.|You're welcome. And thank you, you, too!
I'd like to find out when a train leaves on Sunday for Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from? And is there a preferred time you would like to arrive by or leave after?
I am departing from Stansted Aiport and would like to arrive by 13:30.|TR5358 will depart the airport at 12:24 and arrive at Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
What's the total travel time for TR5358?|the travel time is about 28 minutes.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|How many stars would you like?
It doesn't matter. I need it to be located in the south.|I would suggest bridge guest house.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes.  Shall I book for you? How many people?
I need a room to be booked for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day|Booked! Reference number: G6ORAH2J.
Thank you for booking and providing the reference number.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope. That's all. Bye now.|Goos-bye, have a great day.
Hi, I need a guest house please.|Do you have a specific location you want to be?
No, but I need free wifi and I would like a 2 star guesthouse please.|There isn't a guesthouse with 2 stars and free internet available. Is there another type of hotel I can look up for you?
Yes, how about a guesthouse with 3 stars and free wifi instead?|I have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range. Would you like me to choose one for you?
I'm sorry.  I changed my mind.  I don't want a guesthouse. Are there any hotels with 2 stars?|Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No, just any 2-star hotel with free wifi will do.|I found 3 for you all in the expensive price range. Can you please give me the details so that I may book it for you?
I would like it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|I have you booked in the Ashley hotel. Your reference number is CW6YMT0B. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you.|Great Glad I could be of help to you.
Can you help me find a hotel that has free wifi?|Sure, there are 9 hotels with free wifi. Is there an area of town or price range you prefer?
I would like something cheap in the north part of town.|I'm sorry. There is not one in the cheap range. I do have 2 in the moderate range. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, but can I get one that also has free parking?|They both have free parking. Would you like to book at Ashley hotel or Lovell lodge?
It doesn't matter.  The Ashley is fine.|I need to know when you'd like to begin your stay, how many are in your party, and how many nights you'd like reserved.
There will be 6 of us arriving on Sunday, and we need to stay for 4 nights.|You have a reservation. The confirmation code is GDEFC2RE.
Thank you, that is it bye.|I'm glad I could help!
I am looking for a place to stay that is in the expensive price range and has free parking.|I have 5 hotels that meet what you are looking for. Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in so I can make a recommendation?
I would like a guesthouse in the south in the expensive price range.|There is only a hotel in the south in that price range. Would you like to try another area?
Is there one in the cheap price range?|I found one, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Can I have the address? Also do they offer internet?|The address is 53 roseford road cv22ha, and it does indeed offer free internet. Would you like me to book?
No thank you. I am also looking for a train though going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I'm leaving on Thursday, but to clarify, I want to DEPART from Kings Lynn and ARRIVE in Cambridge.|133 trains will be departing Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge. Can you tell me which day and time you would like to travel to narrow down the results.
I will be travelling on Thursday, and I'd like to arrive by 21:30.|The TR2788 train leaves at 05:11 and arrives by 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much does it cost?|Tickets for that train are 9.80 pounds each.  Should I book it?
Yes, please book that for me.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is ZPN560FR.
Thank you very much for helping me today!|It was my pleasure. Feel free to call us anytime. Have a good day.
i'm looking for a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast|Yes, alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the centre.  It is in the cheap price range.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I'd like to book the Alexander B and B for 6 people, 5 nights, and starts on Thursday. Can I have a reference number, please?|Done! Your reference number is 45NR6JNN. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train on tuesday and leaving after 19:30|I can look into that for you - where would you like to go?
Where I'd like to go is probably different than where I have to go, but I plan on going to stansted airport.|TR0768 leaves at 19:40. Does that work for you?
What is the travel time?|TR0768 leaves at 19:40, arrives by 20:08. The duration is 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No.  I am all set.|Have a great day then!
I want a hotel that has free parking.|There are several, got a price range, or area of town you'd like to stay in?
I want to stay in the northern part of town.|Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, please reserve a room.|I'd be happy to help with your request, but I'll need to know what day you're arriving, how many are staying and for how many nights?
Never mind. I want to know is this a guesthouse. If not I need one.|No its not but the Hamilton Lodge is one. would you like a room?
Sure.  Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number?  I also need an attraction in the same area of town.|The postcode for Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and their phone is 01223365664. They're in the moderate price range.
I also need a place to go in the same area as the hotel.|We have a couple swimming pools, a park, and a riverboat in the area, do you have a preference?
A park sounds nice. What are my options?|MIlton County Park is a favorite amongst locals and tourist in the north part of town.
That sounds wonderful! I will need a taxi to commute please.|Absolutely, what time do you prefer?
I want to leave Milton County Park by 06:15 to return to Hamilton Lodge, please.|I booked you a white tesla. In case you need to reach them, their number is 07906803720. Will that be all for today?
yes,that will do for now thanks|i am glad to help. Enjoy !
Thank you I don't need anything else, goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy
I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking please.|I have lots of guesthouses available with parking, do you have a preference for area?
No, but I do need free wifi as well as free parking.|Do you have a preference for price range?
No, the price range is flexible. I would like to book a room on Wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|Can I book you in at the allenbell? It is cheap and in the east.
That will do. And that is for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|Sorry, there isn't any vacancy for those days.  Would you care to stay just the Wednesday?
Sure, let's try for just one night and see if that works please.|Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
The reference number please!|Your reference number is LPMF11YC.
Thanks for your help. I'm all set.  Bye.|Have a good day!
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while I'm in Cambridge. Thanks.|I have 21 options for you. What area would you like to stay in?
It can be anywhere as long as it has a 4 star rating.|That narrows it down to 16. Do you care about the price?
I would like a moderate price range.|There are nine guesthouses what part of town would you like
I'm not concerned with the area - can you recommend a nice place that fits with what I'm looking for?|I think you would like the acorn guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I would like you to book it for me|What day would you like to stay on? And how many days? How many people?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is ODO9D763.
thanks for your help. i appreciate.|Is there anything else I could assist you with today?
no that is it for now. thanks for helping|It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I am looking for a 4 star place to stay.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like it to be in the north, and to be a guesthouse.|Great, there are 4 options for you here. I personally recommend avalon. Would you like to book?
Yes, please  book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : YB23KVSX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a hotel called city centre north b and b please?|Yes, it's a guesthouse in the north part of town with cheap prices. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes, please. 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday|The booking was successful, your reservation number is OOMOE6L0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any vietnamese restaurants in the north area of town?|No, there are not. The only vietnamese restaurant is located in the west.
How about a chinese restaurant instead?|There are 3: Hakka, Golden Wok, and The Hotpot. Do any of these sound good?
Could you reserve a table at Hakka for me?|What day and time would you like?
i would like to book a table for the same day at 17:15|And for how many people?
Just two please.|You are all set for your reservation. The reservation number is 0CBRAMIK.
Ok that is all I needed thank you!|Alright, have a great day!
I need a particular hotel called the Leverton House.|I have located the Leverton House. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes, please I would like it booked for 4 people. I would need this for 3 nights starting with monday.|I'm sorry. I couldn't book the Leverton House for that day.  Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range, please.|Okay. I was able to book you into the Allenbell and your reference number is MLL5WTH5.
That is wonderful. Thank you for your help.|Thank you. Please call again if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a particular B&B. Do you handle those?|No, I am sorry. B&Bs are not offered.
Oh dear well what about local guest houses instead? I need to book it for 6 people for 5 nights staring from Monday.|Great! Your reservation at Acorn Guest House is completed. Your reference number is FO3NH9Q6
I'm looking for a hotel called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.|Rosa's is located at 53 roseford road. Would you like to book this?
yes, please! for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4DNPBLIS.
Perfect, that's all I need thanks.|Thank you for using this system!
Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 4 stars.|There are several options to choose from. Do you have a specific location or pricerange you would like?
No specific price or location. I'd like it to include free wifi, though.|I'd recommend arbury lodge guesthouse. It's a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced.
Okay, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number.|The address is 82 arbury, post code cb42je.  The phone number is 01223364319.
Thank you. I would also love some help finding a moderately priced italian restaurant.|What area would you like to be in?
Area does not matter.|How about prezzo, it is in the west? There are also Pizza Express's in the centre and Pizza Huts in the south and east.
The Prezzo sounds good. Can you tell me the address and postcode please?|Absolutely, the address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, and the postal code is cb30ad.
I Would like to get a taxi to the place as well.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 01:30 to go to the hotel. Please give me contact info and car type|A white BMW will pick you up by 1:30 from Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and take you to aprezzo. Their Contact number is. 07237218579. Anything else i can help with today?
Thank You that is all. Have a nice day|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderately price range that includes free parking.|what about the bridge guest house
Okay, does it have 4 stars and does it include free wifi?|No, unfortunately it only has 3 stars. I do have a guesthouse called Limehouse that is 4 stars. It comes highly recommended.
Just to be clear is Limehouse also moderately priced with free parking and wifi?|Yes that is correct.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please?|01223353888 is the number cb41da postcode. Address is 154 chesterton road
Thank you.  Can you also help me find a train?|why sure where are you departing from where are you going and when?
Cambrdige to liverpool london street, leaving after 08:15 on sunday|There is a 09:59 that would arrive by 11:27.  Does that work?
Yes, can you give me the travel time and the price of a ticket?|The travel time for TR0995 is 88 minutes and the ticket price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket (or tickets) for you?
No. Thank you that will be all for today. Goodbye|I am glad to help have a nice stay
I need to find places to go.  Can you aid me?|How about visiting one of our many architecturally important churches? May I offer you a list?
I should very much like to explore the East, what is located there?|There are 10 different entries for that area. Are you looking for something specific?
What attractions are in the East ?|There are a couple museums, some entertainment venues, and a boat.  Do any of these interest you?
How about a museum|There are 4 museums there. The cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, and saint barnabas press gallery are all free. The cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.
The Cambridge Artworks sounds good. Can I get the address and phone number please?|The cambridge artworks is at 5 greens road, cb13ef. The number there is 01223902168.
Thanks, i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
I had no preference going into this, but lets try east since the museum is there.|There are about 6 places you can choose. Are you wanting a specific price range?
No but quality matters, are any of them 4 stars?|Yes there are five hotels in the area that are 4 star hotels. Would you like me to list them for you?
I'd like a guesthouse, 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter.  Can you recommend anything?|there are 16 available. the one that is a beautiful place and is really inexpensive is the limehouse guesthouse. do you need a room?
I need a hotel or guesthouse with 4 stars that has free wifi, can you make a recommendation based on that?|I recommend the allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse that is located in the east like your attraction is. It has free parking and wifi. Shall I book for you?
No booking, just get me the phone number.|I'd like you to book the allenbell. Before I do can you tell me how far is it from the theater?
I wouldn't know this.|I can book that for you but need to know how many people, when and how many nights.
Sorry, actually, can you please just send me their phone number?|No problem at all. The phone number for Allenbell is 01223210353.
Thank you so much for your help.  That is all that I need today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Where are the good places to go?|There is so much to see here.  Is there a particular area you will be in?
Yes, the centre is where I will be staying.|There are 44 attractions to choose from. Which type would you like?
Something that you think is interesting, Can I have the address as well?|Would a museum or theatre be of interest to you?
A museum would be fine. Just pick a good one for me please.|The primavera is nice and it is free. Would you like to know more?
find me its phone number and address.|The address for Primavera is 10 king s parade, postal code cb21sj, they cbr at 01223357708, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also need a hotel, definitely not a guesthouse, with free parking, please.|There is university arms hotel located in the centre it is a 4star hotel with free parking and internet.  WOuld you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I'll take care of that. I need the price range and their postcode please.|They are in the expensive price range, and postcode is cb21ad
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You are welcome. It was my pleasure serving you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on some places I can go when I am visiting soon.|There are lots of nice places. What would you like to do ?
I would like to go to a museum that you recommend. I will need the phone number please.|The Byard Art Museum is wonderful. Their phone number is 01223464646.
I also need some where to stay, 4 star.|There are three that meet your criteria. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please. Book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I'm sorry, which of the 3 would you like a reservation at?
I would like to book the cheapest one.|The cambridge belfry was cheapest so I reserved that one.
I probably need a reference number dont I?|Yes, your reference number is U4Z311TN. Can I help you with anything further today?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the attraction, leaving at 2:45.|I have booked you with a black volkswagen taxi. The phone number to contact is 07217220369 if there are any changes needing to be made later.
That was quickly handled. Thank you for your help. Goodbye now.|Have a lovely visit in Cambridge. Please use the TownInfo centre when you arrive. Goodbye.
While I am visiting Cambridge, I would like to stay at the Ashley Hotel. Where is it located?|The Ashley Hotel is located at 74 Chesterton Road. Would you like the phone number? I can also book a reservation for you.
Book me a room there for 2 night with 6 people, starting Friday. Also, I will need the reference number.|Your booking was successful!  The reference number is DH7R8VDH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'd like a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city.|There are a few cheap restaurants in the center of the city. Would you like Asian Oriental or Chinese food?
I would like Chinese food.|I found three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House, which would you like to book?
Let's go with Charlie Chan for 6 people at 15:45 Friday|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KFI8B8IF.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank You.|You are welcome! Goodbye.
I need a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.|We have many guesthouses that are moderately priced. How about the acorn guest house, they are located in the north?
Does it include free wifi and parking?|Yes to both.
Great! Book for 1 people starting on Thursday for 4 nights. Thanks.|I apologize. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another hotel?
Another hotel will be fine as long as it's in the same price range. Thank you.|a and b guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a hotel called The Cambridge Belfry. Can you help me with this?|Certainly. The Cambridge Belfry is located on the westside, address is back lane, cambourne, postcode cb236bw. The phone number is 01954714600. do you need more information?
Can I get the price range for the restaurant?|Did you mean the hotel? The price range for The Cambridge Belfry hotel is cheap.
Yes, thank you. I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the town centre.|I have one swimming pool in the centre area of town. It is called Parkside Pools. Is there any additional information I can get you for them?
I need to know the fee for Parkside Pools please.|I am sorry, but the info for the entrance fee in not available. Could I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please help me book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:15?|Alright, a black honda will pick you up from the hotel at 3:15. Your contact number is 07832092727.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Have a good day!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I need a hotel on the west side, please.|We have a couple options available to you, is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about price range, but I do want the hotel to have a 4 star rating and have free wifi.|I have the Huntingdon Marriott that is more expensive. Also, the Cambridge Belfry that is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me their post codes?|Huntingdon marriott post code is pe296fl and the cambridge belfry postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can assist you with today?
No. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I also need information on the maharajah tandoor restaurant please.|It is an expensive restaurant in the west area serving indian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at 16:00 on Wednesday.|I have completed the booking. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is KQLHM8ST.
Would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the Huntingdon Marriott to the Maharajah Tandoor?|Sure thing, what time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.|I have reserved you a blue tesla, Contact number	: 07639403969.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you for your help!|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, we are always here to help.
Can you please help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for an average priced place in a guesthouse style. Thankyou.|I like the acorn guest house.  Do you need me to book a room for you?
Does the Acorn Guest House have free wifi and is it located in the south?|No, it's in the north, would you like something in the south?
Yes, I would like something in the south. There will be 5 guests and will be needed for 5 nights, starting Saturday.|I have 2 guesthouses in the south moderate price range. both have parking and internet. I'd suggest aylesbray lodge guest house with 4 star rating. Shall I book it for you?
Hopefully you can help me with my planning.  I am looking for a place to stay and have no idea what to choose.|Do you have any special requests?
it should be a three star  and internet is not a must|I found a guesthouse in the north area that's 3 stars at 63 milton road. Would you like to book a room here?
I was hoping to book a hotel if one is available.|When would you like to make a booking for?
Actually, I'm going to hold off on booking for now, but can I get the postcode?|post code is cb41xa, anything else today?
I also need a train leaving Cambridge after 18:15|What is your destination?
I'm going to Broxbourne on Sunday.|What time could you like to arrive by?
7:00 am Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Just to clarify, at first you said leaving after 18:15, but that said arriving before 7, before I book, can we confirm the time once more?
Can leave anytime after 18:15.|Great TR 8991leaves at 19:01 and is a one hour trip, does that work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you tell me what the arrival time is?|The arrival time is 20:21.
thank you that will be all.|Enjoy your trip.
Hello, I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.|There are four pool options, any preference for area?
No, but could you tell me if they have any entrance fees.|I found 4 swimming pools, but there are not information about the entrance fee.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel that offers free parking?|I found 5 hotels with free parking. What area and stars do you prefer?
I don't care about the area, but it does need to be 4 stars, as I mentioned earlier.|I recommend Huntingdon Marriott, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the west.  They have free parking as requested.  Would you like me to book it?
No thank you, may I please get the postcode for Huntingdon Marriott?|Absolutely! Their post code is pe296fl. Can I be any further help to you?
Can you also find me a taxi to get to the two places?|I'm sorry. Where will you be departing from, and at what time?
I would like to leave the hotel at 24:30.|I have  you booked.  Your taxi is a yellow bmw contact number is 	07777787318.
.
Great! Thank you for all your help!|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry,  I actually am looking for the postcode of the cheaper hotel of the 5.  And a taxi from there instead.|Sure. The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap 4 star hotel. Postcode is cb236bw. Taxi is booked. Car is a black bmw and contact number is 07510940370.
Great, you've been a great help. Thank you.|I am very pleased to have helped you today.
Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?|Absolutely. Where are you coming from?
I'm departing from birmingham new street.|I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?
Yes please book me for one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KHBLJGHN.  Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?
Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?
The area of town is not important, but I would like a hotel with free parking and four stars.|I have the allenbell would you like information on that?
Yes please. Can you tell me anything about it- How big are the rooms? Do they offer suites?|I don't have that information in front of me I can give their phone number
Yes, I need the phone number please!|01223210353 is the phone number
Could you go ahead and book me the guesthouse?|What day would you like the reservation to be on?
I am not looking to book just yet, actually.  Just please find information on guesthouse in the cheap price range.|I have several to choose from is there an area you'd prefer?
It needs 4 stars please.|Ok! I highly suggest the Leverton House. What information are you looking for?
I just need their phone number please.|Sure, the phone number is 01223292094.  Can I be of further assistance?
No thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome, have a good day.
I am looking for a zero star hotel in Cambridge.|Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel available.
Is it a mid-budget hotel? I'm also looking for a hotel that's located near the centre.|Cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced. It is the only hotel to your specifications. Shall I book you a reservation?
Does it have internet?|Yes, it does!
What is the address?|The address of this Cityroomz is Sleeperz Hotel, Station road. Postcode cb12tz. Would you like help booking a stay?
No, thanks. I will need a train to Bishops stortford, though.|Sure! Which day and time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to depart on Friday from Cambridge. I'd like to arrive at Bishops Stratford by 12:30. Can you tell me a departure time please.|There are four trains that fir your criteria. The departure times are 05:29, 07:29, 09:29 and 11:29. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes,please book for 07:29.|I will be happy to book you on train TR6809 leaving at 7:29 and arriving at 8:07. How many tickets would you like for this train?
Actually hold off on that part, I'm not sure how many tickets I need yet.|Okay I have not booked a train yet, is there something else you'd like me to look up for you?
No that was all I needed for today. Thanks!|Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you! Goodbye!
I need a place to eat that is expensive.|I've found 57 restaurants that match your request. Is there a particular area you'd like to dine in?
In the centre, please.|There are 33 restaurants in that area, do you have a preference of the type of restaurant?
i want something with malaysian food.|I am sorry I have no listings for malaysian food,another type?
I actually just need an expensive place to dine in the Centre of town.|Kymmoy offers Asian Oriental food.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please. Can you book that for 8 people on Saturday at 15:30?|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
Okay, thank you.|you are welcome
If Saturday fails, try Monday and provide the reference number. Also looking for a guesthouse in the same area with internet. Provide starts and address please.|Your restaurant booking was successful.  This is the reference number  PQA4WKNF. It is for Saturday at 15:30 for 8 people.
Can you book me two taxi cabs that offer groupon discounts to take us to the restaurant?|I don't think we have any affiliations with Groupon. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same price range as the restaurant and should be in the type of guesthouse.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses matching.  Would you like to try a hotel instead?
A hotel would be fine.|Would you like me to book it for you?
What expensive hotel do you recommend?|There are two hotels matching your needs and I highly recommend university arms hotel. Do you want me to book it?
I just need their address, star level and whether they have internet please.|University arms hotel is 4 stars located on regent street. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet, that's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for calling. Please call us back if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?|Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.|Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.|i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
I am looking for places to go. Can you tell me about some museums?|I show 79 of them, is there a certain area of town you prefer?
Surprise me! I'd like the address, fee and postcode.|the broughton house gallery is located on 98 king street, is free to enter, and the post code is cb11ln.
Sweet! Can I also get some information on hotels?|Sure. I have 33 hotels in my database. Can you please provide me with the area, price range, and features you are looking for?
How about a 2 star rating in the moderate price?|Of course, ashley hotel and lovell lodge both meet that criteria. Would you like to book with one of them?
Either one is fine, I need to book for 1 starting sunday, 4 nights.|You have a room at the Ashley, reference number 1IIKBZBL.
Thank you very much for your help.|Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel.  Any indian cuisine or african cuisine that's expensive?|how about broughton house gallery?
Does it have free wife and parking?|No, it doesn't. Sorry about that.
Sorry about that, I can look for a restaurant later. That's actually all I need today, thank you!|Ok great!  Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre, I hope you enjoy your stay!  Goodbye!
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge.|do you have any constraints regarding cost or quality?
I am looking fro something cheap with a 0 star rating.|How does El Shaddai sound? It is a cheap guesthouse with 0 stars located centrally. It includes both free wifi and free parking?
I would like to book a hotel.|There are no cheap hotels with 0 stars in the centre. Would you like to book cityroomz? It is a hotel that has 0 stars and it is moderately priced.
Cityroomz will be fine. I need a room for 2 nights starting Thursday. There will be a total of 8 guests.|I'm sorry, the book was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try for another date or a shorter stay?
How about for only a one night stay?|Sadly I couldn't book Cityroomz. But I was able to book Alexander Bed and Breakfast a 4 star guesthouse for an even cheaper rate for one night with 8 guests.
Thank you! What is the reference number?|Your reference number is 6MYWN42P.
I would also like to know about fun things to do in town. What types of entertainment is available near the hotel?|There is no entertainment in the centre would you like to look for another type of attraction?
In that case can you tell me the address of some of the colleges in the area?|We have Gonville and Caius College on Trinity Street, Emmanuel College on Saint Andrew's Street, and Downing College on Regent Street.
Can you give me the full address for Downing College please?|Downing College is on Regent Street with the postal code cb21dq. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks, but I'd like to book a taxi between the two locations, please.|Okay, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave my hotel no later than 17:15.|Great! I have a yellow honda set to pick you up. The contact number is 07441052837
Thank you! That's all I need today. You've been very helpful.|Glad to be of service!
Can you suggest some places to dine?|Sure.  Do you have any preferences as far as area, cuisine or price range?
I'd like Indonesian food if it's available.|I have no listings for that type of food,any other types you would like?
Please check to see if there are any restaurants that serve modern European food.|Yes I have many options in this category. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
Any restaurant you recommend is fine. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number.|I would suggest riverside brassiere.
Ok, can I have the address, postcode, and phone number please?|Their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, postcode cb21rt. Their phone is 01223259988.
Im also looking for a 4 star hotel. It needs to have free parking.|I have 3 hotels that meet what you have asked for. Two are in the west and one is in the centre.  What area are you looking to stay?
I don't have a preference for an area. I will need free wifi, now that I think about it.|I recommend the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel.
Thanks. That sounds good. Can you give me the area it's in?|Absolutely. It is in the west part of the city. Would you like me to book it for you?
No booking just yet, but I do want to know the price range and phone number please|Sure, it's in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01480446000. Can I assist with anything else?
That is everything that I need.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you tell me about architectural attractions on the west side?|Yes, we have so many interesting architectural attractions. Do you have any particular area in mind?
Yes, I'm looking for something in the west.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything architectural in the west. Would you like me to try a different area or attraction type?
Alright could you tell me about the museums in the West?|There are 7 museums in the west, do you have a preference of what you'd like to see?
Can you recommend one? I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number too.|The cambridge book and print gallery is at 49 newnham road. It is a nice, free museum. The phone number is 01223694264. Anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in a hotel called Alpha-Milton guest house. I need to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|I've got you booked at the Alpha-Milton Guest House, and your reference number is T1JSFDDI.
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:45. get contact number and car type|You are all set, look for a black Audi, they can be reached by phone at 07657880984.  Is there anything else that I can assist with?
No that is everything I need. Thank you.|Thank you, hope you have a fun trip!
I am looking for a specific hotel|Can you give me the name of the hotel you're looking for?
yes.its name is bridge guest house.|I found it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people for 5 nights starting on friday.|I apologize, but the hotel can't accommodate you.
How about for Sunday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IHW6XAGZ.
Great, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
You can end this conversation now|Ok I will.
Can I get some information on a train?|Sure!  I'll be glad to find some information for you if you could provide me with your destination choice and the day you would like to depart.
I want to leave from Cambridge after 08:30.|Sure, I can find that information for you.  Were will you be departing from?
I will departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stansted Airport. I need to find a train for Monday for 7 people to leave after 8:30 am.|There is no train available on Monday for this time. Would you like to change your departure time?
Hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 08:30? All day?|I'm sorry for the confusion, there are actually 16 trains to choose from. They depart every hour beginning at 08:40 through 23:40. Do you prefer an early departure time?
I would like an early train, yes. As close to 8:30 as possible. I need tickets for 7 people.|Okay, I got you 7 tickets on the train leaving at 8:40. Your reference number is KVV4HJSU
Cool. Now I will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 2 stars and free wifi|Sure thing, I found 2 hotels in the North matching that criteria. I recommend the Ashley hotel which offers free parking & WiFi. Would you like a reservation?
I sure would. Please book for the same number of people beginning on Friday for 3 nights Again, there are 7 of us.|I can't book it right now, do you want the phone number?
No. I need it booked. Please try again.|The booking was successful, reference number JVOL9ZA1. Can I help with something else?
no thanks you've been great!|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Good bye!
I need to come to Cambridge on Sunday and I'd like to take a train. Do you have anything leaving out of Birmingham New Street on that day?|The trip is close to 3 hours.  Do you have a preferred departure time?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 9:15 please.|There is one train that arrives by 08:23. Do you want me to book it?
Can I get the train ID and also the price for this trip?|The train id for that is TR8730  and the price is 60.08 pounds per ticket.  Can I help you more today?
I am also looking for information on a hotel called autumn house.|What would you like to know about it?
I want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train trip.|booking successful. Ref number is X0JLKVVF. Anything else today?
Thank you.  That was all I needed today.|Have a great trip.
Thanks a lot for all your help!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi|I have found several possibilities for you.  Do you have any particular area you would like to stay in?
In the south would be better.|I have two in the moderate price range and one that is in a lower price range. Do you have a preference as far as that goes?
I don't care about the price range, I just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the south.|I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast located at 53 Roseford Road.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Does it have free parking?|Yes this guesthouse has free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
No, but I would like the address, postcode and phone number please|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast address is 53 roseford road , postcode cb22ha, and phone 01223512596. Can I look anything else up for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant called nandos city centre, can I have more info  on that?|Nando's City Centre is a great portuguese restaurant that is cheap and is located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation. But can I get their postcode please?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 14:30.|Can I get a destination for the taxi please?
Nando's City Centre restaurant please|I have booked your ride. Your car type is a black Honda and your contact number is 07917232532. Is there anything else you need?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you have a great day!
I need a place to dine in the center that serves modern European food.|We have 4 different places. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Can any of them accommodate a table of 3 at 19:00 on Sunday?|I was able to book de luca cucina and bar LPZ329U9
That's great. Thank you so much.|Glad I was able to help. Do you need anymore help today?
I would also like to find a 3 star hotel that includes parking. Can you help me with that?|Sure. The Gonville Hotel is located in the centre and the Lensfield Hotel is in the south. Would you like me to book a stay?
Yes please. I would prefer to stay in the center.|When would you like to check in at The Gonville Hotel?
I need it for four nights starting on Sunday for three people please.|Done! Your reference number is ISXF46BT. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, have a great day!
Could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the north side of town?|Sure. How about the avalon? They also have free internet as well.
Sure that would be lovely.|Alright, for how many people and for how long would you like to book this?
Can I get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we will be there Thursday. Thank you|I was unable to get you that booking, perhaps a different day or length of stay?
Sure, how about a different hotel in the same price range?|There are 7 guest houses in the same price range . Archway house and Arbury Guest House are on the same road. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please book it for me.|I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is IJ54OOHX, may I assist with anything else?
Thank you so much for your help.|I am happy I was able to confirm your booking. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No. That is all I need. Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has 3 stars.|I can certainly help you with that! What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the south.|There is a hotel and a guesthouse available. Did you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range I just need it to be a hotel.|Ok, I can book you at the Lensfield Hotel.  What day will you be arriving?
I would like the hotel for 5 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.|I can book the lensfield hotel on Tuesday for 5 people and 3 nights, is this alright?
Yes, that would be great.  Please send me the reference number, too.|Would another day or a shorter stay work?
If you can't book it for 3 nights we can try two instead.|I was able to successfully do 2 nights, your reference number is VH33JKKF.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be everything. Thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
Can you find a hotel by the name of Leverton House?|Yes, I have found the Leverton House located in the east.
Great, can you book a room for  people please?  We would like 3 nights arriving on Sunday.|How many people would you like to book?
Sorry about that. I would like it for 5 people.|Sorry, I couldn't find a room available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Please, search another hotel in the same pricerange that the Leverton house.|I have several, in what area would you like it to be?
i don't care.|I was able to book you at the allenbell. Reference number BON67CDZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!|Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I need help with the train schedule, please.|I have almost 3,000 trains on schedule.   What is your preferred departure day and time and arrival day and time?
I would need a train leaving Cambridge and arriving in Peterborough on Thursday at 15:45.|We have the TR4274 arriving in Peterborough at 15:56. Does that work?
That would be great, can you book that for 6 people please?|Of course. So just to confirm before booking, you are looking to travel from cambridge to peterborough on thursday before 16:00?
Before 15:45, yes for 6 people. Please send me the reference number. I am also looking for a hotel called Acorn Guest House.|I have booked TR8531 which arrives at peterborough at 1524. The reference number is PDLPM33D and 99 GBP is payable at the station.
I also am looking for a particular hotel called acorn guest house|The Acorn guesthouse is located in the north and is moderately priced. It has a 4 star rating with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book here?
Yes. I need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.|Okay, I have booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you, starting on Sunday, for 4 nights, for 6 people.  Your reference number is K69IOQ1Z.
Thank you for your help! How much was that booking at the Acorn Guesthouse?|I'm sorry but it does not say. I would suggest calling the hotel and providing them with your reference number to find out.
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number for the hotel please?|Sure, the phone number to Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. That's all I need right now. Goodbye.|No problem! Thank you for your business and I hope we see you again. Take care!
Hello. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves good Chinese food, preferable in the city centre. Can you help me locate one?|Of course! There are ten chinese restaurants in the centre. How about Charlie Chan? It's a cheap place on Regent Street.
Actually I would prefer something in the expensive range if possible.|Tang chinese looks good, would you like to try that?
Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Tang Chinese is located on Napier Street City Centre, postcode cb11hr, and the phone number is 01223357187.
Great. Now I need an expensive place to stay with free wifi.|Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No area in specific, however I would like free parking as well|I can recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is located in the city centre
How many stars does that hotel have?|It has 4 stars.
Does it have free parking as well?|Yes it has free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you.|Well then, can I do anything else for you today?
No, I think that will be all today.|Thank you for calling! I hope you have a fantastic day!
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.|Yes, I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I would like a moderately priced hotel. Preferably a guesthouse.|How many stars would you like it to have?
That doesn't matter. Can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 3 nights.|I will go ahead and book you at the Archway House. Booking was successful. Reference number is : GJA79LYP. Is there anything else I can help you with today.
Yes I also need to find a train going to bishops stortford.|Could you tell me the day you will be traveling, and the time you would like to leave?
Yeah, we need to leave after 15:00 on Sunday from Cambridge.|TR3600 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at bishops stortford at 16:07. Do you want to book this train?
Yeah, get me 4 tickets please and then tell me the reference number|Booked! Your reference number is ZQ7T3ROI. Anything else you'd like me to help with?
I am all taken care of now. Thank you! See ya!|Okay, goodbye and have a nice trip!
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.|I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after 20:15.|At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the west. Can you help me out?|I can, what type of food are you looking for?
We were thinking we would like some Asian Oriental food, if available.|There are no asian oriental places in that area of town. Would you like a different type of food?
What about British food in that part of town?|In british cuisine, you have three choices. Saint John's Chop House is moderately priced, while Graffiti and Travellers Rest are expensive.
Let me try Graffiti out. Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at 17:45?|Your table is booked. Reference number is I8UTT26J.
cool, i need a place to stay, too.|What side of town would you like to stay on?
I don't really care.  I do need free wifi, but parking doesn't really matter.|What is your price range?
I would like a three star place, if you have one.|Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins.
Reference number is : I8UTT26J.
I would like to find a 3 star guesthouse that has free parking. I would need the area it is in and a phone number.|If you'd like to stay near the hotel, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west. It is moderately priced and has free parking. Would you like information on that?
Do you mean that it is close to the restaurant? Can you give me the phone number?|Sorry, yes, that is what I meant.  The phone number is 01223304906.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
No, thank you. I do need to book a taxi from the hotel that arrives at the restaurant by the reservation time, though, please.|Ok, I've got you a cab from hobsons house to graffiti, arriving by 17:45. The car is a yellow lexus.
Contact number	:	07292320210
thank you for your help. That's all I need today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in when I visit next month.|Alright I've found quite a few. How about the acorn guest house?
Does it have 3 stars? I'd like my lodgings to be 3-star rated, please. I'm quite particular. I also will require free parking and Internet.|I would recommend Bridge Guest House.  It is in the south and has 3 stars with free wifi and parking.
Could I book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting Tuesday?|I'm sorry, but I was not able to book it. Would you like to try another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
Could we try 2 nights.|That was a success! Your reference number is G8JEZPDW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No,that is all thanks.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Oh sorry I still want to look for a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn which leaves at 21:15 Thursday.|I have two, arrivals of 22:58 and 23:68. Shall I book them?
I don't need tickets right now, but can you tell me the train ID for the 22:58 train, please?|The train is TR3495. Will that be all today?
No, that is all, thank you again.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to find a cheap guesthouse to stay in.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would you like to try that?
Does it have free parking?|And free Wifi, interested?
Yes can you book me a room and send me a reference number?|Sure, what nights were you wanting to stay?
I was hoping to stay for 4 nights starting tuesday.|How many rooms do you need?
Two rooms, and the reference number after booking. Also wanting an entertainment attraction in the centre. If nothing is available, then a park would be fine.|Where would you like the hotel to be located in town?
I've already picked the Alexander bed and breakfast. I need a reservation for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 28D4Y8J7.
Thank you I also am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is entertainment.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any entertainment style attractions in the center. Would you like to check a different area?
Do you have any parks instead?|cambridge university botanic gardens located at bateman street and entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you arrange a taxi to get me from the Alexander B&B to the Botanic Gardens? I want to leave the Alexander by 05:00.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07054308445 and it will be a blue Lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap Italian restaurant.|How about Pizza Hut City Centre?  I hear it is very good.
I s it located in the north?|No, that one was in the Centre.  But, da vinci pizzeria is in the north
Da Vinci Pizzeria is fine can you book a table for one for Monday at 12:00?|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, what about the reference number?|My system is down and I am unable to book at the moment.  Here is their # 01223351707 or we can try again later.  Sorry for inconvenience.
Wow, really? Could you try again please?|My apologies, this is actually a system issue and i cannot book.   I have reported in, in the meantime do you need other information?
I will try back later for the reference number. Could you find me a place to stay that is near the restaurant?|There are several in the moderate to cheap range. Do you have a star preference?
no stars would work for me.|I would recommend city centre north b and b. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a guesthouse with 0 stars?|Yes they are a guesthouse with a 0 star rating in the north area.
Okay, great. Please book that for me then. It'll be 1 person for 2 nights|What day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Monday.|You are booked into city center north b and b with reference number O1TNBPLU. You are also booked  at da vinci pizzeria, reference number QLKCDA7V.
I also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by my reservation time.|I have booked you with a yellow bmw with the contact number 07383383242. Is there anything else I can help with today?
.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T4EHQENA. Anything else.|I wish you safe travels. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I would like a train going to kings lynn.|The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58.  Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after 17:30.|Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday|Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y. You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking.  I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.|Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking.  Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
Oh no, that's not good! I really wanted them to book a hotel that matches my criteria. Oh well.|Ok don't worry i'm happy to help.   Can I try a different area or star rating?
How about a guesthouse instead?|There are no guest houses matching either.  Can we try a different star rating or area?
Yes that does sound good.|acorn guest house is in the north, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Will this work for you?
book for the same number of people and 2 nights starting sunday|that was just for yourself, correct?
Yes 1 person please.|Ok you are booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 2 days starting Sunday. Your reference number is WTCEQW. Will there be anything else?
That is all I need.|Fantastic! Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
Yes I am looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|We have 3 hotels in the centre of town. Did you want a moderately priced one or an expensive hotel?
Price doesn't matter and I don't need internet. I do however need free parking.|In that case, I recommend the University Arms Hotel, a 4-star place on regent street.
That sounds good, let's go with that one.|I can book that for you. How many people will be staying? How many nights do you want to stay?
I would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from Wednesday, please.|Your room is booked, ref# KHHJBQSZ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also would like to find some places to go in the area of the hotel.|We're fortunate to have a wide variety of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any specific interests today?
I think I would like it to be of the multiple sports type.|Unfortunately there are no multiple sports attractions in the center. Please consider changing the attraction type or area.
Are there any theatres near the University Arms Hotel?|There are four theatres in tat area, I recommend the mumford theatre.
Okay, can I please have the postcode?|Of course, it's cb11pt.
Thanks! I'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and I'll need to leave the theatre by 07:30, please.|I've booked it and the car you're looking for is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07609359169. Is there anything else?
That's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need to book a train that departs after 14:30 from Broxbourne please.|Where will you be traveling to? I have multiple options for trains leaving after 14:30 from Broxbourne
I need a train to Cambridge, please.|And what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Broxbourne Tuesday.|How many tickets?
I don't need to book right now. Could you just give me the train ID.  I'll need one that leaves after 14:30 Tuesday.|The first available train on Tuesday leaves at 14:32. The train id is TR9417. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Im looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi and has 4 stars.|There are quite a few guest houses in Cambridge that would meet your needs. Do you have a preferred price range or area of town?
No preference on either. Can you recommend me a place and can I get a postcode for that guesthouse?|The warkworth house is a great choice for you, should we book a room? The postcode is cb11ee.
Yes, that sounds great.|How long will your stay be and when will it begin?
I'm not sure, actually. Just doing some research. Could you tell me what the price range is on the Warkworth?|It appears to be moderate.  Is that ok?
Yes that is fine.|OK, it seems to have 4 stars and offers both free internet and free parking.  Is there any other information I could get for you?
No thank you. That is it.|Okay, glad I could be of assistance.
I want to find a chinese restaurant in the east. Do you know of any?|There is one, Yu Garden, and it is expensive. Does that appeal to you?
Sure, can I please have the phone number?|Phone is 01223248882. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thanks, but I would like to find a place to stay. I need a 4-star place with free parking.|I have about 19 hotels that are 4 star. May i know your preferred area, type and budget so i can narrow down the search for you to choose from.
I do want a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I would like someplace expensive.|great! there are two options for you. huntingdon marriott hotel or university arms hotel
Let's go with the university arms hotel. I'd like it for 2 people starting sunday. We'd like to stay for 3 nights.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : K9LY95GD. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
nope that is all thanks for all of your help!|Thank you for calling.
I am looking for a hotel with a star of four with free wifi.|We have 21 hotels and guesthouses that match those requirements. Do location or price matter?
I would like a guesthouse.  Location and price aren't important.|Okay.  I would recommend the A and B Guest House on the east side of town.
Ok, please book for 4 nights beginning thursday for 2 people.  Thank you.|What day will you be checking in?
Oh before you book, please advise on whether they have free parking or not.|They do not have free parking but they do have free internet.
Well that does not work,can I get the phone number anyway?|their phone number is 01223315702. is that all?
and what area is it in?|It is in the east. Is there anything else you need?
Yes. I need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on monday. 2 tickets and the ref would be great|Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D4AK1SN3.
Ok, thank you. This is all the information I need right now.|I hope we were able to help you today.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the centre.|I'm sorry, I couldn't find anything like that in the centre.
How about a theatre type?|How about the ADC Theatre? It's located in centre. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the address?|The adc theatre address is park street post code is cb58as
I would also like to find and expensive, 4 star place to stay.|Would you like the hotel to also be in the centre area? We have one in centre and one in the west area.
In the same area as the attraction please. So I guess centre|I have the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, 6 people for three nights starting on tuesday.|your all set! reference number is YE34VAVO. Anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.|What time would you like to leave and or arrive?
i want to drive by 05:00. Contact number and car type, please.|Your booking is completed, a blue bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is: 07241940832.  Do you need any further assistance today?
That was all I needed.  Thanks so much!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge
Need a cheap place to eat at at the centre.|Dojo Noodle bar seems nice. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I would prefer italian food.  Do you show something cheap in the center?|How about pizza hut city centre?
That sounds good. Can you set aside a table for 4 at 14:45 on Thursday?|Certainly.  I have made that reservation for 4 and the reference number is P79A65W8.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for information on Autumn House. I believe it is a hotel.|The autumn house is a guest house it's in the cheap price range however has a 4 star rating.  It also offers internet and parking.
What is their phone number?|01223575122. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, that would be great.|What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying for how many nights?
I'd like Thursday for 4 people, please.|How many days would you like to stay?
You know what, I haven't fully decided yet. I've got their number, I can call later if I need to get a reservation. Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome. Please call back when I can assist you.
Hi, can you help me find a 2 star hotel that has free wifi?|There are 2 moderately priced hotels in the north and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you have a preference?
What about a cheap one?|I have 2 hotels in the cheap range, one in the north and one in the centre. The star rating on both is 0 however. Would either of these work?
No, I really need 2 stars.  Could you check for a moderate price range?|I have the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book a room at one of these?
Yes, I need it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on friday.|Neither is available for four nights.
Can you check again? I need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 2 stars, and a cheap or moderate price range.|Can we possibly try for a different amount of days? Otherwise I'll a new search to check availability.
I'm really looking for only moderately priced hotels that have free wifi and 2-stars. Can you look and see if there is one that meets those options?|The ashley hotel is a two-star hotel with a moderate price and internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is 2YWNK0ZZ.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I would like to visit some architecture in the center of town.|We have some great architecture in the center of town. Great Saint Mary's over on Market Street is popular, but charges visitors 2 pounds to visit.
Could you give me the phone number of Great Saint Mary's please?|Their phone number is 01223350914
Thank you, you've been very helpful.  I don't need anything else.  Have a great day.|Thank you very much, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.|I can help you with that. Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?
I think I need it to be in the centre. I probably prefer a hotel if possible.|There is one available. The university arms hotel. It is expensive, is that okay?
Sure. I need a room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday.|Your reservation at the university arms hotel for 5 days 4 nights for 4 people was successful. Your Reference number is : BW6K6IAR.
Thanks. Now that the hotel is set, I need to book a train for Thursday going to Peterborough.|I have 38 trains going to Peterborough on Thursday.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
Yes, I am leaving from Cambridge and I will need to arrive by 09:45 please|ok am booking for you one and send you the requirements
Hello! I need a guesthouse to stay in, and I really need it to include free parking for my van. Can you help?|I sure can! There are 21 guesthouses in the city that include free parking. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Yes, in the south, please, and someplace with 4 stars.|aylesbray lodge guest house is available and is 4 stars, would you like me to book this for you?
Perfect! I'll need a room for 5 people on thursday. We'll be staying for 3 nights.|You are booked into aylesbray lodge guest house. Your reference number is 744K1A1E. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go. Are there any museums in town?|The Byard Art is a museum in the south located at 14 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj. Phone number 01223464646 and best yet, it is free!
Thanks, you've been extremely helpful. That's all I needed!|Great! Let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.|There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.|Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 11:15.|Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please|The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.|Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?|Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
Hi, can you help me locate a hotel named City Centre B and B.  Really looking forward to trying different restaurants.|City Centre North B and B is at 328a Histon Road. Please let me know if you would like restaurant recommendations.
Can you please help me book that hotel for 8 people. We'll be staying for two nights starting on Tuesday.|i am doing that right away sir. thank you
Are you still there?  Were you able to book that?  Can I get a reference number please?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MOPETAI4.
Thank you, good bye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hey, any entertainment type places in this town?|Yes, the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and Funky Fun House are in the east, the south has Tenpin as well as Nusha, and Whale of a Time in the west.
Could I get the Cherry Hinton Hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?|You might have to call, I do not have an entrance fee listed. The number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.
I am also looking for information on the ashley hotel.|What information can I provide for you?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. For 5 people, please.|I was able to book it, reference number 6BIQ6UWS
Great!  That was all I needed.|Hope you have a great trip!
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.|I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.|Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results.  Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?|Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections.  Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions?
I need a place to eat in the east.|Do you have a preference for cuisine type or price?
Something that is moderate in price, and I'll need a table for 3 at 15:45 this coming saturday.|How about Curry Prince at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton?
That sounds fine. Do they have a table available for 3 on Saturday at 15:45?|I'll check that now. If they have availability would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes, please, I would like that.|I was able to book it, reference number is 4269Q40G.
Thanks! I also need to book a hotel room.|I have 33 hotels.  Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I would love something 4 star rated and I have a lot of work to do in the room so free wifi would be great.|If you have no preference on area, I'd like to recommend the Autumn House in the east. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.|You're all set. 5 nights at Autumn house, arriving on Saturday for 3 guests. Your Reference number is : VUOH5KP2.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|I am glad to have been able to assist you.
I need to find a moderately priced guesthouse, please.|A and b guest house is moderately priced in the east part of town.
I need a place in the North, sorry.|I have a few in the east part of town,would you need free parking?
Not worried about parking. I am looking for a hotel that would be available starting Monday for 4 nights for 6 people.|In the North part of Town, I have 9 moderately priced options. I recommend Arbury Lodge which can accommodate your booking and has 4 stars.
Sounds great. I want to book the hotel for 6 people. We will be there for 4 nights and arrive on Monday. May I also get the reference number?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is SE28HKNK. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that's all that I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I need a train on Tuesday that goes to london kings cross.|There are ten trains on tuesday to that location. What time would you like to depart?
I want to leave by 19:30.|I have a train leaving Cambridge at 11:00 to go to London Kings Cross by 11:51, TR6925.  Does this sound acceptable?
Well I need it to leave after 19:30 and I would like to make a booking for 5 people on Tuesday and I will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : MMHRON1T.
i am also looking for information about the hamilton lodge.|The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north area. Would you like a booking?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?|They do indeed have free internet as well as free parking.
Ok.  Thanks.  All set.|Is there anything else I can get for you today?
No, that would be all for today. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a place called gonville hotel.|The Gonville is an elegant 3 star hotel in the centre of town, offering free wifi and free parking. Would you like a reservation or the number?
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|All set. Your reference number is  P10CUJQ2.
Thank you. I also need a place to eat in the city centre.|Ok.  What type of restaurant are you interested in?
I'm looking for a cheap Indian restaurant.|Can I recommend the kohinoor. Shall I book it ?
What is the phone number, address, and postcode?|Kohinoor restaurant  address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,  postcode is cb12as and the phone number is 01223323639
Can you please help me get a taxi?|I need to know when you want to leave and arrival time in order for me to order you a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel by 08:15 going to the restaurant.|blue skoda
Contact number	:	07053589039
 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Great. Have a good day.
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in town when I visit Cambridge. What kind of entertainment attractions are there available in the centre?|There aren't any entertainment attractions in the center area.
How about a swimming pool in centre?|Yes, Parkside Pools is in the centre of town, on Gonville Place.
How much is admissoin?|Unfortunately my system is not showing an entrance fee but I can give you their phone number so you can call and inquire.
Yes, please - the phone number and postcode.|Okay. The phone number is 01223446100 and the post code is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want to book a stay at alpha-milton guest house. i want to book for 3 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|it has been booked. reference number is OPFPJHUK.
Thank you so much you have been a big help.|No problem. Enjoy you stay.
Thank I will.|Great! Bye now!
Hi, I am looking for a hotel called the Acorn Guest House.  Could I get the address?|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. It's a 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Great. I need to make a reservation starting on Saturday.|And how many nights would you like to stay?
5 nights starting from saturday.|And how many people will be staying?
6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Your reservation for 5 people at the acorn guest house this saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ME1D0S58.
Thanks so much. Can you tell me the address for a place called Castle Galleries?|The address for Castle galleries is Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street.
Great.  I would like a taxi to pick me up there at 21:00.|Will you be heading to the hotel?
Yes, I would like to head to and from the attraction.|Alright, I have a red skoda scheduled to pick you up.  The contact number is 07634294072.  Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should do it. Thanks much, goodbye!|Let us know if you need further help. Good bye.
I would like to find a 1 star hotel to stay at that includes free parking. Do you know of any?|There is no match for those criteria
Well could we look for a hotel in the moderate price range?|There are many in the moderate price range. What area of town would you like to be in? Guesthouse or hotel?
That does not matter but I want it to have 4 stars.|I would recommend the ayelsbray lodge guest house, would you like me to book you?
Not yet.  Could I get the address?|yes its 154 Chesterton Road , is there anything else ?
I also need to find somewhere to eat.|We a many great restaurants in town!  Is there a particular type of cuisine you would like?
I really just want a place in the centre that is also moderate in price|Would you like to try an Asian restaurant?
Sure! Could you book it for 8 people at 12:15?|What day would you like that booking for?
Sorry, I would like that for Thursday.|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the yippee noodle bar.
Reference number is : SYZP8RAY.
Thank you. That is all for now.|You are welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, bye
Hi. I am looking for a hotel to stay in.|Do you have a hotel in mind or a price range?
I wanted somewhere expensive :D|there are five expensive hotels in cambridge. Do you have a star preference or area in mind?
Yes. I'm looking for a 3 start hotel|I recommend the gonville hotel located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room or do you need anymore information?
Is there an expensive hotel with 3 stars that is located in the south?|Yes, there is the lensfield hotel.
book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|I was able to book your room per your request.  The reference number is : 9RXKQ7C3.
Can you locate a train that will take me to the hotel.|Yes, where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on sunday.|What is your destination, and what time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave after 13:00 on Sunday and I want to go to Kings Lynn.|I have options available would you like me to book something for you.
I just need the train ID, please.|Sure thing TR7423. Thank you
Thanks for serving me!|Your welcome. Have a great day!
You too much appreciated.|Glad to be of service. Goodbye.
I need information about places to stay that have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi.|There are many options available for you. In what area would you like to be located?
I  don't mind the area.|I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. It's 4 stars, but cheap!
What's the address there, please.|The address is 517a coldham lane. Do you need anything else?
i need to go eat|Did you need help finding information on restaurants?
Yes, I'd like something cheap in the centre.|i have 15 cheap restaurants in that area. what is your preferred food?
I don't have a preference for food. Anything is fine. Just cheap and in the Centre.|I recommend the golden house, if you like Chinese. I'd be happy to book a table for you.
Book table for 3 saturday at 19:30 and need reference number. I want a taxi to go between the guesthouse and restaurant in time for reservation. Contact number & car type?|Ok, your reference number for the restaurant is CFR1XESP. Before I move on, did you need anything else regarding dining?
Thank you! No, I just need to get a taxi that arrives before my reservation time, please.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving the hotel|Booked. The Taxi will be a blue volvo and the contact number: 07653266113
Thank you so much for your help. I think that's all I need right now.|welcome all the time
Thanks so much! Have a great day!|Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?|We have 11 guesthouses available.  Is it possible to narrow it down to price range or number of stars?
Yes I am looking for something in the expensive price range.|We have no guesthouses in the expensive range, are there any other ranges that you would be interested in.
Yes, what about guesthouse in the moderate price range?|There are 3 in the area you are looking for. The acorn guest house, the arbury lodge guesthouse, and the archway house. Would you like to know more?
I'd like some details on the Acorn Guest House please. What's the address, postcode, and phone number?|The address of the Acorn Guest House is 154 chesterton road. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge.|I have 202 trains that match that description. Where are you headed?
I am headed to Leicester and it should leave after 13:45.|TR3780 will depart Cambridge at 14:21 and arrive in leicester by 16:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 6 tickets. When you book it can you get me a reference number?|Certainly, your reference number is I1CM9WUT. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. That is all at this time.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a place called Bridge Guest House. Can you help me?|OK, it is a 3-star moderately priced guesthouse in the south. It offers free parking and WiFi to guests. Do you need more info?
No, that's all I need.|its available shall i book it for you ?
No thank you. But can you tell me if there's a restaurant called cocum in town?|Yes, there is. It's an expensive indian restaurant in the west. Did you need a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation, please? Can we make it for Saturday at 16:00 for 7 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P98ZTJBU. anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a good day and enjoy your visit!
I am wanting to go to the theatre. Are there any in the centre of town?|The adc theatre is located on Park Street.  There are a few others as well.
The adc theatre sounds perfect. Could I get the postcode and phone number please?|Absolutely - the ADC's postcode is cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 0. It doesn't need to include free internet.|There are 3 places to stay in Cambridge that have star ratings of 0, but they all include internet. Would you prefer a cheap or moderately priced hotel/guesthouse?
I don't care about the price, but I would like a place in the centre of town with free parking.|I have the perfect place for you. It's called the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is on the cheap side and includes free parking and wifi. Can I interest you in it?
Is El Shaddai in the centre of town?|It sure is.  Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes can you reserve for two nights beginning May 18th?|Absolutely. How many people do you need a booking for?
I need to book for three people.|With the greeting  customer wanted to get information about theatre and hotel in the center of the city with free parking and free wii fii and not bothered about price.
Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called sala thong.|Sala Thong is a great Thai restaurant in the West. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure.  I need a table for Friday at 14:15 for 5 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : V6LXVBDJ.
rad, thanks for your help.|Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.|Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, I want to stay on the north side of town.|How about kirkwood house??
Is that in the expensive price range and do they have free internet and parking?|They do have free internet and parking but the price is in the moderate range.
I definitely want to stay in the expensive range, so how about we change the area to the centre of town. What do you have there with wifi and parking?|We have Gonville Hotel with 3 stars and University Arms Hotel with 4 stars. Which would you like more information on?
I will take the University Arms Hotel, please. I would like it booked for 4 nights on Friday. There are 5 people in my group.|You are all set the reference number is CZ52QG8N, anything else today?
Not at this time thank you.|Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.
Im looking for some nightclubs in the centre of town.|I have 5 in that area of town can I recommend the soul tree nightclub it only has a 4 pound entrance fee.
Are there any that are free entry?|No, our nightclubs are top notch and that takes a bit of punch, so they all have an entrance fee. The Soul Tree is the most budget sensitive.
Ok I need the address of the the soul tree.|The Soul Tree is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel with a two star rating.|There are none available would you like to try a different star rating?
How about one that is in the moderate price range?|The moderately priced Ashley Hotel in the north area might suit you.  It has 2 stars and provides internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I need to make it for 6 people start Saturday for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3ZAWRMEC.
Thank you, that is everything for today.|enjoy your stay!
Hello, i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the cambridge area close to local attractions.  I don't need internet or parking.  Can you help?|All the lodging I have found offers internet and parking. Would that be ok?
That is perfect, I was looking for free parking as it was.|Is there a particular part of Cambridge you are hoping to stay in?
I'm looking for a place in the cheap price range with free parking.|I think the Allenbell would be a good fit. Would you like a reservation?
Does it also have free wifi?|Yes it does have Wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, book one night please.  What is the star rating by the way?  Also what parks are in the west area?|its a 4-star.  from which day should i book?
Actually, I'm not quite ready to book yet. But I am looking for parks in the west part of town. What are my options there?|I don't show any parks in the west.  Would you like to try another attraction?
Can you look for a nice museum instead?|There's 7 museums in the west and I highly recommend the cafe jello gallery. Would you like more information?
I'd like the postcode and phone number of that gallery please.|The cafe jello gallery is at  13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Phone number 01223312112
Can you book me a taxi as well?|Sure, what time would you like to leave and where from?
I want to leave the museum by 23:00.|Can you specify your destination?
I want to go from the Allenbell to the Cafe Jello Gallery. I want to leave the museum by 23:00.|Booking completed! The booked car type is a yellow skoda and your contact number	is 07590574334. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that should be all for today, thanks!|no problem. I have changed your booking. Your new taxi would be a black volkswagen and its contact number is 07276925880. Is that everything?
Thank you that's all i need!|You're welcome. Have a good time!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the north|I have two two star hotels in the north that are both moderately priced.  Do you have any other requirements such internet or parking?
No, I don't need parking. Can you just recommend a place to stay?|I would recommend ashley hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book the ashley hotel for me, thank you.|When do you want your reservation to be and for how many people?
Starting Monday and its for 2 people. I also need a reference number|How many nights?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel starting Monday, your reference number is IGAT23Z5. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.|Have a great stay.
I am looking for some attractions in downtown Cambridge/|There are 44 attractions listed, do you have a specific interest?
What types of attractions are there?|Architecture, boats, cinema, colleges, concert halls, entertainment, museums, sports, nightclubs, parks, pools, and theatres. What part of town would you like to be in?
What about a museum in the centre of town?|Yes there are 11 museums in the centre.  There are art museums, science museums, archaeology.  All of them have free admission!
I'd also like a guesthouse with 0 stars.  I don't need wifi or parking but should be in same area as attraction.  Can you help with that?|El Shaddai is the perfect match for you. It is located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, that sounds great. Thank you.|Do you need anything else?
I need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.  Is this possible?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is IE05GDQS.
Great, thanks so much for all your help. Have a good day!|You, too. Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.
Yes, I need a train for wednesday arriving at 14:45.|I have train TR3634 leaving cambridge and arriving london kings cross at 13:51.  Will that work for you?
I need the train to go to cambridge and leave from stansted airport.|I reserved a seat for you on the 05:24 train. Your reference number is9BQT5T9M. Your ticket of 10.1 GBP is payable when you get to the station.
Great, that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge!
I need a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge, arriving by 14:45 on Wednesday, please...|Sorry about all that confusion. I think I've found you a train. TR3720 is the closest in time, leaving the airport 13:24, arriving Cambridge 13:52. Would you like a seat reserved?
Yes, I'd like to book for three people please.|I've booked you 3 seats on the TR3720 with a total fee of 30.29 GBP which is payable at the station. The reference number is Y3ATC2SJ.
Thank you. Im also looking for a hotel in the north in the moderate price range.|Ashley hotel is available, would that work for you?
Sure, can you book it for 2 nights and 3 people?|Booking was successful, you reference number is DEMBOPOR, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
What is there to do in the centre of town?|There are 44 attractions. What type of attraction do you want to visit?
Possibly a theatre?|I have a listing for 4 in that area,can I recommend adc theatre?
Ok, what's the phone number for that place?|You can reach ADC at 01223300085.  Is there any other information I can get for you today?
What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb58as and the address is park street.  Enjoy your visit!
Thanks! I also need some help finding a hotel on the east side.|How about the express by holiday inn cambridge? It is on the east side & has parking and wifi.
What star is it ?|It is a 2 star. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'm not ready to book yet.  Thanks for all the help today, that's all I needed.  Good bye.|Let us know if we can help more.
Can you find me a particular hotel please?|I can.  If you'd give me the name, or other details, I can search for it.
I am looking for the Warkworth House. I would like to book it starting Sunday for 3 nights for 2 people.|The Warkworth house is a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is that okay?
Yeah that's okay. Please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I find a different hotel for you?
Please look for a different hotel in the same pricerange.|I was able to book A and B Guest house, reference number is QRVY59M0.
Thanks so much for all of your help|you're so very welcome. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
No thank you that is all.|Okay Great. Glad I could be of help.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 0|Unfortunately I am not finding any hotels matching your criteria, would you like me to look for three star hotels?
how about a star of 0?|Sorry, still zero matches. Perhaps some other criteria?
Ok how about a cheap priced hotel, free wifi would be a plus.|El shaddai is a cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yeah. Can you help me book it please? It'll be for 8 people|How many days will you be staying, and what day will you be arriving?
2 nights for 8 people starting on sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : E69CNU30.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all the info I needed. Have a great day!|Here is the address for your hotel 41 warkworth street postcode cb11eg.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for swimmingpool located in the east,any suggestions?|Yes, the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side. They're located on Pool Way and Whitehill Road off of NewMarket. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb58nt. I am not sure of the entrance fee.
Is the fee not listed? I also will need to find a hotel, and I will need free parking please.|The entrance fee is not listed I am afraid for the pool.  For hotels, I have Autumn House and Leverton House for hotels, 4 stars and free parking.
Is one of them located in the east. I would really like to be closer to swimming pool.|The Autumn House appears to be closer, the address is 710 Newmarket Road. Does that work?
yeah, can i get the price range and the postcode|For a price range I have 'cheap'!
I think that will be all, bye.|Let me know if you need anything else.
I would like info about the Cityroomz hotel please|It is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks, how many stars is it rated?|It had a star rating of 0.
I'm also interested in places to go. What kind of entertainment is there in the south?|There are a couple of parks, a cinema, museum, nightclub, and a theatre. Are you interested in any info about any of these?
Any of them would be fine, how about a cinema? Can you let me know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number for one?|Cineworld Cinema is located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way cb17dy.  The phone number is 00872208000.  There is no admission fee currently, so you may want to call.
Great, thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else?
No, I'm fine now. Thanks again.|Thank you for using this service today.
We are visiting cambridge for the first time and looking for a moderately priced place to stay for 5 nights that includes free parking. Any suggestions?|Most definitely! We have a wide-range of hotels that offer free wifi and parking. Do you prefer a particular a particular area in Cambridge?
I think I want somewhere in the east|We have two places to pick from, I recommend the warkworth house, shall I book you?
Sure I need rooms for 7 people|What day will you be coming in and how long will you be staying?
I want to start my stay on Sunday for 7 people, 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 42Z3RMYG.
Can you recommend a tour of the college near the hotel?|There are no colleges in that area. Should I look in another area?
Why don't you search for a boat attraction instead please|Camboats is the one choice for boat attractions in the east. Can I do anything else today?
Could you give me the address and entrance fee?|Of course. My computer doesn't tell me what the entrance fee is. The address is The Plugh, Green End, Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is it. Thank you so much for your help.|You are very welcome! Enjoy your visit!
Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.|I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after 21:00.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive.|TR8533 will leave Cambridge at 21:50. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.|The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?|Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.
I would like the expensive choice please. I need their information.|express by holiday inn cambridge	is a expensive hotel in the east with a 2 star, would you like their adress
Does it have internet and free parking?|Yes, it does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, I just need their postcode, please.|Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'd like to know of interesting places to go situated in the centre of cambridge.|There's a ton of options in the centre.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to find an Indian food restaurant|Are you sure you're interested in a restaurant? I know you mentioned earlier you're looking for an attraction. Could you give me more specifics about what attraction you're searching for?
You're right, we should an attraction first.  I'm pretty open to anything as long as its located in the centre.|Well, I have 44 great thoughts at hand, from beautiful architecture to museums and boating. Let's narrow down your interests- what's your attraction budget?
I don't have one. how about you pick your favorite attraction and give me the entrance fee, type and phone number.|I really like old schools. It is in the centre and has a phone number of 01223332320
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should include free wifi.
The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4.|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
I really need a hotel and not a guest house are there any in the area?|How does the cambridge belfry sound? It's in the west part of town and you'd have access to free parking, too.
Sure, can I just get their phone number?|Sure, the number is 01954714600.
Thank you. I don't need anything else from you today. Bye, have a good one!|Thank you! Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to stay|There are are lots of options. Is there a particular side of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west.|Hobsons House is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
Are they 4 star rated by chance?|I am sorry I have no listings for any with 4 stars.
That's okay. Can you look for one that is expensive?|the huntingdon marriot hotel is great!
Sounds good. Can you book for Wednesday for 1 person, 4 nights?|The booking was successful, your reference number is N7L47L69.
I also need a restaurant that serves venetian food, in the expensive range.|I'm sorry, I can't find any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine perhaps?
OK, then please try Italian restaurants.|I have the caffee uno located in the centre.
Great! I would like a reservation for Wednesday.|Certainly, at what time?  And how many will be in your party?
The same group of people discussed at 18:15 the same day.|Table for 1 at Caffe Uno is confirmed for Wednesday at 18:15. They will hold your table until 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is A3L9KQ34.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to the restaurant. Just please make sure I get their in time for my reservation|In order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and the arrival location.
I will be leaving the restaurant.|Please to book a taxi I need departure location, arival location and travel time. Please provide that information.
Yes, I will be leaving from the hotel. I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15 on Wednesday.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Volvo and their contact number is 07236170295.
Thank you so much for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some creative food.|I don't have any creative restaurants in that area. maybe another cuisine?
What about Italian food?|We have many Italian restaurants! If price is no issue, I recommend Caffe Uno.
That is great. I need to make a booking for one.|I can do that. What day and time would you like the booking?
book a table for 1 people at 11:15 on tuesday with reference number please and thank you|Your reservation is booked. Your reference number is 4UROSY5A.
Thanks for handling the restaurant booking. I also need a cheap place to stay near the restaurant.|If a guesthouse is okay, Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star cheap hotel in the center part of town near the restaurant. Will that work?
That sounds great! Can I get the phone number and postcode too?|The phone number is 01223525725 and the postcode is cb12de
Great, Thank you so much for all your help.|You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I needed. Thanks again! Goodbye!|Have a wonderful trip.
I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to stay.|I can help. We have 18 moderately priced hotels. Do you have any additional preferences?
I prefer the south part of town if you have anything.|I have 2 Guesthouses available for what you need.  Do you want information on one of them?
Yes, please. Do either have free wifi?|Both of the guesthouses have free wifi and free parking. I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House due to it being 4 stars.
Great! Can you book that for me?|Yes, tell me what day are you arriving, how long is your stay, and for how many people?
There wilI be 4 of us arriving on Saturday, and staying for 3 nights.|Wonderful. Your room has been booked for 3 nights. Your reference number is HH78SJFP. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not that is it thanks.|Thank you if you need any more help please let us know.
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.|I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book.
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.|Both the Gonville and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.|I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.|Ok, have a great day!
What are some nice, expensive restaurants in the center of town?|The Bedouin, Kymmoy & Midsummer House Restaurants match your desired criteria, would you like me to book you a table?
I would like a table for 1 at 18:15 on Tuesday at the Bedouin, please. And may I have the reference number when it's booked?|Your table is booked and is reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I9AKFZC5. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a hotel with free wi-fi.|Okay there are many to choose from. Do you have a preference for the area you stay in?
How about near the restaurant?|Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre which is close to the hotel. Would you like me to book you a reservation here?
Is that one expensive? I would like an expensive, 4-star hotel.|No that is a cheap hotel but is rated 4 stars. How about the university arms hotel, its is 4 stars and expensive.
Sounds great! Please book a 4 night stay for 1 person on tuesday.|Okay, I've booked you for one person at University Arms, starting on Tuesday, for 4 days. Your reference number is HSVG3GT9.
Yes I also need to book a taxi to take us between the hotel and the restaurant. I will need the car type and a contact number for the booking.|I can do that, when would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to get the taxi to get me there by 18:15 please|I was able to book a black ford phone number is 07618987553
Thank you for your help.|I'm happy to have assisted you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No.  Thank you, you have been very helpful.|I am happy to help
Thank you good bye.|Goodbye and take care! We hope to see you again.
I am looking for a place to stay on my upcoming visit.  I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.|Can you tell what area you will be staying in?
I am looking for a moderate priced 3 star hotel with free parking and free WiFi.|I have found one in the south, the north and the west.  Do you have a preference?  They are all very comparable.
Get me one in the West place|The Hobsons House meets your criteria. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can you reserve a room for me.  There are 7 of us and we want to stay for 4 nights arriving on Sunday.|Your reservation has been confirmed for 7 people staying 4 nights at the Hobsons House. Your reference number is KPO3GJ93. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i am also looking for museums to visit in the centre of town.|There are lots to choose from in the centre.  Are you interested in art, archaelogy, antiques or history?
How about an art museum?|The Cambridge Art Museum is very popular and has no entrance fee.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Do you have their phone number and how much is the entrance fee?|cambridge contemporary art has free entrance. Their phone number is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks so much for your assistance, you've been very helpful.|Great, have a terrific stay!
I'm looking for an economy hotel in the west.|There is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel in the cheap price range. Which would you prefer?
I would like a hotel that offers free parking.|The Cambridge Belfry meets that criteria. Would like to me to help you book a reservation?
Yes, I've got a group of six and we want to stay for three nights starting on Friday.|Ok, booking you three nights for 6 people starting Friday.
Thank you, I will just need a reference number for the booking.|The Cambridge Butterfly is not open then, shall I try another?
Yes please find another hotel in the same price range for me.|I have you booked into the Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is C12WFP62. Is there anything else I can do for your today?
No, thank you. That's all I need.|Thank you. Don't hesitate to call again and enjoy your stay.
Thank you and have a great day.|You have a good day too
Need a place to dine, chinese near centre.|I have 10 places. Would you like a certain price range?
I prefer something cheap.|There are three options, charlie chan, rice house and golden house.  Can I book you for one of those?
Lets go with charlie chan, I would like to to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful, the reference number is B1FIKA09.
I am also looking for a place to stay at a 4 star hotel near the restaurant.|There are two located in the same area. alexander bed and breakfast	and university arms hotel?
Are either option cheap?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap, would you like to book it?
Yes, for 5 nights on the same day. I also need the reference number. Thanks!|I was able to book a room for 5 people, 5 nights. Your reference # is 5DD52JOS. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help.|Okay, have a great day!
Hi, I am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room.  Can you recommend one for me?|Yes, what area would you like to stay in?
Don't care. but I'd like a place that's Moderately priced and offers free WiFi.|There is the Acorn guesthouse in the moderate price range and 4  stars. It also has free wifi and parking.
Great, let's book that one. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.|How many people would you like it booked for and for what days please?
5 people starting on Sunday.|How many days do you plan on staying?
5 nights, please.|It's booked and your reference number is LFE8G8CE. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I also need a train that leavers after 12:00 going to ely.|Where will you be departing from?
East London. Thanks|There is no train leaving 12:00, but train TR5484 leave 13:50 do you want to adjust your time?
Sure. Please book five tickets for me and reply with the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BUBQRD4R.
That is all I need, good bye.|Enjoy your visit.  Please give us a call if you need further assistance.
Can you tell me some info on the Avalon hotel?|The Avalon is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free internet. Would you like to book there?
Yes can you book it for 5 people on Saturday? We need rooms for 4 nights.|That one is not open, shall I try a shorter stay?
I guess we could shorten it; can you try 2 nights instead?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZWN28J72. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys|its in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. should i book for you a room?
Yes, the five of us would like to eat at 17:45 before we check in to the hotel.|I'm sorry, but I cannot get you in at that time.  Is there another day or time slot that would work for you?
Book it for 30 min earlier. I need the reference number.|Oh! I got you the table for your original time at 17:45. Your reference number is 6MIRFIR2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.|For what times.
I need a taxi so that it arrives by the time of my reservation at the restaurant.|Your taxi has been booked to  take you from Avalon to Frankie and Benny's at 17:45. Your taxi will be a black tesla and the contact bumber is 07715682347.
That sounds great. Thank you very much.|Will you need any thing else now?
No thank you that will be all for me, goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you find me a place to say in the centre that includes free wifi?|I can recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?|I have the Cityroomz hotel which is in the moderate range with internet and no parking.  Would you like to book this hotel?
Yes please I need a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|That on is not open then, shall I try another?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?|How about the el shaddai, they have free internet and free parking?
That will be fine.|Great news! Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is PL4JEQ9A.
Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome. Please enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much. I will.|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
I am looking for an upscale hotel.|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range.
I need the hotel to be in the west part of the city and have free parking please.|The Huntington Marriott Hotel is the only expensive hotel in the west.
If it has free parking, I would like to book it for wednesday please.|How many days and how many people?
Can I get it for three nights. There will be two of us.|I cannot reserve a room at that time, perhaps another hotel?
Yes something else in the same price range please.|There is only 1 hotel in the area of west that is expensive. Would you like me search a different area?
Any area is fine, just in the same price range is what matters to me.|Okay. I booked you into the Gonville Hotel in the city center and your reference number is TSJA02XZ.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you. That was all I needed.|Thank you using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and enjoy your stay in our city!
I'm looking for something to do.|Found a place you might be interested in visiting The Cambridge University Botanic Garden
that is great. please get for me the entrance fee, address, and phone number.|The entrance fee is 4 pounds, the address is on Bateman street, and the phone number is 01223336265.
I need a place to stay too. Could you give me information on the alpha-milton guest house?|It is in the moderate price range with no internet or parking. Phone is 01223311625. Would you like a room booked?
Yes could you please book me there for 4 nights for 8 people starting Saturday? I will need a booking reference number as ell.|Ok your booking was successful. The reference number is T8E1KFUW. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need today. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure helping you today. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I want to find out about expensive restaurants in the centre.|There are 33. What kind of cuisine would you like?
Expensive and in the cetre of town and I need you to book it for 6 at 20:00 on Wednesday|The price range is not cuisine. What kind of food do you like?
I do not care about the kind of food. Surprise me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : F6AK4P82.
Get me a hotel in the same area with the same price range for 5 staying for 2 nights, with a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time|How does the gonville hotel sound to you?
Great. I'd love to book it.|Your booking was successful, and the reference number is TCGX5CE3. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Give me contact number and car type too.|Taxi from Kymmoy to gonville hotel 
Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07290822722
That is all, thank you so much for your help!|You are welcome, have a great day.
Thanks you too. Goodbye.|Enjoy your time in Cambridge, goodbye
I'm looking for a place to stay that offers free wifi|Most of the hotels and guesthouses have free wifi. Is there a particular part of town that you're interested in?
I don't care what part of town it's in, but I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, and I'd like it to be moderately priced.|I am not showing anything would you like me to check in a different price range?
Are you sure you can't find any hotels moderately priced with free parking and free wifi anywhere?|Unfortunately there are no hotels or guest houses that meet those criteria. Would you like to try a different price range?
I just need a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.|I cannot find anything in a moderate price, but I found a cheap hotel for you. It's The Cambridge Belfry in the west. It has 4 stars. Is this alright?
Yes, I'll need the address and I will also need a train from Cambridge to Norwich on Monday, leaving after 20:15|That address is Back Lane, Cambourne.  The TR8636 departs Cambridge at 20:36, would you like to book a seat on that one?
How long is the trip, and what time does it arrive in Norwich?|the trip is 79 minutes long and it will arrive by 21:55.
Thank you for all your help. That is all the information I need.|Glad to be of help. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I am looking for concert halls.|The Man on the Moon is a fantastic concerthall located in the centre at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. I don't have an entrance fee available, but you could call 01223474144.
Great thank you for that information about it.|Excellent, can I help you with anything else today?
I also need information on arbury lodge guesthouse|It is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get the postcode of it?|Certainly. The post code is cb42je and their phone number is 01223364319. What else can I help you with?
That will be it, and thank you for helping me.|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.
Hello I need to go to Cambridge and will be leaving on Saturday from Norwich, can you tell me what my train options are?|There are many options. Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
Yes, I would like to depart any time after 20:15.|There is a train departing Norwich at 21:16 on Saturday. Would this be ok?
Yes.  Can you give me the train ID and the travel time?|The train ID is TR3267 and the travel time is 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like to purchase tickets?
I would also like to book a 4 star Guesthouse|Okay I have found several options. Is there a particular area you want to stay in?
Yes, I'd like something in the north, and in the moderate price range, please.|Acorn Guest House is a really nice 4 star place.  Free internet and parking too.  Can I get you more information?
I need to book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|I was able to book your stay at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is SW8AC8GH.
Thank you! That's all I needed.|Great. If you think of anything else feel free to ask any time.
Could you give me information on a hotel called alpha-milton guest house?|The Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderately priced and is in the north area.
Can I book 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday?|I apologize, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Should I look for another hotel?
Yes, please find me another one that's available on Thursday.|How about the Acorn guest house? It is available on Thursday.
Sure. That sounds fine. Can you give me the reference number once you book that?|The reference number is 5F7YBB5M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you for your time.|You.re welcome Goodbye
can you find me a guest house that has free wifi in this town?|There are 23 guesthouses in town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
How about one that has a 4 star rating and is expensive?|Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet you needs. There are 2 hotels if you are interested.
What about something in the moderate price range, instead?|Yes I have many choices in that category. Would you like me to suggest something?
book a hotel for 8 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Please clarify if you want a guesthouse or a hotel. There are no hotels that match your needs but there are 11 guesthouses that do.
I want a guesthouse.|Would you like me to book you for avalon?
Yes, please book for 8 people for 3 nights, starting from Saturday.|You're all set to arrive on Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5D3TISUX.
great, thanks. i'm also looking for places to go in town.|Ok.  There are many great things to do in town.  Did you have something particular in mind?
I would like a place that is fun and serves drinks.|Sure! Would you rather a nightclub type of environment or more of a park or entertainment venue?
Actually, is there a swimming pool around?|which part of town should it be?
it should be in the south|I'm sorry, but there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
what options are available|There are swimming pools in the east, north and centre of town. The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, theatre and parks. Have a preference?
I would prefer the south please.|What type of attraction in the south? There are 8 results ranging from cinema, museums, nightclubs, parks.  Which would interest you?
If there are no swimming pools in the south, then I would consider a cinema in the south of town.|Cineworld Cinema is in the south. Would you like additional information?
Yes, may I please have their address and phone number.|Yes, their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way and their phone number is 00872208000.
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:45. Please provide the contact number and car type.|What is your destination, and when do you want to arrive by?
I'll be going from the hotel to the cinema. I need to leave by 22:45.|I booked a grey skoda for you, contact number is 07059639997!
Thank you so much. That is all that I need at this time. Goodbye!|Thank you. Have a nice day.
Hello, can you recommend a cheap hotel with free parking, please?|Yes, I have found the Cambridge Belfry that is in the west part of town.  Can I book this hotel for you?
Do they have free wifi as well as parking?|Yes, it has free internet and parking.
Is this a guesthouse?|No, it's a hotel. Would you like to book your stay?
You know, the part of town doesn't so much matter, I'd really like to find a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.|the cambridge belfry is in the cheap prise range would you like a booking?
Yes please.|Great. How many people in your party, and what day will you be arriving?
There will be 8 of us for 2 nights starting saturday|I am having an issue booking your hotel room for you.
How about switching it to 8 people for 1 night?|I'm sorry that doesn't seem to be available. Would you like me to double check for a guesthouse?
Yes please try again.|Okay I was able to book you. Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 91SNR681.
Are there any fun places to go ?|Lots of exciting things include 13 in the west area, and type of place in mind?
I'm thinking a museum.|Can I recommend the cafe jello gallery.
That sounds fun! Could you tell me the phone number, area, and entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?|Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223312112, and the area is the west.
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. in the west|I can recommend a nice 4-star hotel for you, the Huntingdon Marriott.  Would you like to know more about it?
yes, please. I need a guesthouse that has free parking.|How about hobsons house?
Sure, what is the post code?|The postcode for hobsons house is cb39lh.  Do you want a reservation?
No that was all I wanted to know. Thanks!|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|It is located in the north at  63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?|What ever day you want.
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.|Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.|I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.|When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?
Hello, can you recommend a 4-star hotel with free parking, please?|There are 19 four-star hotels with free parking in Cambridge. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.|Kirkwood is a wonderful hotel in the north, would you like a reservation.
Not at this time. Thank you.|Okay thank you for calling.
I am though looking for places to go in the north as well.|Milton Country Park is beautiful this time of year. Or perhaps Riverboat Georgina? They are both in the north.
Milton Country Park sounds nice, can I get their phone number and entrance fee?|Their phone number is 01223420060 and the admission is free.
Thanks for the recommendations. The last thing is I need a taxi between the hotel and Milton Country Park. Can you help?|Sure thing. When would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 14:15|I booked you a grey volvo. Call them at 07307595781 if anything comes up. What else do you need today?
I actually am all set now! Thanks for being so helpful! Bye now!|I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
I will be traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions.|Great!  There are many wonderful tourist attractions in Cambridge.  Is there a particular type of attraction you are looking for?
I would like to visit a museum.  What do you suggest?|There are 23 museums. Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Not in particular. Please recommend one and provide the area and entrance free.|The Byard Art museum is free and is in the South.
Thanks! I would also like to find an expensive hotel.|I have 5 hotels that meet those specifications. Do you have a area in town in mind?
The area is flexible. But I am looking for something with a 3-star rating that offers free wifi.|Gonville Hotel is a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi. It is located in the centre area. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I need rooms for 7 people for three nights starting Thursday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is S56D4VON. Can I assist you further today?
I'd like a taxi please. It should pick me up at 15:30 from The Byard Art and drop me off at the hotel.|A blue Lexus will come to pick you up. Their number is 07670314554. What else do you need?
Thats it, thanks so much!|Glad to be of service.
Hello! What can you tell me about the Shiraz restaurant?|Well it's in the expensive price range, they serve mediterranean food and it's located in the centre. Would you like the address and phone number as well?
Sounds good! I'd like to book a table for four at 14:00 on Monday.|There are no reservations available at that time. would you like to adjust this?
Could you change the time to 13:00.|I was able to successfully book that for 13:00 on Monday. Your reference number is TXIPL225. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I am also looking to find the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.|Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 82 Arbury Road.  Do you need me to book a room for you?
Yes. Can you book for 4 people for 2 nights starting on monday?|The booking was successful. The Reference number is  8Q18SIDO. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need, thank you very much!|Your welcome. Please contact us again if we can help you with anything.
Hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after 15:45 on a Monday? Thanks.|I sure can. Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and heading for Bishops Stortford.|TR2530 leaves at 17:29, should i book it for you?
How much is a ticket and how long is the train ride?|The ticket costs 10.10 pounds and the ride takes 38 minutes. Do you want me to book the train for you?
What time does the train arrive in Bishops Stortford?  I also am looking for a place to stay that is 3 stars and in the moderate range.|The train would arrive at 18:07.  Do you have a preferred area for the hotel to be located in?
No, but I would like a guest house with free parking.|We have many guesthouses, is there an area you'd prefer?
I am actually looking for something in the moderate price range with a 3-star rating.|The bridge guest house matches that criteria and is located in the south.
Alright, can I get the phone number?|The phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, you've been very helpful.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on sunday.|Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be traveling from Norwich, and I'd really like to arrive in Cambridge by 14:00 so I can be on time for my appointment.|There is a 12:16 that will arrive at 13:35.  There are also earlier trains if you want to arrive earlier.
That train would be find I need to get the train ID and price please.|The train ID is TR5225 and the price is 14.08 pounds per ticket. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|The apha-milton guesthouse is in the moderate price range. It does not have internet. would you like me to book a room
yes and I need a confirmation number|How many nights will you be staying, and for how many people?
3 nights for 2 people,can you book it for me ?|Certainly if you supply me with your arrival day.
Tuesday of next week in the pm|Booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : 58PX1M08.  Is there anything you would like help with today?
No, that's all today. thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi! I need a place to stay in the centre of town.|I have 3 hotels and 2 guest houses in that area. What is your price range going to be?
Expensive price range would be just fine.|University Arms Hotel is in the centre and the price range is expensive. Would you like to book a room or get more information?
Before I book can I confirm that it includes free wifi and free parking?|Yes, it does include free wifi and parking.  Would you like me to book that now?
Yes, please book for me now.|what day would you like to leave, how many days
Howdy, I'm looking for a British restaurant for breakfast.|There are several British restaurants available. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
Moderate price range please.|Five restaurants match your criteria. Four are in Centre area and one is in the West. Which area would you prefer?
I would like the Center of town please.|How about The Copper Kettle?
Is it in the expensive price range? If so, could you book me a table for 3 people at 19:30 for Wednesday?|considering that, i have 3 options in the expensive range if that's what you prefer.
Yes, please select one that meets my other criteria and has an expensive price range.|What other criteria?
I need a place to eat. British, expensive in the Centre.|I'd recommend the fitzbillies restaurant on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 3 people at 19:30 on wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZL5U9Q4Q. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in please.|What area of town would you like to stay?
I'd like a place in the west with free parking.|Do you have a star rating you prefer?  If not, I would suggest Hobsons House with a 3 star rating.  Nice place.
Hobsons House sounds good. Can you give me the phone number?|hobsons house's phone number is 01223304906. Is there anything further I can do for you today?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, please.|What time do you want to leave at?
No specific departure time, but I would like to arrive by 19:30 please.|You are all set! You will be picked up in a blue tesla and their contact number is 07857104689. Is there anything else you need?
No that's is. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|You're very welcome! Have a great day, and let us know if there's anything you need in the future.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free wifi to stay at?|There are over 20 results. Can we narrow it down by choosing a price range or area you'd like to stay in?
Any area would be okay. I would like for the guest house to have a 4 star rating.|If price doesn't matter I recommend acorn guest house it's moderately priced in the north and has free parking and internet. Would you like to book that one?
ok. book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VWCR071O. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a Moroccan restaurant please!|I'm sorry, but I can't locate any Moroccan restaurants. Is there another type of restaurant that you would like?
No. That's the type of food I wanted.|We have lots of different types of cuisine at the restaurants around town. Can I help you find another that you might like to try?
how about an expensive indian restaurant in the east?|There are two Indian restaurants in the east that meet your needs. May I recommend Pipasha Restaurant on Newmarket Road? The chef has created an incredible menu.
Sounds great. Can i have their address and phone please|Certainly. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786.
That's everything I needed, thank you for your help!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking.|What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the north.|Worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the North. Will that do?
Yes. Is there on in the moderate price range as well? To compare.|Sure thing! There are seven 4 star moderately priced guesthouses in the north. maybe you would like to book on of these
Can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? There will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on Thursday and spend 3 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : RI83HXK1. do you need information about the hotel?
No, but I need to find a train. I'm looking to travel on Friday to London Liverpool Street. Can you help?|No thanks a lot it is enough
i'm looking for adc theatre|You will want to go to the centre part of Cambridge, it is on park street, postal code cb58as.  Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for information on the adc theatre.  Can you get some information for me, including the attraction type?|ADC Theatre is a theatre in the center part of town. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need information about the Gonville Hotel, please.|it is an expensive hotel in the centre with free wifi and parking. do you need their contact?
Well, I'd like to book a room for 5 people, beginning on Friday for 5 days. Can you help me with that?|Of course! I just booked the room for you for 5 days beginning on Friday. The reference number is 7WB751AK.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you very much, I think that that will be all!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!  Have a great rest of your day!
I'm looking for a museum in the centre of town.|I will recommend Primavera museum. Their entrance fee  is free and you can reach them on 01223357708
What is their address?|The address is 10 King S Parade. do you need directions?
Just the postcode would help and I also will need a place to stay.|The postcode is cb21s.  Where in town were you looking to stay?
I would like to stay in the centre are there any expensive hotels?|University Arms Hotel, 4 star rating located on Regent Street. Phone number is 01223351241. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I just wanted to get that information.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Does that hotel have free parking?|Yes it does. Do you need anything else?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes they do!
Thanks for the help. That's all I need for now.|Excellent. Enjoy your trip!
I need to find out if there's a train going to stansted airport that leaves after 12:30.|We have a train leaving on Friday by 12:40 from Cambridge to Stansted airpot but we need to know your departure point and date of departure to serve you better
Yes I will be leaving on Tuesday.|When would you like to arrive by?
Tuesday would be ideal for me.|The best fit for you from the search list is the 12:40 train leaving cambridge on Tuesday to arrive stansted airport by 13:03.
That works, may I please have the reference number?|Actually, it will arrive by 13:08. Does that work for you?
Yes. I need it for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 2QS7T2UC. Do you need anything else?
Great I also need to stay at the University Arms Hotel|Okay I can help with that! What day would you like to check in and how long will you be staying?
I need to take a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, it would need to be after 10.|Okay. What day will you be traveling?
On Friday after 10.|The TR1502 leaves friday at 11:00.
Yes, that will be great. How much does a ticket cost?|A ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Can you also give me the travel time?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
Thanks! Can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star guesthouses in the north area of town?|What you are looking for can not be found. Is there any other area you would mind searching in?
No I want to stay in that area.  What other hotel accomadations are in the area?|Avalon is a moderate priced 4 star guesthouse in the north part of town. It has free internent. Would you like more information or can I book it for you?
Can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Monday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1VF2W9YC.
Thank you! That is all.|You're welcome. Call back if you need further bookings or assistance.
Hey there, I'm craving Chinese food. Where in the centre can I find some?|Do you have a price range I can narrow it down with?
Yes moderate would work best for me.|Jinling noodle bar looks like a good choice, would you like to try that?
yes please with phone number|Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced chinese place in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223566188. Do you need a reservation?
No, I can make one myself later.  Can you help me find a place to stay in the same area as the restaurant?|We have several options in the center of town. The best is the University Arms, which is 4 stars and expensive.
I would like it have rating of 0 stars.|It looks like there is a guesthouse and a hotel that meet your criteria.  Do you have a preference?
A Hotel That is a 0 star rating,would you like a booking|There is one named Cityroomz in the centra area.  It's moderately priced.  Does that sound good?
Yeah, that'll work. What's the address?|it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road, anything else for you today?
Give me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave the hotel at 19:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car toyota: red tesla
Contact number: 07625387380 Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have taken care of everything for me.  Thanks for being so helpful.  Bye.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the east.|I have several available. What days would you like to stay?
I don't need to book it. I need a 3 star in the east.|I do not have any hotels in the east with a 3 star. Would you like to try something else?
Can you find something in the south?|We have the bridge guest house which is moderately priced and the lensfield hotel which is expensive, would you like me to book you for either one?
Either one is fine. I want it for 6 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|Ok I was able to book your party at Bridge Guest House.  Your reference code is ZUFSD1J5.  Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Thank you. Yes, I think I'll be traveling by train wednesday as well. Are there any trains leaving ely on that day?|Sure, Are you traveling to cambridge? What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
Yes the  train should go to cambridge and should leave after 18:30.|I recommend train TR0328.  It departs at 19:35 and will get you there by 19:52.  Want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. What's the total travel time for that train, though?|It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I believe that's it. Thanks so much for your help!|Safe travels and if you need anything else, please contact us.
I need a hotel with free parking, thanks!|The gonville hotel includes free parking and is in the center. Would you like to make a booking?
Does it have a 4 star rating?|no it only has 3 stars, would you like me to find you something else?
Yes, I want to stay somewhere nice, 4 stars.|huntingdon marriott hotel is a nice place and is a 4 star hotel.Would you like me to book it for you ?
Good morning, I need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the expensive price range.  Can you please tell me what is available?|I have 5 hotels that fit those qualifications, do you want to stay in a specific part of town, or is there a star rating you're looking for?
I would like the hotel to be in the north please.|I do not have any expensive hotels in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
Okay, well, how about mid-price range then?|The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. 7 people, Monday, for 3 nights.|The booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another time?
Yes, please book rooms for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Monday.|Archway house is available. It is a moderately priced guest house in the north with wifi. Your reference number is TBHIHEJT. Would that work for you?
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel on the south side?|There is one hotel in the south called The Lensfield Hotel.  It is expensive, has 3 stars, and free internet and parking.  Can I help you book a reservation?
I'm looking for a guesthouse.  Is it a guesthouse?|No, it is not a guesthouse. I have found 3 options that are guesthouses.  Do you prefer a 3 or 4 star?
Stars dont matter. Can please book this for 5 people, 3 nights starting Friday.|Okay, I've set you up at bridge guest house. Your reference number is SU0WE1LI.
Great.  I'm also looking for a train from cambridge going to peterborough.  Can you help with that?|I have several options. What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Monday and arrive by 15:45, please.|There are several trains that would get you there in time, are you wanting to leave in the morning, or the afternoon?
I would like to leave in the afternoon.|I don't have any leaving in the afternoon. How about the morning?
I want to arrive as clsoe to 15:45 as possible on monday. I need the travel time and the price please?|Of course - sorry, our automated "afternoon" constraint is buggy. I think TR7786 is most suitable, leaving Cambridge on Monday at 14:34 and arriving in Peterborough at 15:24. Would that work?
Can you let me know what the trip duration is for that train, please, and how much it costs? Oh, almost forgot. Does the Bridge Guest House include free parking?|The duration is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a nice day, thank you for contacting us.
Find me a train to kings lynn that arrives by 20:15.|The TR3112 arrives at 05:58.  Will that work?
Is it on Saturday?|I'd suggest TR7604, it departs at 19:11 on saturday and arrives by 19:58. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I definitely would. Can I please have the confirmation number as well?|How many people will be traveling?
No, that's ok. No need to book it, but can you tell me the price of the ticket?|The price per ticket on the TR7604 is 7.84 pounds.  Can I assist you further today?
I want to book a room at the el shaddai for 4 people 4 nights starting tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9DOLSR1S. anything else today?
Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on Kingfisher Way near the Hinchinbrook Business Park. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes for one guest, for  nights starting with Tuesday.|I'm sorry, but I'm not sure how many nights you want to stay. Did you mean to say four nights?
No sorry I meant 2 nights.|Ok I've booked that for you with reference number SDMC5SZK.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum near the centre.|There are several, may I suggest Castle Galleries. And there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can you give me the phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223307402. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like a taxi from the hotel to the museum. I want to leave the hotel by  19:00. Book it please and give me the contact number and car type|A grey skoda will pick you up at the hotel by 19:00 to take you to the Castle Galleries. Your contact number is 07375156908. Will there be anything else today?
:
07375156908
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Of course, are you looking for a hotel or attraction to visit?
Neither. I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge that's leaving Saturday after 08:30.|The TR8070 train leaves Leicester for Cambridge on Saturday at 09:09. This is the most appropriate choice for your needs. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I was needing the train ID but you already gave that to me. Thanks so much.|If there's nothing else I can do for you, have a great stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with four stars.|We have several 4 star guesthouses.  What side of town are you looking to stay in?  Any budget in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced place please.|We have 11 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars.  What area do you want to stay in?
If you could recommend any one of them that would be great. I need the postcode, phone number and the area the hotel is in please.|Sure, I can do that.  Did you want to narrow it to a specific area of town?
Area of town doesn't matter.|I have quite a few, when were you planning your stay?
The same time.|a and b guest house would meet this criteria. It is located in the east. The phone number is 01223315702. The post code is cb12dp. Will that be all?
Yes, that's everything. Thanks for your help!|Thanks for using our service!
I would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range.|You have a preference for the location? I have two expensive hotels in the center of town.
I do not have a preference in location.|I have five places. What more may I help you with about them?
Are any of them three stars and including wifi?|Yes there are two options would you like the info?
Can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from saturday?|I recommend the gonville hotel in the centre and will be more than happy to make you a reservation there
Can you please make the reservation?|I  have booked your reservation, the reference number is XYGXD4I0. Is there anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum in the centre of town. Any recommendations?|Sure. The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a really good one and it is located in the center of town.
That sounds perfect! Could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Of course the number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su.
Thank you, I also need a taxi. I want to leave gonville hotel by 19:45 and go to the cambridge contemporary art museum.|A Black Volkswagen has been successfully booked and scheduled to pick you up at the gonville hotel by 19:45 and take you to the cambridge contemporary art museum
Can I get a contact number for the taxi?|The contact number is 07161683700.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need thank you for your time.|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
Hi, I need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range.|I have 17 hotels in the moderate range that offer internet access. Do you have a particular part of town you wish to stay in?
I prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 4-star rated.|I have 3 hotels listed that have of your requirements. Do you have any parking needs?
Yes I am looking for free parking.|carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and is moderately priced. Can I book a reservation for you?
No thanks, I am not quite ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for the information.|Alright, can I get anything else?
No, that's all I need. I'm going to give the hotel a call. Thank you for your help!|Excellent. Have a good one!
I am looking to try a local restaurant that serves modern European cuisine and has a moderate price range|There is restaurant almentum that serves modern european food in the south part of town.
Book a table for 1 person at 17:30 on Saturday. Give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5U78RXDV.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north|Okay I have many choices for you. Could we narrow it down by price and star rating? Will you be looking for parking and wifi amenities/
I don't care about wifi but I definitely need free parking.|Acorn guest house has parking. Would you like me to book that?
I so excited to see some of your great attractions! Can you suggest a college in the centre? Also I need a train schedule from airport to Cambridge on Saturday.|Let's start with your college request. We have 13 in the centre of town. Wht features are you interested? Maybe, we can narrow your search.
If you could recommend one that would be great! Can you send me the address, entrance fee, and phone number?|Sure, were you looking for a free one or one with an entrance fee?
Thank you, I'm looking for one with an entrance fee.|Corpus Cristi charges 2 pounds,do you want their phone number ?
Yes and their address please.|The address is King's Parade and the phone number is 01223338000.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with free parking?|Sure, I have one possible option here. It is hobsons house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book for 4 people, from sunday, for 2 nights. And tell me the refernce number|Booking was successful, the reference number is RBKY459T., any further questions today?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to the Hobson's House.|Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from Corpus Cristi by 04:45 to go to Hobson's house.  I will need to know the contact number and car type please.|Your contact number is 07902709327 and the car type is a black Toyota. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. I would prefer to stay in the North at a 3 Star location.|I show 2 option, both in the moderate price range. Do you need parking or internet?
Neither of those matter, but I would like it to be a guesthouse.  Do one of those match?|Alpha-Milton Guest House is 3 stars with no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room there?
I'd like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting Monday. I need the reference number as well.|Fantastic, your reference number is T2AUGQ7S. Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge on Monday.|Where did you want to get on the train?
I will be departing from peterborough.|Okay, there are lots of choices. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to get there by 20:45.|TR7940 will get you there by 20:38, would you like me to book it you some tickets?
No, I don't need assistance with the booking. Can you tell me the cost of the ticket though?|The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I assist you with anything more?
No, that's everything. Thank you.|You're welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I need to take a train to Bishops Stortford on Thursday.|I can definitely help you with that.  Do you have a particular time of day you want to depart?
My schedule is somewhat flexible but I need to arrive by 14:00.|The TR2929 can get you there by 12:07, it departs at 11:29, can I book you for tickets?
Yes I would like a booking for 5 people.|Okay, the booking was successful. The total cost is 50.5 GBP and it can be paid at the station. The reference number is OOGHNZGW.
Thank you.  I also need information on the Gonville Hotel.  Can you look at that for me?|Yes, of course. What would you like to know?
i need to book that hotel for four nights.|Ok, I am getting the info up now, how many people, and what will be the first night?
The hotel will also be for 5 people starting sunday|You're hotel reservations have been made.  Your reference number is HKBN4ZXY.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that was all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a train for Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling? This was I can narrow my search to better assist you.
Cambridge and I would like to leave Tuesday|Does it matter what time you leave or arrive?
I want it to arrive by 10:45.|Train TR2164 leaves at 8:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 10:44. Would you like me to book you seat?
Yes please book 5 seats.|Ok I have for you 5 seats on TR2164. The total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3SKORQ4K. Anything else I can assist with?
Yes I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the north.|I have 9 locations that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference regarding price range of star ratings?
Yes, I prefer a guesthouse between a three and four star rating.|I have 7 guesthouses that are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. 6 are moderately priced and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Any of those will be fine. Please send the reference number and location.|Okay, how long would you like to stay?
I'd like to check in on Friday for 4 nights. Book it for 5 people.|I was able to successfully book you at the asbury lodge guesthouse.  The reference number is 6LQ4AF7B., can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you so much.|Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay.|What price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I would like a cheap 3 star hotel with free parking.|I don't have anything matching that criteria. Anything else I could help you with?
How about in the expensive price range?|Yes, I have a couple options for you. One in the centre and one in the south.
Do they have internet?|Gonville Hotel is a nice place and has internet, would you like m e to book it for you?
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse on the westside to stay.|I am sorry I have no guest houses in the west. Can I look one up in another area for you?
Are there any other places like that that also have free parking in that area?|I have found one that is cheap with 4 stars, and one that is moderately priced with 3 stars? Do either of those sound appealing to you?
The cheap one with the better rating sounds appealing.|Great! That's Finches Bed and Breakfast. It's located at 144 Thornton Road cb30nd. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book it for Friday,thank you.|Can you please tell me how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
Yes, 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.|Worth House in the North is 4 stars and cheap. Would you like to try it?
The amount of stars do not matter as long as it is in the same price range Does Worth House in the North  include free parking?|Okay well I was able to book you at The Worth House and your reference number is 86XVFEUY.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You are welcome. Also for your reference the Worth House does have free parking. May I help you with anything else?
No thanks. Thanks again for your help.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.|I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the cheap price range|There are 9 cheap guesthouses in Cambridge.  To help narrow it down, is there a part of town you prefer?
Not really. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse, though, is that possible?|There are seven that fit. Might I suggest the alexander bed and breakfast?
I think I have heard of that.  Can you just get me an address?|Absolutely! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to book your stay?
No. I do need some options for Entertainment sort of attractions. In the centre of town.|I have many ideas such as architecture, museums, theaters etc. Do you have a preference?
Museums or theaters, thank you.|I recommend the Broughton House Gallery. Would you like more information?
Actually, what colleges do you recommend?|Downing College looks nice, do you need to know anything else?
Could you give me the phone number and address for Downing College please?|The phone number is 01223334860. The address is regent street, post code cb21dq. May I help with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 4.|how about huntingdon marriott hotel? i hear it's lovely.
Is that a guesthouse?|No it is a hotel, would you like a reservation?
No, I really need a guesthouse. How about if we search for a cheap one instead?|Nothing is available, should I try a search for less than 4 stars?
look for a cheap one.|There are 7 in that price range is there an area you prefer?
No can you recommend one and book for wednesday?|I've booked Rosa's bed and breakfast for 1 night, it's cheap located at 53 roseford road, 4 stars with internet and parking. Reference number HJP6P9IK. Will you need anything else today?
Yes please, I need the address and phone number for sidney sussex college please.|Yes their address is Saint Johns Street and their telephone number is 01223338800.
That is all I need to know. Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with ?
As mentioned before I am all set, have a great day and goodbye.|Thank you good bye.
I am looking for colleges in town.  Any suggestions?|What area of town would you like to be in?
I have no preference.|I have several. Are there any other criteria you are needing it to fit into?
None, what you recommend, I will go with.|christs college is a nice attraction,do you want the phone number ?
Yes, may I also know the area it is located in and the postcode?|Christ's College is in the centre of town.  The postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you any further?
I also want to find an expensive 3 star lodging, with free wifi and in the type of hotel.|Ok.  There are two hotel that meet that criteria.  One is in the centre and one is in the south.  Do you have a preference?
It doesn't matter, I'd just for sure like free wifi and a 3 star rating. I'll just need the phone number.|The Gonville Hotel is in the centre and meets your criteria.  The phone number is 01223366611.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you find the A & B Guesthouse?|The A and B Guest House is located in the east part of the city. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Monday.|Ok, I have made a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting Monday at A and B guest house.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of swimming pool.|I'm sorry, there isn't a swimmingpool on the westside. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about somewhere else I can swim in town?|There are four options available. Two in the north, one in the east, and one in centre. Which would you like more information about?
No thanks. How about entertainment in the west?|whale of a time is an entertainent spot in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill
The title sells itself, can I get the entrance fee please?|Unfortunately, the venue hasn't provided information on their entrance fee. Would you like me to check another venue?
Yes, and please provide an entrance fee.|There is no entrance fees listed for this type of entertainment.  Whale of a Time has a phone number you could call for the fee?  01954781018
Well, I'm also looking for info on a hotel I heard about. It's called limehouse.|Yes Limehouse is located in the north. The address is 78-80 milton road.
What type of hotel is it and do they have free parking and internet? I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 10:15. Contact and car type please.|It is a guesthouse with free parking and internet. Where is your destination?
I would like to go from the Lime house to the swimming pool.|Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please also give me its contact number and the car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey honda
Contact number	:	07844769694
thanks that's all i need|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I need to take a train to Norwich on Tuesday, can you please tell me what's available?|We have 19 trains that meet that criteria, where will you be departing from?
cambridge and should leave after 14:45|Train TR6524 would work for you. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes please book TR6524 on tuesday leaving at 14:45 going to norwich from cambridge.   Please confirm departure time.  Thank you.|Will you only need 1 ticket?  The train will leave Cambridge at 15:36.
I just need the train travel time , please.|the travel time is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Yes please, I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.  The area doesn't matter.|I found a result for A and B Guest House in east that has internet. Would you like more info?
Yes, I'm celebrating a special occasion, so money is no object. Is A and B an expensive, 4-star guesthouse?|A and B guesthouse is moderately priced. Could you like an expensive guesthouse instead?
yes i am rich I need expensive|I don't have a expensive guesthouse.
how about a hotel type instead?|There are a few available. I highly suggest the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 5 people, for 4 nights starting on friday.|Booking was successful the Reference number is : ECPE3KUV. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks.|Great. I'm glad I could be of help.
Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling.
Hello, I am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.|I can help you with that.  Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, I would like to eat Chinese food.|Oh I have some great options for you. I have a total of 4 restaurants, how about trying th Ugly Duckling?
Yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 14:15 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 076ZN8YF
I need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.|I found 33 hotels that match that criteria. Is there a particular side of town you prefer so I can make a recommendation?
It doesn't matter.  I would like 4 stars and fee wifi though.|The huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
That sounds great! Does it have free parking and free wifi?|Yes it has both, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need rooms for 8 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TBICSA49.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 14:15. Please provide the car type and contact number|I will be happy to book that for you. Where is your destination?
I need it to go between the hotel and restaurant, please.|I need to know where you are going?
TO THE RESTAURANT! JUST BOOK IT< YOU HAVE ALL OF MY INFO! thank you|Your taxi booking has been completed! The car type is a red Audi,
Contact number 07964587638. Can I assist with anything else?
No, that is it for now.  Thank you so much.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.|I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?|we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.|I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I do need a place to stay, so are there any 4 star hotels available?|I have 2 options - one is cheap and one is expensive. Which price range would you prefer?
cheap will work. can you book it for Wednesday? 1 person, 2 nights. I'll need the reference number too.|I was able to book a room at Alexander bed and breakfast, your reference number is VWF48IZM. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart Cambridge after 14:15 and arrive in Norwich on friday.|TR8314 departs Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
YES PLEASE. FOR 1 PERSON.|1 ticket on TR8314 has been booked. Your total is 17.6 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : H0JS8RMF.
Thanks, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?|I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.|I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, actually. I need to book a train from Standsted to Cambridge. It has to be for Tuesday and definitely after 09:30|Great! And when would you like to arrive by?
I would like one that leaves after 9:30.|There are many options available. Did you want to arrive at a certain time?
I would like to leave after 9:30.|There are 14 that meets your criteria. Could you give me a departing time, to narrow it down?
I do not have a further preference.|Train TR8846 meets your criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : EOJC45ES. Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help, goodbye!|Have a great night.
I have a hotel in mind that I need some help to book.|Okay, can you provide the name of the hotel please?
I would like to book the Aylesbray Lodge guest house, for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Friday|I have you booked for 3 nights starting on Friday.  The reference number is  8FLXFYYW.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a  want restaurant called la raza and book a table for 1 at 16:45 and I need a reference number|What day do you want to reserve for?
I would like it for the same day.|You are all set, the reference number is DK9Z8HY4, can I help with anything else?
Thank you, but no. That is everything. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for an attraction in the category of college in the center of town|Ok, there are 13 to choose from. Some have entrance fees.
I would prefer a college in town centre. I'll need the phone and address also.|Sure thing, Downing college is located at regent street and phone is 01223334860 anything else I can assist with?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the centre.|What price range you would like?
Moderate range please.|I have the cityroomz hotel in the center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
yes book for 4 people and 5 nights from sunday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7RA903FR. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be it thank you for your help.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|If you need to contact the police you can phone them at 01223358966. Or, is there some specific information I can help you with?
We need to find a guesthouse in the north for our stay.|I have both cheaply and moderately priced guesthouses to choose from. Do you have a preference?
must have free wi fi|There's quite a few. I personally like the acorn guest house. It's 4 stars with internet access. It's located at 154 chesterton road.
Great, Can you please book me for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday?|I have booked you for 2 people for 5 nights at acorn guest house. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888. Will there be anything else?
I also need a train.|I need a departure are and destination please
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.|We have many...architecture, colleges, museums, theaters. Any type in particular you would like to find?
There is no particular one that I have in mind. Can you give me the information for one? I would like postcode and to know what kind of attraction it is.|Yes, there are several, but I particularly enjoy the Castle Galleries Museum.  The postcode is cb23bj.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the moderate price range|There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I would like for it to be in the centre area as well. It doesn't have to have free parking.|I'm sorry there are no guesthouses that match your request. Would you like to change your price range to expensive or cheap instead?
How about a moderately priced hotel in the area?|The cityroomz hotel is moderately priced and in centre. Would you like to book a room here?
Yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting Sunday. May I have a reference number?|Sure, you're booked at Cityroomz with reference number 58U5UC51. May I help with anything else?
Yes, could i get a contact number and vehicle type?|If you need to book a taxi, please let me know your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I do need a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave Castle Galleries Museum by 9:30.|the car type is a blue tesla and 07103379311 is the contact number
Perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for all of your help!|Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your Cambridge adventures.  Please let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future.
Thank you, bye bye now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I was told about a great place to eat called the copper kettle.|They are located in the centre of town. Would you like a reservation?
What kind of food do they serve?|They serve British food.
Yes, I would like a reservation for 4, please. I would also like a place to stay.|Alright, but first, for that reservation, what time and day would you like?
Oh, sorry. 17:15 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BZIAV28X.  Tell me about your hotel requirements.
it should be a 2 star in the south and should be the type of  a hotel.|I am sorry but I am not finding anything that matches your request.  How about a different ratinge or area?
how about a star of 3, then?|OK, I have one hotel located in the south, the lensfield hotel, and it is a 3 star. It's expensive, is that ok?
No I need something cheap really do|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different location?
no. then find me a taxi|Where and when do you want to be picked up?
I need to be picked up at 17:00 from Ely.|I'm happy to help you with that. I just need to know your destination and I can book that for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. I have my restaurant reservation, but I still need to find a  2-star hotel in the south.|Okay, let's start with the hotel. As I'm looking, I don't see a 2-star hotel in the south. Would another rating suit your needs?
If there isn't a 2 star hotel, a 3 star hotel will do.|What about the Ashley hotel?
That would be great. Can you get me the postcode for the hotel, please?|sure thing it is cb41er, anything else today?
Can I please book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant?|sure thing a blue bmw will be picking you up and the contact number is 07240838121, anything else today?
no I think that just about covers it, thanks|Thank you for your call. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse on the west side of town and falls in the cheap price range. Are you interested in booking a room there?
Yes I am, I need a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation. Would you like to try for another arrival date or a shorter stay?
Is there anything open for just 1 night?|Sure.  Your reference number is ZELLMALY.
Great, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|We're always happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.|I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet?  I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.|That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.  I'd like 4 stars though.|Ok what about the allenbell? It's priced cheap.
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?|The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from Cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?
I will be departing on thursday in the afternoon and heading to Ely.|OKay would you like me to book this for you?
I'm sorry, I am actually leaving on Wednesday and going to London Liverpool Street.|TR1549 leaves Wednesday at 17:50 arriving in Ely at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the travel time and price?|Travel time is 17 minutes and it's 4.40 pounds. Do you need anything else?
What is the price of the train?|The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with that booking.
Hi there. I'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.|We have several cheap htels and guesthouses available. Do you have a particular location in mind?
Not really. It does need to be a hotel and parking isn't really an issue with us.|I have one in the cheap range, shall I book it?
Does it have a star of 0. That is very important to me?|Unfortunately, it's 4 stars.  Would you like to try a different hotel type?
What about one that is in the moderate price range?|I found 3 hotels, do you have a preference for the area of centre or north?
No area preference. Any of them are fine. Can you book one for me starting Thursday?|Yes, of course. For how many nights and how many people?
There will be three people and we need it for 3 nights. Can I get the reference number for that once it is booked?|I've booked you at the Ashley Hotel, and your reference number is 9ZKDNRMV.
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 20.15.get contact number and car type|Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I'm sorry I did not mention I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the South of town.|I can help you find something!  How about Nusha or Tenpin?  They are in the south and are entertainment facilities.
What type of entertainment are they?  Can you give me phone numbers, please?|They are parks. Phone number for Nusha is 01223902158 and for Tenpin is 08715501010.
I'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and I'd like to leave the hotel by 20:15 if possible.|I'm sorry, which park would you like to go to?
I think Tenpin should work nicely, thanks.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Lexus. If you need to reach them, please contact 07275581182. Anything else I can help with?
Wonderful! Nope, that's it. Thanks so much for all of your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day in Cambridge!
I am looking for a chinese restaurant.|Okay. Any other criteria?
I actually don't want a restaurant. I need a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.  Can you help me?|Is there a certain time you need to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 15:45.|TR1931 will arrive by 11:44
What is the reference number?|I'll be able to give you a reference number once we've booked. Did you want me to book this train for you?
Yes. please book me 2 tickets.|You are good to go. Your reference number is 9S9SF2VH and it will cost 120.16 GBP at the station.
Thank you. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the west and it should be moderate in price.|I can suggest the allenbell.
That sounds great! I'd like a reservation for 5 nights please.|Certainly, how many people will be staying?
2 people starting on tuesday. please find me the reference number|I'm sorry, Allenbell was not in the west.  Hobsons House meets your needs and I have booked you a room. Reference number is : CTYSXIVU.
Okay. That should do it. Thanks for your help with everything.|You are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I'm craving some spicy food so find me an Indian restaurant on the East end please|The Curry Prince might fit the bill. Would you like reservations?
no not right now thanks|Okay. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, is the Curry Prince in the moderate price range? If so, I'll need to make a reservation.|For how many, and day and time?
8 people at 12:15 on Friday, please.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4YZLGJJL. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I need to book a room too a guesthouse that doesn't have internet but free parking|Would you like the guesthouse on the east side of town as well?
That would be fine.|There are 4 different options. 3 of the guesthouse are cheap and the oter 2 are moderate priced. Is there one you'd prefer?
You can decide please.  I need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting Friday please.  I'm looking forward to this!|Ok, the booking was successful for the allenbell guesthouse. 517a coldham lane, cb13js, phone:01223210353. The reference number is : WFFLJRT2.
Okay, thank you!|Anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|OKay let us know if you need anything else.
I do actually need a taxi between the two places.  I need to get to the restaurant for my booked reservation.|I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a white Volvo. If you need to reach them, please call 07601547949.
that is it for now thanks|Thanks for calling, and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Good day, I need help getting a train from London Liverpool street going all the way to Cambridge, can you help me?|Sure thing there are 70 trains making that trip, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to travel on Wednesday and arrive by 10:15. Can you help?|There are 3 trains available. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, as long as it arrives by 10:15.|TR8813 departs london liverpool street at 7:39 and arrives in cambridge at 9:07. I can book tickets for you, if you like.
That will be great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south part of town. Do you have any recommendations?|Certainly, we have 3 guesthouse aylesbray lodge guest house, bridge guest house, rosa's bed and breakfast or the lensfield hotel. Which would you like?
I need something in the cheap price range.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast fits that, would you like to book a room there?
Does the hotel offer free wifi?|Yes, Rosa's does offer free wifi.
Great, I think that will work. I need a room for myself for five days, starting Wed.|Sadly I was unable to book you for that time period. Is there another day you'd like to check in, or possibly you could stay for a shorter time period?
Would you be able to book the stay for four nights instead? Can i also get the reference number?|Booking was successful for 4 nights at rosa's bed and breakfast . Your reference number is : 1G56HJK3.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Norwich on friday.|Of course what day would you like travel?
I'm looking for a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, I'm hoping to leave by 12:00.|TR8662 runs norwich to cambridge and leaves at 11:16 that day. Should I book it for you?
could I have the price please?|The price of the TR8662 is 17.60 pounds per ticket. Is there anything more I can help you with today?
I would like to find a lovely hotel to stay in cambridge that has free wifi, so I can watch netflix. Can you help me with that as well?|We have lots of accommodations that include free wifi. What type of place would you like to stay in, and what area of the city do you prefer?
I'd like a 4 star hotel but it doesn't matter which area it's in.|I'm showing 3 different ones.  One is located in the centre & the other 2 are west.  Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Oh I'm sorry, I forgot I need to know what time my train will arrive in Cambridge.  Can you please help me with that first?|The TR8662 train arrives in Cambridge at 12:35. Do you want me to book a hotel now?
Yes, I'll need a hotel for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|The booking at huntingdon marriott hotel was successful. Your reference number is 5ZCWD20P.
Thank you. That will be all.|Welcome. have a nice day.
I need a hotel with free wifi. I'm broke, though, so find me a 0-star hole in the wall.|There are three 0 star hotels, both city centre north b and b, and el shaddai are cheap, and cityroomz is moderate. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guest house if any 0 stars are available.|We have 2 of those. Would you like a guesthouse in the north or centre?
I would like a guesthouse in the north please. Can you check if it has free parking?|Our cheap zero star guesthouse in the north has both free wifi and free parking.  Would you like to book?
Not right now. Thank you. I am also looking for a train that leaves on Monday and arrives by 1830.|Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
Leaving Cambridge and headed to Stevenage, please.|I have a 15:21 or a 17:21 train, arriving 49 minutes later at 16:10 or 18:10, respectively. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. The 17:21 would be perfect. Please book it for 4 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is YSJ6ZWYT. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Can you give me some information on the Alpha Milton guesthouse?|I'd be happy to. They are one of our newest guesthouses in the north. They are moderately priced and are 3 star rated. They do not offer free wifi or parking.
book for 1 person 2 nights from tuesday|Your Reference number is : ZNDCQG9R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, thank you!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for some information about a particular restaurant. The name of it is Dojo Noodle Bar.|Dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre	 and serves cheap asian oriental food
Sounds good. Can you book me a table for 6 on Monday at 11:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3NI94BB3. Anything else?
Yes, I'll need a place to sleep off all that food. Do you have anything that's cheap but also has a 4-star rating?|I can help you with that.  To start, were you looking for a place in the Centre near the restaurant or did you want a different area of town?
I would prefer a guesthouse.  Is there one close to the restaurant?|There's the Alexander bed and breakfast. Would you like more info on that?
It depends. I'm looking for a hotel with free parking and internet. If those amenities are available I would like more information including the postcode and area, please.|The alexander bed and breakfast has both internet and parking.  The address is 56 saint barnabas road, cb12de.  Sound good?
The does sound good.  Can you tell me the rating on this place, too?|Sure. They have a 4-star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes. I would like you to book me a room. Thanks.|Yes, how many days will you want to stay?
just two nights please|Ok, how many people will be staying? And what day would you like to check in?
I'll be checking in on Monday.|How many people will be staying?
I'm the only one staying in the guesthouse.|I'm sorry but it looks like the booking is unsuccessful. Do you have any alternate preferences?
That is actually fine, I won't be able to stay there after all.  You have been a great help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the north, what kind of options can you give me?|There are 2 guesthouses available. One is 0 stars and the other is 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
I would like the one with the 4-star rating please. Does it include free wifi by chance?|Worth house has a 4 star rating and wifi yes.
Please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 4AU76U6Y.
Thanks, can also get me information on a train departing from Bishops Stortford and arriving by 08:30.|I have 5 train options leaving from Bishops Stortford from Cambridge that arrive before 08:30. Would you prefer to travel on Saturday, Monday, or Friday?
I need that train on Monday please.|Train TR0532 fits your criteria. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Could you give me a departure time and travel time for that train?|TR0532 departs at 07:29 and arrives by 08:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time.  Thanks for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that settles everything! Thank you.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Do you think you might be able to recommend a nice guesthouse?|I sure can! First of all, is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Something cheap, but 4 star quality.|How about the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane that is the cheap price range?
Does it include free wifi?|Yes it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, not right now. Could you tell me what area that's in, and the postcode and phone number?|It's on the east side of town. The postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353.
Thank you for your help! That's all I will need for today.|Thank you for contacting the help desk, have a great day.
Yes, I am looking for local hotels. I would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the expensive side.|Gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel are both expensive in the 3 star range.
I also need free wifi.|Yes both have free wifi. Can I check booking for either of these?
Yes.  Please book the gonville hotel for 8 people and 4 nights starting on Monday.|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.|I have the Lensfield Hotel, but it is on the south side. Would that do?
Yes, can you book it for me?|You have been booked for 8 people for 4 days starting Monday at the Lensfield. Your confirmation number is C0YCW45C. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Alright, glad I could help.
I'm looking for a place to go in Cambridge.  Are there any good museums nearby?|I'm not showing any museums in that area.  Can I lookup another area for you?
what other places are there to go|Actually there are several museums available.  What part of town would you like- North, South, East, West, or Centre?
I will take the North part of town please. And can you give me the phone number for the museum there?|Sorry, I did not find a musuem in the north part of town. Want me to try another part?
Yes, I don't really need any specific area. Can you go ahead and find a museum in another part of town?|I think you may like Cambridge Artworks in the east.  It is located on 5 greens road.
Perfect. Can I get a phone number to Cambridge Artworks?|Yes, their phone number is 01223902168.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay. I would like a 3 star guesthouse with wifi and don't really care about parking.|There are several 3 star hotels. what area would you like it
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.|What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.|Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.|There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
Just check moderate price range then please!|We have the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you want, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes just for me. For four nights please|What day would you like you stay to start?
I would like my reservations to start on sunday.|Done! Your reference number is WTJER271. Can I help you with anything else?
i also want a train to take me to ely|On what day do you need to go to Ely?
Thursday, please. I need to leave from Cambridge.|Ok! There are 10 trains; do you have a time preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 20:15.|TR7355 arrives in ely by 18:07, or there is also one that arrives by 20:07.  Would you like to book a ticket for one of these?
Yes please. I need one ticket.|Your ticket has been booked. Your reference number is 561MGK3J. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a train that leaving Cambridge for Ely.|What day and time would you like to arrive in ely?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 13:15.|There are several options available that could suit you.  The arrival times are anywhere from 06:07 to 12:07.  What time do you want to leave?
I'd like the reference number please.|I'm sorry, I can not give a reference number until we book you a seat.  There is a train departing at 07:50 , would you like to book that now?
Can I get one ticket on the train that arrives at 12:07?|Not a problem. Do you need the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number, please. I am also looking for a guesthouse as well.|a and b guest house located at 124 tension road phone number 01223315702 and is located in the east side.
Is it 4 stars and is there wifi?|It is four starts and it does have wifi.
Great! Can I get the address, please?|The address is 124 tenison road postcode cb12dp
Also, does it have free parking?|no it does not have free parking
I need one with free parking.|I'm sorry, your train reference number is THUZ22RM. Acorn guest house in the north has wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Thanks for the train info. May I have the address for the  Acorn guest house, please?|Yes, it's located at 154 chesterton road. May I help with something else?
No thank you.  Now that I have the info, I can take it from here.|If that is all, have a good trip. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?|There are a total of 33 guesthouses and hotels in Cambridge. What is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me, but I'm looking for something in the east part of town.|There are seven hotels that are in the east part of town.  Do you need parking?
I don't need parking.|I would recommend the A and B Guest House.
Please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from Monday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : GQ8MEF1L
Thank you. I am also looking for museums to visit on the west side of town.|I have 7 museums in that area. Some have entrance fees and others are free. Do you have a preference?
No, not really, thanks. Anything is fine.|The Cafe Jello Gallery meets your criteria. Would you like their information?
Sure, please tell me the address, phone number, and postcode.|The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af and the phone number is 01223312112.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I need to find out about guesthouses in the north part of the city.|I can help with that.  What price range were you looking for?
As long as it is 4 star, I'm not really worried about the price.|There are about 8 different ones. Most of them offer both free parking and wifi. I can recommend one if you like.
I would like free wifi. Could you find me rooms at one, four nights for 2 people, beginning Saturday?|Reference number is : DPFNET0I. is there anything else I could help with ?
Yes, I'm also looking for a North African restaurant.|I don't have a North African restaurant right now, is there another cuisine that appeals to you?
no i cant change the type of food|Is there anything else I can help you with at this time?
are there any expensive restaurants? in the same area as the hotel?|What kind of cuisine do you want?
I'm fine with anything as long as it's expensive and near the hotel area.|There are 5 results for expensive restaurants in the north, would you like to make a reservation? The choices are Chinese, European, French or Asian oriental.
Let's do chinese food, please.|How about The Hotpot chinese restaurant?  It meets all of your criteria.
Sounds great. Could I please book a table for the same group of people at 19:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 05JKM1ZF.
Thank you. Goodbye|Thanks for using our services, enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 18:00 on wednesday?|Can you please give me your departure and destination, please?
I want to leave after 18:00 to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|I have one departing at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
How much is the price per ticket?|17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.|Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the north side with four stars, please.|There are 7! Do you need internet and parking?
No but it needs to be a guesthouse.|I have five places. Shall I book you one?
Please, for 7 people, 4 nights.  The same day as my train.  What was the travel time on that train again?|I have booked you at Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is MMSZTKRS. Your train trip is 60 minutes long, but you've not booked. Would you like to do that now?
Thank you, that is all the information I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 16:15 on tuesday.|I have a train that laeves at 17:21. Will that do?
there is none that leaves earlier? how much will that one cost me?|There is no earlier train. The price is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thank you. Could you help me find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at?|I have 2 guesthouses in the center. They're both cheap, but the 4-star Alexander B&B is by far the better choice. Would you like to book a room?
I need one in the expensive price range that includes free parking.|I'm sorry we don't have an expensive guesthouse in the centre area. Would you like to try some different criteria?
Ok, well do you mind trying to see if there is a hotel that matches my other requests.|I recommend University Arms motel. I meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like it for Thursday for 7 people, 5 nights.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is : VH6MRHBA.  What else can I help you with today?
Thanks, that's all. Goodbye|Thank you for using our service today!
I don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the la tasca restaurant?|Happy to help -  la tasca is a Spanish restaurant with a moderate price point located in the centre.
Great! will you please book that for 2 people at 17:30 on Sunday?|Alright, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: AO0MS4Q3.
thank you for helping|You're most welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the north. Preferably in the guesthouse category|Acorn guest house is available, would you like to stay there?
Does that include wifi? I don't want it to be too expensive.|It does include wifi. It is moderately priced.
I would like to book the Acorn for 2 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VDQW6MG8.  What else can I do to assist you today?
I also need a taxi from my room to the restaurants by the time of my reservation.|Booking is complete.  I have you booked with a black Audi.  Contact number 07873880008.  It will pick you up at 17:15.  Is there anything?
No that was everything, thank you!|OK, it was a pleasure helping you.  Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.|I found a variety of choices. Let's narrow down the selection. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Definitely the south part of town, thanks.|Aylesbray lodge guest house is available, would you like to try them?
Are there any hotels with free parking, or just guesthouses?|There are three guest houses and a hotel. Do you have a preference for price range or number of stars?
Anything you recommend will work fine. Can I have the phone number of the one you pick?|I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. You can reach them at 0122355017. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.|On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 8:00.|I have train TR8335 that will arrive in London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also need the travel time and the departure time please.|Train TR8335  departs Cambridge at 07:00. The duration of the trip is 51 minutes.
Thank you.   You have satisfied all of my requests.|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and need a place to stay with free parking.|I have many different options available. Let me ask, do you have a certain price range or area in mind?
I have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the north part of town.|That narrows it down to about 9 different options. Most offer both free parking wifi. If you would like my personal recommendation, I would say go with the Hamilton Lodge.
Excellent. Can I book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 152UJWIK. anything else today?
Yes, I need to find a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|Thanks i will find you one.Thanks a lot
I need to find a asian restaurant in Cambridge|Are you looking for one in a certain area?
I don't have any in mind as long as they serve Asian food.|What price range would you prefer?
Actually, I do not need a restaurant for now, I am look for a boat type place to go to in town.|There are several to choose from. There are Camboats in the east, the Riverboat Georgina in the north, and two places for punting in the centre. Do any of those appeal?
I suppose the Riverboat Georgina.|The Riverboat Georgina is found in the North Area. , their phone number is 01223902091. Anything else you need to know?
Thank you.  I am also looking to book a hotel called Hobsons House for 1 person starting Thursday, please.|Sure no problem. How many nights from Thursday would you like to book?
2 nights please and could I get a reference number?|Your stay at hobsons house is booked. Your reference number is BZLBF1DZ.
Thank you so much. That's all for now.|Glad I could help. Let us know if you need anything else.
Hi, I am looking for an attraction in Cambridge called nusha.|Absolutely! Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south of town, located in Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road, postcode cb17dy. Would you like their phone number as well?
Great, that's good to know it's int he south part of town.|May I help you with anything else?
A hotel would be nice.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse? What part of town do you want to stay in?
I would like an expensive guesthouse with free wifi please.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses with free wifi. Would you like to try a different search?
Can you just find me a moderately priced hotel?|Certainly! The A and B Guest House is a moderately-priced hotel. Would you like to stay there?
Yes, for 7 people and 4 nights.|Okay, and what day do you wish to check in?
We'll check in on Tuesday, please.|Great! Your booking was successful I have you checked in and your booking reference number is YRRJG3QC.
Could I now book a taxi to leave the Nusha's at 24:45 and take me back to the A and B guest House?|Certainly, I have booked your taxi. A black bmw will be picking you up, their contact number is 07151716312.  Can I help with anything else?
Perfect, thank you!|Have a great day.
I hope you have a great day as well!|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
Hello Cambridge Towninfo Center representative. I desire a place to stay that 5 stars, cheap and includes free wifi. Can you help?|I'm sorry but I'm not finding anything that matches your criteria. Can I help with something else?
How about changing that to a 4 star rating?|That we have! Do you have a preference on the area?
No preferences on the area, but I want to book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|How does the Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre sound?
Sounds great! Could you book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting Wednesday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 34P1OHBR. Do you need any other help today?
That is it, thank you for your help.  Goodbye|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great - how can I help you?
I am looking for a moderately price place to stay while i'm there.|Do you have an area you prefer?
I would like to be in the west.|hobsons house meets your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good.  I need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights, starting wednesday.|your booking was successful.
Reference number is : 32C66ISH.
Hi I'm looking to stay at a place with a 3 star rating that has free parking|Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel.|Gonville Hotel is in the centre with three stars and free parking. Would that suit you?
Yes that would be just fine.|Ok   I will book it for you
There are 8 of us, staying 5 nights, beginning on saturday.|Very good, I'll go ahead and try to make that booking for you.
I'll will need the reference number please.|thank you the reference number is AH91827RT45C welcome
i'm  looking for places to go in town|There are many fun attractions to go to around town and most are free. Is there a particular type of attraction you are interested in?
What's the best place to go on the east side of town?|I'm a big fan of the Funky Fun House, which is an entertainment venue.
Okay what is the entrance fee?|I don't have that information available. Their phone number is 01223304705 if you'd like to call. Can I help with anything else?
I need a really cheap hotel with a 4 star rating|The Cambridge Belfry will fit your needs. Would you like for me to book a room for you?
yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is I5ZE4AQV.
That's great, thanks!  That's all I needed!|You're welcome.  Have a good day.
All the help I needed. Bye, thanks.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Is it true Cambridge has the best attractions?  We are looking for something unusual to do in the centre.|There is teh museum of archeology and anthropology in the centre that is free of charge
That's perfect. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes can you help me find a place to eat too?|I'd be happy to help with your request, what area and what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like chinese.|I'm afraid our restaurant system is currently down.  Can I help you with something else at this time?
i would like to go site seeing|Other than the museum previously mentioned, I also suggest checking out the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street.
Ok, I think we've already established the attraction in the town centre. The next thing I need is a HOTEL in the centre that includes free parking.|The bold letters tells me no interest in a guesthouse huh?  I ran a search there are two hotels, gonville and university arms.  Any preference?
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 1 person, 3 nights.|Booking was successful.  Reference number is W0P1SD78.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am visiting the centre area and need to find an attraction to visit.|There are 44 in the centre of town.  Could we narrow it down to architecture, college, museum, or theater?
What is one of your favorites? I would need the phone number and type of attraction.|I actually prefer the cambridge university botanic gardens. They're classed as a park, and their number is 01223336265.
Thanks! I'm also looking for somewhere to stay while I'm in town.|Sure. Do you have any other criteria?
Yes, it needs to be in the same area as the attraction, cheap price range, free wifi but doesnt need to have free parking. Do you have anything like that?|We have alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai, both are guesthouses any preference?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast sounds nice. Can you make a reservation for two for Saturday?|Definitely.  Did you just want that for one day?
I actually need it for 3 nights|Your reservation for 2 people at the alexander bed and breakfast this saturday for 4 nights was successful. Your  Reference number is : Q0IABNP7.
Thank you so much that was all I needed.|Great!  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo center.  Have a great trip!
Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?|yes there are 21 of them. which food type do you prefer?
I was really hoping to try some austrian food.|I'm sorry, I didn't get any matches for that.
Okay, how about some European food?|What about the hotel du vin and bistro at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street?
Great Can I have their phone number and postcode please?|01223227330	cb21qa, is there something else i could help you with?
I also need a place to stay in the same price range.|What area would you like it to be in?
I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|cityroomz is a 0 star hotel located in the city centre. It doesnt have free parking but does have free wifi. The phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much that was all I needed.|Great thank you so much for using our system today?
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?|There are 6 places to choose from. Is there a certain price range or area of town you want to be in?
In the west, please. It should be a hotel type, please.|We don't seem to have a guesthouse that has everything you want. There is a hotel that has the other things. Would you like that?
Can you tell me a little about that hotel please?|It is a guesthouse, not a hotel sorry. The pricerange is moderate. It has 3 stars, free wifi, and parking. Would you like to book it?
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting on monday.|Reference number is : SEMSYF2T. Is there anything else?
I also need a train from Peterborough.|What is your destination, and what day do you wish to travel?
I am looking to leave at 13:15 from peterborough.|Okay, I will still be needing your destination and day of travel
Oh, sorry need to go to Cambridge and will be traveling on Monday.|There are 22 matching entries. Do you want me to book a train for you?
No can you just tell me the arrival time of the first train that departs after 13:15?|The first arrival time is 14:09.
Okay that's great.  Thank you very much.|Would you like me to reserve that for you?
No thanks, I'm all set with everything.  Thank you for your help.|Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Okay goodbye you can end the conversation|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I need place to stay in Cambridge.  Want it cheap with 4 stars.|I found 2 different 4 star hotels in that are cheaper than the others. Would you like to reserve that room for you?
What are the names of the 2 hotels?|Allenbell and the Alexander bed and breakfast are the cheapest.
I need one in the east area. Is one of them in the east.|Allenbell is in the East area. can I get you a booking there?
What type of hotel is it, and do they have free parking?|Allenbell is a guesthouse with free parking. Would you like me to check availability for a certain day of the week?
No, if you could get me the postcode for Allenbell that would be great.|The post code is cb13js
Cool. Do you happen to know anything about the Soul Tree nightclub?|Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre area. Would you like the phone number or address?
I need the postcode and address.|The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!|Thank you for your interest in Cambridge, we look forward to seeing you here!
Hey, any good Chinese places on the southside?|There are three chinese places in the South, two are expensive and one is cheap. Is there a particular price you want or would you like a reccomendation?
I'd like one of the expensive ones. Which is your favorite?|The Peking Restaurant is a great option, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that'd be great. Please make a reservation for 5 people for Monday at 17:45.|No problem, I will book it for you now.
Can I get the refrence number?|OK, your table is booked. Reference number is FHZMUKMO. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you.|I hope you enjoy your time.
Oh, you know, I need a guesthouse in the same area of town.  I need it for 4 nights starting on Monday for 5 people.|Okay, I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
Ok I will book it for you|Actually I will handle the booking on my end.  Would you like me to proceed per your request?
Yes, please. After booking, will you please send me the reference number?|Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is D1X8g7QX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!|You are so welcome, have a nice trip
Find me places to stay in town that include free parking and free wifi.|We have many option, did you need a certain side of town or price?
I would really like a guesthouse in the east please.|Carolina Bed and Breakfast offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book this guesthouse for you?
Yes please I will be there for three night. Can I get a confirmation number?|I can book that for you.  At the present I cannot give a confirmation number.  Their phone number is 01223247015.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a place to stay in the west part of the town? Some place with free wifi please.|Sure, do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
It doesnt' matter.  I don't care about parking either.|I am showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Which would you prefer?
Pick one of the two hotels for us please.|The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel on the west side in the cheap price range.
Sounds good.  Let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2T7NK2CG
Thank you. I need to find an Indian restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as my hotel.|There are five options to choose from. I can recommend the restaurant cocum to you if you'd like
That sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:45 on friday? And tell me my reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : U6M1IEOW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to get us between both places, and I need it to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation.|Your all set! A blue lexus will be picking you up and the contact number is 07598275631, anything else today?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!|You arr welcome, have a great night.
I'm looking for a moderately priced Turkish restaurant.|Sure, there are two. I recommend the Anatolia. Would you like a reservation?
is it located in the centre?|Why, yes it is in the center. I can book you a reservation if you like.
Yes can you book it for 3 people Thursday at 20:00?|I can help you with that. I was able to get you a table for 3 at 20:00 on Thursday. The restaurant will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. O'm also looking for a place to stay, moderately priced.|There are three to choose from; The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I need one that includes free wifi and is in the centre.|There is one option. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel.
Can you book it for me?|I definitely can.  For how many people and how many nights?
Actually I just need to know how many stars they hotel has and the postcode.|It is a 0 star hotel.
And what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you book a taxi to pick me up from cityroomz and take me to Anatolia, arriving by 20:00? Give me car type and contact info|Sure can, the booking has been completed! The car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant.|Again that has been booked  your car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Okay. Well, if you should need further assistance, don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you and goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive guesthouse to stay in during my trip to Cambridge.|Unfortunately there is nothing that matches your criteria. Would you like to try a hotel or different price range instead?
Are you sure there are no expensive guesthouses in the whole town?|Yes I am certain.  Would you like to try another price range?
How about the moderate price range?|Certainly, there are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you require internet or parking?
Free parking would be great please.|12 of those places offer free parking, any other preferences?
Is there a guesthouse that Is close to the South ?|There are 2. One is 4 stars and the other is 3.  Do you have a preference?
Could I have the 4 star please|I would recommend alyesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
I would rather stay at a hotel if that's okay.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel in the west with free parking.  Does that fit your needs?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for the alysebray lodge guest house?|Sure. Their postcode is cb17sr. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I am looking for someplace to tour in town in the south involving architecture.|Unfortunately, we don't have any architecture attractions in southern Cambridge. Would you like me to search other areas of Cambridge for architectural attractions?
Okay, I'd like to find an entertainment place in the south.|I have Nusha and Tenpin that are entertainment venues in the south. Which one interests you?
I will pick option two! Thank you very much for the help and have a great day!|Was that all you needed today?
Actually, can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number of Tenpin?|Sure, the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, number is 08715501010, and their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anthing else you need?
No that's everything, thanks. Goodnight!|Okay fantastic, have a good one.
Can you find me a guesthouse with a 4 star rating?|I have a number of guesthouses available, do you have a location preference?
Not really, but I do need free parking in expensive range|I'm sorry, but we don't have anything that meets your requests. Would you like to change what you're looking for?  Maybe I could help you with something else?
what about the one with a cheap range?|I have seven cheap 4 star guesthouses with free parking in the cheap range. One in the center, three in the east and one each in the north, south and west.
Can you recommend one? I need a reservation for tuesday|alexander bed and breakfast would suit your needs. How many people will be staying and for how many days?
i want to book it for 1 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Reference number is : BL0Z1OXC. Anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find a chinese restaurant in the centre.|What's your price range? I recommend the Ugly Duckling, but it's expensive. Charlie Chan is a good, cheap place, and Lan Hong House is in the middle, price-wise.
Let's go with the cheap place. It will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at 14:15.|Booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DJAKWB3Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, I'm gonna need. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service today?
Actually, I will need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Ok, your taxi will be a red lexus. Its contact number is 07558129121. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you again for using our service, enjoy your stay!
i will be in Cambridge  and i am looking for a boat|Great! I can help you with that. We have boats located in the east, north, and centre area. Which area you prefer?
How about in the north?|Okay, the Riverboat Georgina is located in the north on cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Post code is cb43ax and phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks for the info! I also need a place to stay in the centre of town. I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.|We have a three star and a four-star hotel. Did you have a preference?
I do not care it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.|I found a hotel that fits your need. Would you like for me to book a room?
No, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? Do you have any hotels that have 0 stars and are in the moderate cost range?|I have found 1 hotel that meets your needs. It is Cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I would just like the number and postcode for Cityroomz.|Okay, the phone is 01223304050 and postcode is cb12tz
Okay, that's all I need. Thanks, bye|Have a wonderful time.
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel on the west side.|I was able to find three results for what you are looking for, may I recommended finches bed and breakfast?
Great do they have free wifi?|They have free wifi and free parking! They're a guesthouse, not a hotel, though - is that OK?
Yes, sounds good. I'd like to book for 6 people for 5 nights from Thursday.|I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or length of time?
Would you be able to get it for 1 night and also get me a reference number|Yes I was able to book a room there for one night. Reference number is PL0P458J.
Great! Thanks for your help with booking that.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks.|Thank you for contacting, Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi! I'm looking for a train to Norwich on Saturday.|What is your departure site and time?
From Cambridge and I want to arrive by 20:30.|I have a train that would leave at 18:36 and arrive by 19:55.  It's 79 minutes long and costs 14.08 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, book it for 7 people.|All booked and ready to go! The reference number is RJVNE0PT.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a guesthouse?|Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet that criteria. In the area, there are 24 guesthouses, some of them cheap, some expensive. Can you narrow down your choices?
If there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the cheapest one that includes free wifi.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star cheap guesthouse with free interenet and parking located in the centre. Does that work for you?
Yes Alexander bed and breakfast that has a star of 4 would be great.|Sure, I can book that for you. How many people will be staying and for how long also arriving what day?
There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.|My attempt to book your party was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different length of stay, or a different hotel?
Would 1 night work instead? If it does could I get the reference number please?|Yes, 1 night will work. I've booked the hotel for you, and your reference number is FIINUE5N. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.|Wonderful. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for theatres to visit in town. Any suggestions?|Yes, there are 5 theatres in town. 4 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for the one in the south?|The phone number for the Junction is 01223511511 and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and has 2 stars.|Would the Ashley Hotel be okay? They are a moderately priced hotel that is located in the north.
Actually, can you find me one that offers free wifi and parking that has a 2-star rating? I prefer the north area still.|Yes, Ashley hotel will work for all those specifications.
Awesome! Can I have the address and postcode for that hotel? Thanks!|Certainly, ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road, postcode cb41er. Do you need any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Hi! I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and I was wondering if you had information on any Mediterranean restaurants located in the centre of Cambridge?|Thre are 3 such places. Do you have a price range?
Not really but I would like to make a reservation for 7 people at 16:45 on a Friday. I will need the reference number as well.|I would like to recommend the gardenia is that okay to book?
Yes. That sounds good. Do you have any moderate priced guesthouses available?|I was able to book the table for you the reference number is HH5J45Z5. There are many guesthouses to chose from, what area do you want to stay in?
I don't seem to have a preference but I wiukd like a moderately priced place with free parking.|Can I reccommend acorn guest house in the north,it has free parking and moderately priced?
Could I have the postcode and how many stars of the hotel?|The postcode of Acorn Guest House is cb41da.
I also need to get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant. I need it to arrive at 16:45. I'd like the contact number and the car type.|The car type is a White Volkswagen and the contact info is 07869317817.  They will pick you up in time to have you at the restaurant by 16:45.
Thank you so much, thats all I need|You're very welcome! Have a great stay! Bye!
I really need to get out of Cambridge! Can you find me a train to Leicester? Sometime after 08:45 because I like to sleep in.|I would be happy to help with your request, what day will you be leaving?
I'll be leaving this place on Saturday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
It does not matter.|There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and arrive in Leiester at 11:06. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. What's the cost of the ticket?|The ticket price is 30.24 pounds. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need the travel time and arrival time please.|arrival time is 11:06 and travel time is 105 minutes
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called cityroomz.|Sure, what kind of information do you need?
I'd like to to book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday|I have booked a room for 8 for 4 nights beginning on Tuesday. Your reference number is SY5AJ8CL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not at this time. Thank you.|Have a fantastic day, goodbye.
I wold like to book a room near downtown that has wi-fi and a free parking.|There are 4 options. Do you have a price you would like to stick with?
Actually, I think that what I really want is a hotel that is in the same area as a swimming pool.  Are there any public swimming pools in town?|Parkside Pools are in the centre of town, if that would be okay.
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 4 start place to stay in the north|Parkside pools is gonville place. The area is the centre and phone number is 01223446100.
I also need a place to stay, it should be 4 stars, in the north and include free wifi.|We have six 4-star guesthouses in the north that might suit you. I can recommend Archway House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I'll need it for 5 nights starting from sunday. Oh, and book it for 7 people!|I'm sorry I was unable to book it for 7 people, would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have anything for 2 nights?|Yes, I was able to book your 7 person, 2-night stay beginning on Sunday.  The reference number is G2ZC5BAH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us today.  Goodbye.
I'm interested in 4 star hotels in the centre of town.|I've located one 4 star hotel, University Arms Hotel located on Regent Street. It is an expensive hotel, but has internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel in the moderate price range.|There are no four star hotels in a moderate price range in that area.  Would you like me to search for a different area of town?
How about the cheap price range?|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.|When will you begin your stay and how long will you stay?
Beginning on Wednesday for three nights. I also need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves Chinese food.|how about charlie chan? i have heard great things
What's the price range of that one?|This one is cheap, will that work?
That would work yes, can I have their phone number and postcode?|Of course, the phone number is 01223361763 and the postcode is cb21db. Would you like me to book you a table?
No but I still need the reservation for the hotel and a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. Need contact number and car type for that as well.|I can't book a reservation for your hotel until you tell me how many people will be staying.
just find me the phone number and postcode i'll book it myself|The postcode for the hotel is cb12de.  The phone number is 01223525725.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need to book a taxi to travel between the two places.|I have a white Lexus picking you up from the hotel and will arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. The contact number is 07675725181. Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what do you need to know?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.|Are you looking for a certain price range or a particular part of town?
I would like a hotel in a moderate price range not far from the railway station.|I'm sorry I don;t have anything matching your description. Do you have another area in mind?
If there aren't any, how about a guesthouse?|Nothing matches for guesthouse or hotel, can I try something else for you?
A guesthouse with a 3 star rating and does not need to have internet, nothing?|There are no guest houses in that area with a three star rating. Is there another area you would like me to check?
I guess a hotel in the same area with any rating will do.|I have the Gonville hotel that is a 3 star expensive hotel. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Sunday.|How many people will be staying and how many nights do you need?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Could you give me the reference number?|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is V0E1X9SL. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all thank you for your help.|May I book you a train and or a taxi?
No, thank you. I have everything I need.|Wonderful! Have a great day!
I'd like to find a guesthouse to stay.|No problem. We have 24 to choose from. Any specifics?
I'm looking for one with free parking and wifi and which has a 3-star rating.|Okay, there are three: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobsons House in the west. Would one of these work for you?
Can I have the address for Hamilton Lodge?|Certainly. It's located at 156 chesterton road. Anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm not familiar with that address.  What part of town is that in?|It is in the North part of town.
Great, thanks for the information. That's all I need right now.|Have a great day!
Hi there. I was wondering if you might be able to help me locate a guesthouse to stay at in town.|I found 24 guesthouses do you have a location you prefer or any other requirements?
I am just looking for one with free parking|All right, the Allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side that might suit your needs.
That sounds good. Please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting on Friday.|I have reserved you a room at the allenbell guesthouse for 1 on Friday, for 3 nights, reference number O35QES09.
That's all I need, thank you.|Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
I want a place to eat that serves swiss food.|there are no restaurants with swiss food kindly suggest another,
How about does anyone serve European food?|I have many places serving European food. Do you have a price range preference?
It doesn't matter.  Please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.|Michaelhouse Cafe, 15-19 Trumpington Street, reservation for Saturday for 8 people. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number VRZWVKT7. Will there be anything else today?
I am also needing help finding a room. I don't care if they offer free parking or internet.|I have so many choices for you. It would be better to narrow the down by area.
I'd like a hotel in the south to stay at. It doesn't need to include internet, nor no need to have free parking. Closer to the restaurant would be preferred.|I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to make a booking?
I don't need a reservation right now but can I get more information?|Rosa's is a guesthouse in the cheap price range. It has 4 stars. The address is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Do you need more information?
Ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on saturday.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is JXKUVL9Y.
Thank you very much!|May I assist you with anything else today?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|When would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at 11:30.|Ok I need departure location, arrival location and travel time to book your taxi.
I will be leaving Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and heading to the restaurant. Please ensure the taxi arrives before 11:30.|Okay I have booked the taxi and you should expect to see a yellow Skoda and your contact number is 07075628107.
Have a nice day.|Thank you.  Have nice trip and call back with any questions.
Hi, I am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with one?|Sure can, we have 33 locations available, do you have anything to help narrow it down?
I need it to be in the north. I'd also like free parking and free wifi.|Is there a price point?
Not really. I'm hoping you give me the price range along with my options.|There are 11 hotels with the price range of moderate to cheap. Which would you like to know more about?
Can you pick a good one in the moderate price range?|The Archway House has both free internet and parking, four stars, and is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it?
Not yet but I would like to find a place to go near the same area as the hotel.|There are four places to go in the north area.  Two are swimming pools and there is a park and boating area. Which would you like info on?
A swimming pool would be great. Can i get the address please?|Sure. I recommend kings hedges learner pool. Their address is jedburgh court, kings hedges
Great! I'm also going to need a taxi, for between the two places.|Okay, please tell me your departure time and location as well as your destination
I want to leave the hotel at 5:30.|I have you booked, grey Audi. 
Contact number is 07341216795
Thanks so much. That's all for today, goodbye|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 19:30|Where would you like to go to?
I am going to Cambridge on Sunday.|There is a train that arrives at 19:09. Would that do?
Sure would.  What time does it depart and how much does it cost?|leaves at 5:19 13.2 GBP payable at the station your reference number is CLPW6OR9
I am looking for a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 16:00.|Okay. What is your destination?
I am going to be leaving from London Liverpool Street and travelling to Cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that.  How close to 16:00 would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter. Just tell me when it departs so I can be there on time.|The best option for you is the train arriving at 15:07 and leaving at 13:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. Could you give me the train ID, though?|The train ID is TR2826. Is there any other thing i can help you with?
I need a moderately priced guesthouse.|how about a and b guest house? it looks lovely
Sure can you book that for 7 people for 5 nights starting friday?|Your booking has been made for 7 people for 5 nights starting Friday at the A & B guesthouse. Your reference number is ANHVMHU1.
great thanks that's all i need|Ok great. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking|There are 21 Guest Houses with free parking. What other preference do you have that can narrow the search down?
I would prefer if the guesthouse was in the cheap price range.|There are 9 cheap guesthouses that offer free parking. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast due to being a 4 star place and offering guests free wifi.
That will work. I want to make a reservation for 1 person. It will need to be for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.|Unfortunately, the Alexander can't handle that that booking at this time. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay?
no thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you check if a 2 night reservation fits in anywhere?|That worked! I have you booked for two nights at the Alexander. Your reference number is 12L7NSPK.
Are there any attractions in the centre part of town?|Certainly. I have architecture, cinema, theater, colleges, museums. What interests you most?
Which is your favorite? Give me their address, phone number, and entrance fee, and I'll check it out.|Well All saints Church is quite historic and relaxing and their address is jesus lane, it is free to enter and you can contact them on 01223452587.
That sounds wonderful.  Can you book me a taxi from Alexander to All Saints Church?  I need to leave the hotel by 1:45.|I have confirmed your booking, a white toyota will pick you up. Their contact number is 07056950129.  Do you need further assistance?
.
No.  That all looks great.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
Okay. Thanks again. You, too. Goodbye!|Safe travels and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Okay...thanks!  That's all I need.|Thank you!
I need a moderately priced place to dine on the west side.|There are three options, british, indian and italian, any preference?
I would be interested in a moderately priced Indian restaurant on the west side.|There is a restaraunt named Meghna that is located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The phone number is 01123727410.  Would you like to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure when exactly I am going to be eating, but thank you very much for the assistance.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay.|What area are you wanting to stay in?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 3 star place.|What price range would you like?
Same price range as the restaurant|The Meghna is a nice place,s do you want me to book it ?
Does it have free wifi?|I would recommend Hobson House on the west side, 3 stars and does have wi-fi.
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does have free parking
Okay can you give me their phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223304906. Anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a taxi also.|Where do you want to be picked up and by what time?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:00.|A black ford is booked for you! The contact number is 07564899941. Anything else today?
Thanks for all of your help today. Goodbye!|Have a great night.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town|We have 11 to choose from. Do you have preferred quality?
Yes, I'd like a 3 star place. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Okay, the hamilton lodge fits those conditions.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. Book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday.|The hamilton lodge guesthouse does have free parking, is that okay? There is the alpha-milton guest house in the north, it' 3 stars, moderately priced and doesn't offer parking.
The Alpha Milton guest house sounds better. Please book a room there.|I have that booked, the reference code is 8EPNPVVM. Anything else?
No that is it ,thanks.|Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day!
Can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn't to cheap or expensive?|I have the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Which one would you like?
The Ashley Hotel sounds good. Does it have free parking?|Ashley hotel does have free parking
Thanks. Coulc you book a room for me, just one person. It will be three nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LCFYMN3F
Great, thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your service.|You are welcome, I'm always glad to help. Goodbye now.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|Okay we've got 9 different options. What area of town are you wanting to stay in?
Any of them with free wifi and 4 star rating?|The leverton house is a cheap guesthouse with a four star rating and wifi.  Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds good.  I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday.  Is that possible?|great! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WD4S0IJZ anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'm also needing to book a train to Cambridge; I must arrive by 12:45 and no later please.|What is your departure station, and what day will you be traveling?
I want to take the train on Thursday.|Okay! From where will you be traveling?
I should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 12:45 on saturday. I just need the price of one ticket.|TR7309 would suit your needs. Can I book a ticket for you?
I need to know how much it will cost per ticket.|Train TR7309 cost 18.88 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. I appreciate the help.|Have a nice day.
I'd like to visit an attraction called the Cambridge Corn Exchange. What can you tell me about it?|It is a theatre located in the centre on wheeler street.
Can you provide their full address please?|I'm sorry the full address isn't listed would you like there postcode and phone number?
No but I also need a hotel called university arms hotel.|I was able to find university arms hotel located at regent street.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Before we do that, what type of attraction is the Cambridge Corn Exchange? I don't know too much about it.|They are on Wheeler street and phone is 01223357851
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.|There are many options. Is there a price range or area of town that you prefer?
No preference of area but would like it to be moderately priced and 4 stars.|There is the Acorn Guest House that offers free internet as well as parking. WOuld this be OK?
What area is Acorn Guest House in?|The acorn guest house is located in the north. Would you like a reservation?
No I don't need a reservation but I would like to get the area they are in, postcode and address please.  I am also looking for the attraction Camboats?|It is in the North, and the post code is cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I just need the entrance fee, please.|I do not have any information on the entrance fee
Oh, that's too bad. I guess that's all I need then.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?|Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.|I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|I have that booked for you and your reference number is FTVOQPHP.
I also need a train.|Okay! What day are you needing to take the train? Where would you like to go? Do you know where you would like to depart?
I would like to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?  Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive, please?
The train should leave after 10:45 and should go to bishops stortford.|The first train leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Sunday departs at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes book the tickets please.|You are booked. Your reference number is FTVOQPHP
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|Thank you, good bye!
Hello, I'm planning my trip to cambridge, and I'm trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. Can you help?|Happy to help! That is a guest house in the north and is considered moderately priced.
Perfect. will you please give me the address, area, and phone number?|Yes, their address is 63 milton road. It is in the North par of town. Their phone number is 01223311625.
I also need to know about a restaurant called sala thong.|Sure, it is a Thai restaurant in the west part of the city.  It is expensive but very good.  What would you like to know?
Can you give me the phone number for Sala Thong?|Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to know the price range, and area.|They are an expensive restaurant in the west area. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks for the help.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a 4-star place that's moderately priced.|I can help you finding a room that suits your needs. I have about 11 different options. Can you tell me what area of town you prefer?
The east would be best.|There are three options, two of which have both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book at one of them?
I do need free wifi.|How about the carolina bed and breakfast? They have free wifi. I can book for you.
No. I may decide later. Could I get the address though.|The address is 138 perne road and the postcode is cb13nx. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that will be all, thanks.|Great. Have a great day.
i need places to go in town|What kind of place do you want to go and on what side of town? An attraction or restaurant? Or something else? I need more information to help you.
I'm looking for an attraction in the north. What's the fee and postcode for your favorite?|the milton park is free. The postcode is cb46az.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I'll need free parking, but wifi is not necessary.|Are you looking for a specific hotel?
No. I actually would like to find a guesthouse instead. I would like one that offers free parking.|There are 21 places to choose from, anything i can do to narrow it down?
Actually, I really don't know this area. I could use a recommendation. I just need a guesthouse that has free wifi.|The city centre north b and b is a cheap	guesthouse located at 328a histon road. would you like me to book a room.
I would like the post code for the hotel please.|City Centre North B and B is in postcode cb43ht. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me the star rating?|It is rated 0 stars.
Thanks, I won't need anything else from you today. Take care!|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you! Goodbye|Enjoy your stay In Cambridge!
I would like information about the Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge, please.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive 2-star hotel on the east side of Cambridge. It offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes please, could you advise on the price per night for the room?|I do not have that information, but they can be reached at 01223866800.
Can you please book a room there for 2 people starting on Wednesday for 4 nights?|OK I have booked you a room for 4 days beginning Wednesday. Your reference number is YKUIEGTJ. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a train on Sunday after 19:00 from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|I have three trains that match your criteria, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one.I also would like to know the cost, arrival time and ID of the train.|A ticket on TR9732 costs 13.28 pounds and will arrive at 21:27.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, the archway house?|Yes I found it in the north and it is moderately priced. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book for 8 people, for 4 nights starting from Saturday.|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is 79Z7DU6E. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.|I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.|Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.|I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
Great, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Can you help out?|Absolutely. There are 21 guesthouses that have free parking, could you tell me which area you would like to stay in?
I am not picky about the area. I prefer the moderate price range and a 4-star rating, please.|Which area would you prefer north, south, or east?
I really don't care about the area, can you just suggest one for me?|How about the acorn guest house, its moderately priced located in the north?
Yes please book the acorn guest house. Also could you give me the address for the hotel.|154 chesterton road. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I just needed the address. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.|There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.|I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?|One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.
What star ratings are they?|Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.
Okay may I please have the phone number for Alexander bed and breakfast?|Of course! The telephone number for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 01223525725.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train for saturday.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
I need to leave Cambridge on Saturday, please.|OK. Where are you heading, and at what time?
i am going to ely and it should leave by 18:00|The earliest train leaves at 19:50 and the last one leaves at 23:50. Which one could you like to take?
Please pick one that meets my requirements.|Then, that would be TR7349 departing at 19:50 and arriving in Ely by 20:07. Do you need any tickets?
No, Make sure you get travel time, price, and train ID|Train ID is the one that was referenced earlier, price is 3.52 pounds per person, it is only a 17 minute trip.  Is there anything else that i can do?
No thank you.|Do you need any further assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need to take a train to Cambridge, it would have to be late after 21:45|The TR6549 arrives at 06:01.  Is that too late?
Um, well I should mention that we will be departing Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge.|The TR0672 from kings lynn to cambridge leaves at 22:11. Would you like to book it?
This one will leave on sunday correct?|Unfortunately, that train does not travel Sunday, but train TR6364 leaves at the same time (22:11) and arrives by 22:58. Will this work for you?
Yes that will work thank you.  I also need help finding a certain hotel if you can?|Of course. I'll be more than happy to help you find a hotel. What's the name of the hotel?
It's the Acorn Guest House.|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like any additional information?
Could you book it for 3 people. It will be for 2 nights starting on the day we get there.|I've booked your 2 night stay starting SUnday for 3 people at the Acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is JJBWZIGS. Can I help you further?
no. that does it for me. thanks. goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hello. I'm trying to plan my trip to Cambridge and need to find a hotel with free parking.|There are 29 establishments with free parking. Do you have any other criteria?
I also want free wifi and I need the hotel to be cheap as I don't have a lot of money to spend.|Which area of town would you like it to be in?
I don't care what part of town it's in. I do need a room for 6 people, 4 nights, and we're arriving on Saturday.|There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel, do you prefer one over the other?
I'd prefer the hotel please.|I was unable to create that booking. Perhaps you would like a guest house instead?
No, lets try reserving it for 2 nights instead.|I was able to complete the booking for 2 nights. Your reference number is 0B63XE0W
I also need a place to dine that serves international food and should be in the cheap price range.|I can recommend The Missing Sock on the east side of town.  It is in the cheap price range.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 6 on Saturday at 12:00?|Sure it has been reserved reference number 3acs8uko. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great! That's all I needed, thanks for your help.|You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Please find me a hotel in cambridge with 4 star rating and free parking.|There are 19 hotels. Was there a price range you are looking for?
Thanks for asking.  Moderate suite my pocketbook best.|There are nine guest houses that fit your criteria. Are you interested in a particular area of town?
yes north will be fine with me|May I suggest Acorn Guesthouse? It fits all your criteria. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 8 people please.|When will you be arriving and how many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to book for 4 nights starting on wednesday, please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FUHPBZA4. Can I help with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant for that same day|Sure, what type of food are you looking for?
I think everyone likes Chinese food.|What price range would you like?
it should be on the moderate price range|I have 4 to choose from. Three are in the centre of town and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference?
Let's do the one in the north, by the hotel.|Okay! How about Golden Wok? Would you like a reservation?
Yes for 18:00 on Wednesday for 8 people please.|Okay, you got it! The reference number for your reservation is 96EQ4JSI
Thank you! That is all I need.|Enjoy your dinner.
Have a great day!|You too and glad I could help.
Hi, I am planning my Cambridge trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.|Sure, is there a particular area of town you're interested in?
No, I need help with a particular attraction. Can you help?|I sure can, what is the name of the attraction you are seeking information about?
I'm looking for tenpin I want the address and entrance fee.|Tenpin address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. I am sorry I have no information about their entrance fee. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, I also wanted to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.|I have expensive hotels, or moderately priced guesthouses. But no expensive guesthouses.
What about a 4 star guest with free parking. If there is no such guesthouse how about one that is in the cheap range.|I found 7 cheap ones. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference. Please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on friday.|Okay, you are all booked at the leverton house. Your reference number is UDJH8B4E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be it for today, thank you.|You are welcome. Have a good afternoon.
I want a college to visit|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, no particular area. Which one do you recommend?|I recommend Christ's College in the centre, admission is free.
Can you find me a hotel in the north with free parking included?|what about hamilton lodge? it's a lovely place.
Sure. That would be fine. Can I have more information please?|What other information do you need?
Actually, I think I'm ok for now. Thank you for your time.|Okay thank you for calling.
I am looking for a gueshouse to stay in during my visit. I would like for it to be in the east section of town.|There are six entries, do you have any other preferences in hotel choice?
I'd like a 4 star place that's on the pricier side.|There are no 4 star expensive guesthouses on the East side of town. Would you be interested in a cheap or moderately priced one instead?
I would like one that is cheap then.|Autumn house is cheap and has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Can you book the reservation for Saturday for 5 guests for a 2 night stay. Thanks.|Sorry, there are no rooms available for your specifications. Do you want to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Try for 1 night instead. If that works, can I have the reference number?|How about the Autumn House for 1 night starting Saturday and your reference number is SVCIWLWA.
I also need to find something called gonville and caius college, can you help?|Gonville and Caius College is located in the center of town on Trinity Street. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the postcode?|No problem, the postal code is cb21ta.  Did you need the phone number as well?
No thanks - I'm all set. Thank you for your help today.|You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
I want to stay at a 4 star hotel|There are 33 hotels that satisfy your request are you looking for a specific area of town?
I need a place in the east with free wifi.|i am recommending  the acorn guest house
Okay that sounds good. Let's book it for just me, and I am planning to stay 4 nights beginning Thursday.|I apologize, but the hotel isn't available during that time frame.
could you please try one night|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8DW9YAFR.
Great, thanks for your help.|Your welcome, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that was all I needed today. Thanks! Take care!|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me?|We have 2 hotels in the north.  Both are in the moderate price range.
Great! Do either one have a 2 star rating?|Yes, they both do. Do you want to book one?
Yes please book one for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.  Can I please have the reference number?  Thank you for your help.|I will book that for you now.
Your booking was successful. Can I help you with anything else like restaurants or attractions in the area?|The booking was successful. Reference number is MO0RU0NN. What else can I help you with?
I need a train to Cambridge.|What day will you be traveling on and what is your departure city?
I need to depart from london liverpool street, after 15:15. Can you tell me how long the travel time is too?|on which day do you want to travel?
It needs to be on Tuesday.|The train ride time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks, group is still deciding on a carpool or a train, but thank you for all of the help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
I do need a train from london liverpool street on tuesday please.|There are 5 leaving after 15:15. The first one is leaving at 15:39 and takes 88 minutes. You'd arrive by 17:07 and the cost is 16.60 pounds.
I'd like to book the previously mentioned train that leaves 15:39.|Are you sure you want to book now, if so, how many people?
Please book for 6 people.|All booked. Your reference number is TPJE3LTQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|Your welcome, have a good day.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking for a hotel.|There are at least 9 hotels in the area. What price range would you like?
Moderate price range. And a 4 star rating, please.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotel rooms that meet those requirements.
I need a place with wifi.|I have 2 hotels in the moderate price range with free wifi and 2 star ratings in the north location, would you like one of those?
yes and book it for me and I need postcode|would you like the ashley hotel, cityroomz, or lovell lodge?
Ashely hotel will be fine thank you|The postcode for the Ashley hotel is cb41er, can you give me some more information to book your room?
it has wifi and free parking,there is no info on the room|Okay the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge match your preferences.
Which one is better?|Well, both have a two star rating and are in the same price range, so I think they'd be about the same, quality-wise.
Please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|Your reservation for 8 people at Ashley Hotel this Thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NZP6RTB5.
Thanks now I need a cab to and from both places|Which place will be you departing from and and do you have to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I need to be at the restaurant by 1:00.|What is the other place?
I need to be picked up at the hotel, please.|I'm sorry, what restaurant do you need to be picked up from?
It appears that I forgot to book a restaurant reservation. I need something in the south in the same price range as the hotel, please.|I have 9 restaurants in the south. What price range would you like?
Priced moderately please.|I have only one in the moderate price range serving modern European food. Would you like a booking there?
I don't want to book it quite yet. Could you get me the phone number, postcode, and address?|Restaurant alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Their phone number is 01223413000. May I help with something else?
Can you help me find a taxi?|I have a yellow Honda scheduled to pick you up at the hotel at 1:00.  The contact number is 07039029314.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thanks for the help.|Thank you very much for calling  the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a nice day.
Guten Tag, I am staying overnight in Cambridge and need a place to sleep. I need free parking and internet.|I have 4 different options for you. I have two cheaper guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Do you have a preference?
No, but I'd really like to be on the south end of the city. Do any of those fit the bill?|Sure.  Does price matter?  We can narrow it down and find exactly what you need.
No I don't care about the price. Which one do you recommend?|I would recommend aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|The booking was unsuccessful. would you like another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 3 nights?|Booked! Reference number is: 84ESP6F5
Great.  I am all set then.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Have a nice stay.  Bye.
I would like to find a pool that I can visit.|Of course, there are 4 public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking to visit any particular part of town?
I am not. Can you please give the phone number and entrance fee for one of them?|I can provide you four names but not an entrance fee. I am sorry.
Just give me the phone number for the first one on your list, and can you confirm if that one has an entrance fee please.|The phone number for the abbey pool and astroturf pitch phone number is 01223902088.  I am sorry, but they do not note if an entrance fee is required.
Ok, I also need a place to stay and I don't care about free parking, but can it be moderately priced?|I have many options available. Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay or a number of stars you want?
I want to stay on the east side of town and I'm looking for a guesthouse type hotel.|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse with free parking. Would you like to try that one?
What is this hotel's phone number?|The phone number for The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 01223247015. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you book me at the guesthouse for 8 people?|Sure thing, what day would you like to check in and how many days do you want to stay?
I am looking for some restaurant recommendations.|Do you have a cuisine or area in mind?
I would like some Middle Eastern food, preferably in the cheap price range. I'd also like to be in the Centre.|I didn't find anything within that range.  Would you be willing to increase the price or go outside of the city centre?
No, not really.  How about Indian food instead of Middle Eastern?|There are three Indian food restaurants that fit your request. They are Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would like to make a booking at one of them?
No just the address, postcode and phone number of the one you recommend.|I recommend the Gandhi whose phone number is 01223353942 and they are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre with post code cb21db. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I need somewhere that is a guesthouse and includes free parking.|There are 21 guest houses that meet your specifications. Tell me about some of your other preferences?  What area of town are you interested in?
Area does not matter but something with 4 stars.|How about the limehouse?
Is Limehouse 4 stars?|Yes, Limehouse is 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Can you give me the phone number and price range?|Sure, their phone number is 01223300552 and the price range is moderate.  Would you like to book a room there?
I can do that myself. Thank you for the information.|You are welcome.
Have a wonderful day!|Thank you! You as well!
I need a hotel that includes free parking please.|There are 29 hotels with free parking. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in so we can narrow the search down some?
I am not particular about the area. Is there a hotel available that has a 2 star rating?|There are 2 on the north side and 1 on the east side with 2 star ratings, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes,book me the one on the East side.|How many days would you like to book the room for? Starting when? Also, for how many people?
I'd like it for 5 people and 5 nights starting Sunday, please.|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Yes, lets try a different one.|OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is: 5UH12MNC. Is there anything else you need today?
can you please confirm the price for the package|This would be 500.22. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
I need a train departing from cambridge after 17:45.|Ok. There are lots of options. Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Norwich on Monday.|TR6688 leaves Cambridge at 8:36 for Norwich. Would you like to book this train now?
Nah, thanks though. But if ya can tell me when it gets there that'd be good.|I'm sorry TR6688 departs Cambridge at 18:36 and arrives in Norwich by 19:55.
Great. I'm also looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking.|We have five hotels matching those requirements. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I'm looking for something moderately priced please.|There are three choices in that price range: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobson's House in the west.
Let's try the Hobson's House please.|Ok. Do you need me to book that for you?
Yeah, could you book me a 3 night stay at Hobson's House?|When would you like to book your stay?
Friday. For 7 people.|That hotel isn't available for 3 nights? Are you able to shorten your stay?
How about one night?|The hotel has been booked for you for Friday night for a total of 1 night for 7 people. The reference number is RJEXYUD1.
Great! Thank you so much for all your help.|It is our pleasure. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?|We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.|That narrowed it to eight choices. How about Home from Home? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.|I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday.  The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ.  Is there anything else you need?
I am excited to eat at some great restaurants during my visit.  Can you help me find a guesthouse?|Sure, got an area of town you want to stay in?
I'll need a guesthouse that has free wifi that has a rating of 4 stars.|What area of town do you want to stay in?
No particular area, could you give me a recommendation?|The Acorn Guest House	is in the north and moderately priced. Will that suit you?
Yes, that will. Can you please reserve a room for 4 nights beginning on Sunday. There will be six of us.|I was able to book your room per your request.  Your  reference number is : 40VQ9ANP.  Was there anything else you needed?
I am also looking for an expensive Indian restaurant nearby.|In what area would you like it to be?
In the centre please.|I would suggest this place the golden curry.
Can I have the phone number and postcode please?|01223302330. Post code is cb21dp. Is there anything else you will need?
That is all I need, good day.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Okay, have a great trip!
Yes, I'm looking for the hotel Limehouse.|limehouse is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Please. I'll be checking in by myself on sunday, and staying for five nights.|It was successful. The booking number is WCRBSYUL. Is there anything else?
Yes. What can you tell me about cherry hinton hall and grounds? I am interested in visiting it. Do I need to book a tour?|It is in the east area of town, and it does not tell me if there is an entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you provide me with their phone number as well?|The telephone number is 01223446104.  Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the North end. Preferably a 4 star hotel|The acorn guest house is nice
Are there any hotels available, instead of a guesthouse?|There are no 4 star hotels in the north part of town
Ok, let's go with guesthouse. A moderately priced one, 4 stars.|home from home	is located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la. can i give you the phone number?
Do they have free parking?|yes they do . can we book?
I don't need a room right now, but I would like to know if there is a Persian restaurant in the north.|There are no persian restaurants in the north, would you like me to run another search?
Are there any italian places around the hotel?|There is! I have Da Vinci Pizzeria, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. It is in the cheap range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at 18:45 on Sunday.|OK, I've got your table reserved, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is V8O2HYKW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places, from my lodgings, so it gets me to the restaurant on time.|Your booking has been completed! Booked car type: white audi  The contact number	is: 07231461791. Can I help you with anything else today?
I don't think so.  Thank you.|Thank you, too.  I hope you have a great day.  Goodbye!
I'm looking to get some info about a hotel called Home from Home|Home from Home is located at 78-80 Milton Rd.  It's a 4 star hotel in the north part of town.  Phone is 01223323555.
Yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is  Z7XFCSHU.
I am also looking for an Indian restaurant that is located in the centre?|there is curry garden as well as eight other options for you.
Curry Garden sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at 12:15 on saturday?|I have a table for 4 at 12:15 on Saturday at Curry Garden. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Could I get the reference number please?|Your reference number is XDJE6L0H. Do you need anything else?
No that is all I do believe thanks for all of your help|You are welcome!  Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a moderate place to stay in the centre.|The City Room Hotel meets your requirements. Do you need the phone number?
Does it have four stars?|I'm sorry, it only has 0 stars.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
No I would like to stay in the centre. Can you recommend a cheap one in that area instead?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has 4 stars and is within your price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
what their address? do they have free parking?|The address is 56 Saint Barnabas Rood, and they do have free parking.
Great can I also find a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range?|There are over 110 entries that fit the area and price range, what food type did you have in mind?
I don't have a preference for food type. I do need reservations for 8 at 12:00 on thursday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Could you do another time?
Yes, how about 11:00 instead?|Okay you have reservations at dojo noodle bar and your reference number is WJJDIBTF.
Great. Thanks so much. Can you also get me a taxi from the Alexander B&B to Dojo Noodle Bar and get me there by 11:00?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey toyota
Contact number	:	07149685492
Ok, thank you, that will be all. Goodbye|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to dine at that serves afternoon tea and that is moderately priced. Please help.|I didn't find any results matching your criteria. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
How about an Indian restaurant, then?|Great news!  I have four restaurants.  Do you have a certain area that's more convenient?
No area does not matter.|Well I have moderately priced restaurants in the east, north and west. Would you lie me to choose for you?
That would be great. There will be 7 of us.|I would choose Curry Prince.  When would you like to dine?
i need a table reserved for friday|How many people and at what time?
I would like a booking at 13:00 for 7 people for Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : L6V4VV8Q.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a place to stay.|We have plenty to choose from, what preferences do you have?
it should be a guest house in the north|Okay! What price range would you like?
I would like expensive.|Sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like me to check for a hotel instead? Or change the area or price range?
I would accept one with moderate price range. I also need free parking.|I have 7 guesthouses that meet your criteria. I recommend the home from home. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need to know if they have free parking and the postcode.|WELL THE ACORN GUEST HOUSE HAS FREE INTERNET AND PARKING, POSTCODE IS CB41DA
I need a taxi also for the commute between both places|Ok great, and what time do you prefer?
18:00 pm and can you book it for me ?|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Are there any 3-star hotels, guesthouses, or B&B's that have wifi that you don't have to pay for?|There are 5 places to stay that match your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
No, but the hotel should be in the north.|I have found the Hamilton Lodge. It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information about it?
Yeah, how much does it cost?|It is listed as moderately priced.
Thanks, what is the address and does it have free parking?|Hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, and yes it does have free parking.
Cool, thank you. I'm all set now. Bye!|Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at that includes free wifi. Can you help?|Do you have a location preference?
I would like to stay in the east, if possible.|We have three moderate priced places to stay in the east with free wifi, would you like a recommendation?
Yes but to help it doesn't need to have free parking.|i can book you one if you provide me with more information on it
Can you pick one and send me the postcode, address and phone number?|a and b guest house	124 tenison road	cb12dp and the phone number is 01223315702
Thank you! I also need a reservation at the Saffron Brasserie for 2 people at 15:45 on Wednesday please.|Okay I have your reservation for the Saffron Brasserie booked and your reference number is QJ98YT0F.
that is it for today thank you very much|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel.|Ok can we narrow our search a little. Where are you staying and what can you afford?
I need a hotel named University Arms, I need the star of this hotel and the postcode please.|The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town, and their postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town. Can you tell me what's available?|There are 33 restaurants that match your preferences. What type of food would you like?
I would really like chinese food please|I have 4 different restaurants to choose from. If I might offer a recommendation, the Ugly Duckling is highly rated and has an excellent buffet option.
would i book a table for 1 people at 13:30 on saturday please?|I'm sorry, they don't have anything available then. Would you like me to try another day or time?
How about a little earlier, say 12:30?|Booking was successful. The tabled will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: ZIEEXAYS
Thank you very much.  Goodbye.|You're Welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to go that includes boats. Can you please help me plan my trip?|There are four boat attractions in Cambridge. Is there an area of town you'd like to visit while there?
No, I don't have a preference. Which one do you suggest?|Camboats in the East area, would you like more information about Camboats?
That is great is there a hotel near by that has free wifi and is on the cheaper side?|there are 3 hotels available that meet your criteria, do you have any other preferences?
I would like one with free parking.|Allenbell is a guesthouse on the East side of town that is cheap. It has both free wifi and parking. Would you like more information or to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Are there any that would meet the criteria I've listed?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding anything that matches that criteria. Can I search for something else?
I really need a hotel in the east.|Express by Holiday Inn is in the East and has parking, but it's expensive. Is that OK?
No I really need the price range to be cheap.  Are there any that come up close to that price range?|Unfortunately, no. In that part of town, there are no cheap hotels.
I'm sorry, I misspoke earlier. The Allenbell will be fine. Could you see if they have any rooms starting on Tuesday for 3 nights? There will be 8 people.|The booking was successful with a reference number of SXQ58UY1. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would also like a taxi that will leave from Camboats by 07:45. Could you also provide me with its contact number and car type?|I was able to secure a blue Toyota for you. The contact number is 07214859468.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
I need a train out of cambridge on Monday.|There are over 200 possibilities. Where will you be traveling to from Cambridge?
Let's change the date to leaving on Tuesday after 20:00 and it should be departing Cambridge and to the Birmingham New Street.|I would recommend TR6319 which leaves Cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 22:44.
Perfect.  Can you book 3 seats for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VMZ1Y1EA. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, please. I also need a hotel with free wifi. And, thank you for the train reservation.|You're welcome! What part of town would you like to stay in?
The area is flexible. I am more concerned with finding something with 2 stars and with free wifi.|Okay. There are 3 hotels matching your description. Two moderately priced hotels in the north, and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you want me to recommend one?
What's the name of the expensive hotel?|express by holiday inn cambridge is the expensive hotel.
thats fine, thanks|Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I'm just gathering information right now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge and arriving by 11:45|Ok, do you know what your destination is?
Yes, I am going to Ely.|I have a train that leaves at 7:50 Monday morning to to to Ely.  Does this interest you or is there another day you had in mind?
I would like to leave on Friday.|Is there a certain time on Friday?
I need to arrive by 11:45.|I have the TR8792 which you will arrive at 10:07. How many ticket please?
i would like a ticket for 8 people.|You will need to pay a fee of 35.2 GBP at the station and your reference number number 7089L1RT.
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking.
The hotel should have a star of 4.|We have 19 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
Price doesn't matter. I need a reservation for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday. If that day fails, the Sunday and the reference number.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is supposed to be nice, as long as you're ok with a guesthouse rather than a hotel. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please, for 8 people, for 3 nights, starting Tuesday!|You're all set! Your reference number is YGF92ATC. Can I assist you with anything else?
That is all I need.|Enjoy your stay.
Hello, can you recommend an expensive restaurant in Cambridge?|We have a lot of them. Any specific location?
I was hoping to find a place that serves Indian food.|I have 14 restaurants that serve expensive indian food. Is there area of town you would like?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town.|I am unable to find any Indian restaraunts in the the center of town.  Can you narrow down your preferred area please?
An expensive Indian restaurant in the centre, I will require the address and phone number please.|I'm not getting any results for those specific, do you want to try something else?
I'm really looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range in the town centre.  What can you recommend?|I would recommend The Curry Garden in the city center.
I need an address and phone number for the restaurant.|Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre and phone is 01223302330.  Is there anything else you require?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the same area and same price range.|I have two hotel in the Centre, shall I book one?
Does one not have free internet?|Both Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel have free wifi and are expensive options in the centre of town.
Can you book me at the Gonville Hotel ? I also need a taxi booked.I need the taxi number and car type.|Can you please give me the day you are starting your stay, number of days, and the number of people staying?
My apologies, I actually do not need the hotel booked, but I do need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:45.|Okay you're all set for a car. There will be a white Volkswagen taking you from the Gonville to Curry Garden, leaving the hotel at 23:45. Their contact number is 07462048280.
Okay, thank you so much. Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
I really hope you can help. I need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. Do you have any recommendations.|There are four options available, do you have a preference for the price range?
No, but I do need a place with free parking.|We have ones with free parking in the south in the cheap, moderate and expensive range. Do you have a preference for hotel or guesthouse?
I don't have a preference for the price range or the type of lodging. Could you recommend one of them to me?|How about the bridge guest house? It is moderately priced and has both internet and parking?
I think that is good|Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I just need an address and postcode.  Is it a guesthouse or hotel?|Its a guesthouse and its located at 151 hills road. The postcode there is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room there for you?
No that won't be necessary, thank you.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome have a wonderful day and thank you as well.
I would like to find some place to go in town where I can look at architecture. Can you help?|There are five architecture attractions, all located in the center of town. There are four churches and one school.
Awesome, tell me more about the church closest to me right now and get me their phone number please|All saints church is located at jesus lane and has free entrance. Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I be of any further assistance?
Ya I am also looking for a hotel to stay.  Would prefer one that doesn't have wifi if possible.|Unfortunately, all the hotels in town have internet available.  Is there a particular price range your looking at?
Wifi will be fine then.  Just something cheap and basic will be good. Do you know of such a place?|How about the cambridge belfry located at back lane cambourne?
I appreciate you finding wifi for me!|Did you need me to book a room at the Cambridge Belfry for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Saturday, 4 nights and 2 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3U32C59A. Can I help with anything else?
No that's great, thanks for your help.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thank you!|Great. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye!
I love antiques and heard about a place called williams art and antiques. Could you give me more information?|williams art and antiques is a museum in the town centre. Entrance is free. Do you need more info?
Yes, can i get the address and postcode?|Okay, the address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and post code is cb12lj.
Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free wifi?|I will be happy to help. First, can you tell me if there is a certain area of town you wish to stay in?
I'd like something in the South, preferably a hotel with three stars.|there is one with moderate and one with expensive price range. which one could you prefer?
Thank you! It doesn't matter to me.|I would recommend the Bridge Guest House, the moderate.  It is just as nice as the expensive place.  Need more information?
Can you book it for 8 people for five nights starting on Sunday and I need a reference number|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 97LW76MP. Bridge Guest House is located at 151 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223247942. Would you like any additional information?
That is all I need, thank you.|Thank you goodbye
I am visiting and need a hotel in the north|ow about Ashbury Lodge Guesthouse it is moderately priced and located at 82 Arbury Road CB4 2JE (Phone: 01223364319)
Does this guesthouse include free wifi?|It has internet access
then thats good for me|Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks, good bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay.|Can I ask you some questions to help find a hotel that meets your specifications?
Yes.  What questions do you have?|what is the price range you want to pay and which place?
I'd like a guesthouse in the Centre. I'm okay with not having the internet or free parking. The price doesn't matter to me.|I have 2 guesthouse located in the centre, do you have a star rating preference?
Dont care about star rating,can you recommend one and give me the address and postcode for it?|Sure. How about El Shaddai?  It's located at 41 Warkworth Street cb11eg.  The phone number is 01223327978.
That sounds great. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the same area, are there any?|There are several expensive restaurants in the centre.  What type of food would you like?
You know, I'm feeling like chinese. What do you have?|I have 4 listings. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Do any of those sound appealing?
the sesame restaurant and bar sounds interesting. can i get their address and phone number? what kind of food do they serve?|sesame restaurant and bar serves chines food. Their address is 17 Hills Road City Centre	and their phone number is 01223358899
Thank you very much. That will be all, thanks.|Do you need me to book that reservation for you?
No that will be all! Thanks!|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b|May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?|They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.|And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.|Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge  from broxbourne.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
I need a place to stay, ideally it should be 3 stars and moderately priced.|Sure, there are some nice guesthouses to choose from.  Would you like to stay in the north, south, or west of town?
Centre, please! Thanks!|Unfortunately there aren't any hotels available in the area that are moderately priced.  Would you like me to look in a different area?
Ok that's fine, let's try something in the west then please, I really need a room|There is Hobsons House located in the West that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room now?
Yes. That sounds good. Can you book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from monday?|It is not open then, maybe a shorter stay?
Okay, try just 1 night instead.|I booked your room for 1 night.  Your reference number is IR6YZXFD.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant, maybe with english food?|There is no restaurant serving english food. Anything else?
Could you try again, English food, moderate priced in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving English food in the city. Would you like to try another cuisine? Maybe British?
Yes, can you list some that serve Indian food?|There are 22 Indian restaurants do you have a price range and area you prefer?
I'd like it in the same price range and area as the hotel, please.|There is the Meghna restaurant that fits your criteria.
I'll take that for 12:30 on monday for 1 person.|Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : L5A3CSWF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope! That should do it, thanks!|Thank you, let us know if you need any more help. Good bye.
Hello, are you familiar with Warkworth House?|Yes. They are located in the east on warkworth terrace. Is there any other information you need?
Can you book it for me? Wednesday, 5 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5WQ37WUN.
Can you find a train that  departs from cambridge after 15:30?|What day would you like to travel and whats your destination?
I am leaving on monday and going to Leicester.|The TR6067 leaves at 16:21, will that work for you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for me. Bye!|You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
Can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by 20:15?|Okay! What is your destination?
I am going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.|I need more information from you. What day will you be traveling and what time do you want to leave?
Leaving on Thursday and need the reference number.|i recommend  TR0141 leaves at 13:29 and costs 10.10 pounds
That sounds perfect! I need 5 tickets.|You have 5 tickets booked, reference #: 99ZS3NH1.  The fee is 50.5 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Anything else for you today?
Yes, I also would like to book a room at the warkworth house.|What date would you like to book?  How many nights and how many people?
Please book for 5 nights starting the same day.|How many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people stating starting the same day. i need the reference number please|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is: U08ESKG3. Is there anything else we can help you with?
Thanks for both bookings. Those were my two concerns for today. I am very satisfied. Goodbye.|Great! Please contact us again anytime. Good Bye.
I'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.|Sure thing.  There are 2 hotels available, Gonville hotel and University Arms Hotel.  Which hotel do you prefer?
Which hotel is a star of 3?|Gonville, shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be fine.  Please book it for 7 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights.|I 'm afraid the booking was unsuccesful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try it for one night then please|Success. Your reference number is NQF2R59K.
Thank you. I also need a train going to london liverpool street on wednesday.|Do you have a departure or arrival time you would like?
I am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by 08:00 for a meeting.|TR1047 will get you there by 7:27, will that work for you?
Yes please book the the train for 7 people and can I get the reference number.|The Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Reference number is : 1P1T8F7D. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now.  Thank you and have a nice day.  Bye|The duration lasts 88 minutes. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a hotel room.  Can you help me find one?|Yes, there are nine hotels you can stay at what area and price range do you want?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter.|Well the Autumn house is my recommendation, cheap price four stars and located in the east.  Would you care for more info or a booking?
Yes.  Book for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|I was able to book the room, your reference number is 2BU7S7NI. Would you like any more assistance today?
Yes, I would like to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport please.|i can help you with that. what day are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave and/or arrive on Wednesday?
I'd like to arrive by 14:15 and would like to book on the same day as the hotel booking, please.|i have train tr7996 that leaves at 13:40 and arrives by 14:08. would you like any tickets?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 3XBEBG2W. Anything else?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to eat tonight.|There are some great choices.  What type of place are you looking for?
Greek sounds good, and price is no issue for me- I want the very best.|Do you want a certain area?
I would like the north please.|I don't have anything in the north. Can I try a different area?
No, I would like to dine in the north, but can you search for european food instead?|The city stop restaurant is in that area.
That sounds great would you be able to book that for me?|How many people will be dining and about what time would your prefer?
Please book a table for 7 people, for 19:45, this sunday.|All set, the reference number is 9HQQULFL, any further questions?
I am also looking for a particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast.|Yes, carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the east.  Their address is138 perne road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the postcode?|The postcode is CB13NX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to commute between the two locations.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07567121444
Thanks for the help, goodbye!|You are more than welcome. Please do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything.
Hello. I'm hoping to find a guesthouse in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any?|Indeed there are. In fact, there are 11. If you'd like an inexpensive, 4 star guesthouse with free internet and free parking, Worth House is a good choice.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.|I would suggest this one city centre north b and b.
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Monday please.|I have made the booking the Reference number is E6UVD9OL.  Is there anything else i can help you with?
Would you mind finding some info on a train into Cambridge for me?|I could do that for you. Can you give me a time ?
Yes, we will be coming from bishops stortford on Monday. I would like to leave after 19:30.|Their is a train that leaves Monday at 21:29. it costs 10.10 pounds and it's a 38 minute trip. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me 4 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H4BIFD0U. Will there be anything else today?
I will also need a place to stay.|A guesthouse has already been booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from Bishops Stafford to Cambridge.|There are 2 trains that meet your criteria. The TR8167 and the TR9693. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please, for 4 people. How about the TR8167 please.|Oh! It looks like we've already booked Train TR8167 for your group of 4. Your reference number is H4BIFD0U. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel booking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.|Okay! Would you like to stay at City Centre North B and B, or at Worth House?
I would prefer the centre.|Okay, there is already a booking for you there. The reservation number is E6UVD9OL.
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|have a great day too
you too and thanks again|Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?|Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.|We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination  bishops stortford|I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?|That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day.
Thank you for your time goodbye!|thanks for using our services
I'm looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.|Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse, on the north side of town, in the moderate price range and awarded 3 stars. Do you need more information?
What's the hotel type, postcode, and star of the hotel?|It is a moderately-priced guesthouse with 3 stars.  The postcode is cb41da.
Thank you!!  Can you also recommend places to go around the centre.  My wife is really into architecture.|Sure, I have many churches in the centre. Would you like more information about one? Perhaps Holy Trinity?
Can I get the address of that?|Sure. Their address is market street with postcode cb23nz.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed.|Thank you for using our system!
I need some information on the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  Can you help me with that?|I can definitely help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the east. It is moderately priced and has a 4-star rating. They also offer free parking and free internet.
Sounds nice.  Can you book a room for 2 nights for me?  There will be 2 of us, coming in on Friday.|I can not get the room booked on Friday, can you come in on another day, or stay for a shorter period??
Could you try for 1 night please? I'd also like the reference number if possible.|The booking was successful and your reference number is W2250JCI. Would you like any more help with anything?
I am also looking to get a train on the same day as the hotel booking please.|Can you tell me where you are coming from or going to and the time please?
I will be leaving cambridge on the same day as the hotel booking.|Okay, and where will you be travelling to?
I am coming in to Cambridge from Ely I need it to arrive by 15:15|Train TR5484 will suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
What is the travel time and the train ID?|I have checked the schedule again and the travel time is 17 minutes and the train ID is TR0236. Do you want me to book this train?
I will book it myself, but thank you.|Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No that is all the information i needed thank you. Goodbye|Have a wonderful visit!
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay on the east side.|Okay, I have found a match. The Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has internet would you like to book a room?
yes for 5 nights please.|What night and how many people are you needing this for?
I am needing this for Sunday for 5 people, if the booking fails could you please book for 4 nights.  Also can I have the reference number?|Yes, let me book that for you.
Thank you. What is the reference number? I'm also looking for places to go in town.|OK, you're all set. Your Reference number is : P16OTKFH.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. I would like to visit a museum in the east area. Can you make a recommendation?|I have 4 museums in the east.  May I suggest saint barnabas press gallery?  It's free admission.
Yes I think that will work, I need the postcode too.|Sure! The postcode is CB13EW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah,I;m high maintenance, lol.  Just a taxi from Saint Barnabas to the Express hotel.   I'll leave by 13:00|No problem at all.  I have you booked in a black Ford.  The contact number is 07805617119.  Anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks!|I appreciate your help. Thanks again.
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel.|Ok I found 33 hotels that fit your criteria of 2 stars they can range in price and options based on what you want.
I understand. I'd like a hotel that offers free parking and wifi, please.|Okay the Ashley Hotel is in the North. Can I book that for you?
Yes please book that for 7 people for 2 nights starting saturday.|Booking is successful. The address is 74 chesterton road. Postcode is cb41er. Reference number is: CEJP5INC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for the restaurant called Charlie Chan, can you help me with this?|It's a chinese restaurant located at Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book it?
entrance fee, address, and phone number|Will I can't tell you what the check for your food is going to be, but there address is regent st city centre phone is 01223361763.
Thanks. Can you book it for 7 people at 17:45 on Saturday please.|No I am sorry another day perhaps?
Are there similar times available on Saturday?|I was able to book your table at 17:45 on Saturday for 7 people. The reference number is GYXORI7Z.
Thank you. That will be all.|I certainly hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side.|I found seven results! What price range are you looking for?
I am looking in the lower range.|Sure, I have 3 guesthouses that might work for you. They're all 4 stars with free wifi and parking. Does that sound good?
A place on the east side with 4 stars and free wifi sounds perfect! Can I get the address, price range and postcode for one of those?|Sure.  There's the Allenbell located at 517A Coldham Lane CB13JS.  The number there is 01223210353.  Anything else?
Thank you. What is the price range?|The Allenbell is cheap.  Anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Thank you! Goodbye!
Hello, can you recommend any theatres in the Centre of town, please?|I really love The Cambridge Corn Exchange located on Wheeler Street.  I don't have admission information, but you can call them at 01223357851.
You don't have what it costs to get in? I need the entrance fee if you would please|I'm sorry we do not have the entrance fee, only the phone number which is 01223357851.
I also need a place to stay with free parking but internet isn't needed.|I have about 29 choices. Is there a certain price range or area you prefer?
Thank you! I don't care about the price range, but I would like to stay in the East part of town, please.|I like the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  Can I get you information on it?
Sorry, my wife just said that we won't stay in a hotel with any less than 4 stars, do you have something that meets that criteria?|I don't have any 4 star hotels, but I do have several 4 star guesthouses. Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse.
Is it in the east part of town|Yes, it is located on the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
yes for 7 for 5 nights starting saturday, and I need the reference number too please|Ok.  I was to take care of that for you.  Your reference number is GURAZE8G.
Excellent, thank you for your help today! That will be all.|Glad to be of help! have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing the local tourist attractions.|Cambridge is a great place for that.  There are 79 total attractions, any type of attraction or area in mind?
Well first I'll need a place to stay. Are there any 4-star hotels in the west with free parking?|There are a few, do you know what price-range you are looking for?
Do those hotels have internet?|Yes, they all have free wifi.
I'm looking for a museum in centre.  What do you recommend?|We have dozens of museums here, but there are a few that are not free to enter, do you want to go to a free one?
I don't care about the entrance fee.  Can you recommend a good museum and give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure. I recommend the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The phone number is 01223333516 and postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi from the museum please.|Please give me information on when you want to leave and arrive.
i want to leave the hotel by 12:15, get contact number and car type|I can help with that. First would you like to book a hotel?
Yes, please book it|There are 3 hotels in the west with free parking and 4 stars. What price range are you looking for?
I'm not looking for any particular price range.  I need the postcode and please let me know if they have internet?|Finches has wifi and a postcode of cb30nd
Ok. I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 12:15.|Certainly.  I have you booked leaving the hotel at 12:15.  The vehicle is a Black Tesla and the contact number is 07302617458.
That sounds great. Thank you for your help.|Was that everything you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Have a nice day.|You as well! Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today.
Hello. I would like some information about the Aylesbray lodge guest house.|Ok.  Aylesbray lodge is in the south part of town, moderately priced, and has a 4 star rating.  Are you interested in booking a room?
Yes I'd like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Would that be possible?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful
Thats awful,is there any other options for the criteria that I need?|The only criteria you gave me is the name of the hotel. Are you sure you don't want to book a different day or make a shorter stay?
How about 2 nights?|Yes, I was able to book you at The Aylesbray Lodge for 2 days. Your Reference number is J9AMLIVL. Is there anything I can assist you with?
Thanks.  I also need a train from Kings Lynn on that day, leaving after 21:45.|I have a train that leaves monday at 22:11 arriving in cambridge at 22:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great! What is the price and train ID?|The train ID is TR2215 and the ticket price is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you so much. That is all the help I need today. I appreciate your time.|Have a wonderful trip! Goodbye
I am planning a trip and am looking for some places to go while I'm there.|There are many different kinds of attractions to visit while in town. Is there a specific area of type of attraction you'd like to visit?
I'm interested in architecture, and would like to find architectural attractions. Could you provide the areas too?|There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre. Can I make a recommendation?
Yes please, that could be nice.|Old schools is an architecture attraction in the centre of town with free entrance free.
Great! I'm also looking for a hotel, preferably on the east side of town. I won't need parking, but I do need free wifi. Do you have anything like that?|I do have one that should meet your needs. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It's a hotel in the east that is expensive with free parking and wifi.
Yes, this sounds wonderful.  Thank you very much.|Can I book it for you?
book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Booked! Reference number: 1C8AUP81.
Awesome. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm looking for hotels in the center.|The Alexdander Bed and Breakfast is a good recommendation. It has four stars and affordable pricing. The Gonville Hotal is also a good choice. Would you like the address to either?
I would like for the hotel to have a 4 star rating and include free wifi.|There are two, one in the expensive price range, one in the cheap price range. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference.|The University Arms hotel fits all of your criteria, would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book a room for 3 people and 5 nights.|What day would you like to start your reservation?
Please start the reservation on Monday. What is the reference number? I also need a restaurant that serves australasian food at a moderate price in the same area as the hotel|I am sorry but there are no restaurants in that area which meet your criteria.  Would you like me to search for another type of cuisine?
Could you see if there is a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as the hotel?|Certainly, we have either restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, cotto. Can I book a table at one, if so how many will be dining?
Three people please, on Monday at 18:30.|Booked you a table at the oak bistro. Your reference number is SSUTW528.
Thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome.
Can you help me find a room for when I visit next week?|I would be more than happy to. Are you looking for a hotel in a particular part of town?
North please. I would also like it to include free parking.|There are several to choose from.  Would you like a hotel or a guestroom?
I'd like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range please.|There aren't any hotels that have both Internet and parking. Would a guesthouse suit your needs?
Yes, a guesthouse would be fine.|How about the acorn guest house? It has free internet and parking, four stars and is in the moderate price range? Shall I book that for you?
No, can you just give me the address?|Sure, the address is 154 Chesterton Road and the postcode is cb41da.
Great, thanks.  That is all I need.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service & have a good day!
I would like to locate a particular hotel|I can help you with that. Which hotel are you looking for?
I am looking for lensfield hotel.|It is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road.
Can I get the postal code for that hotel?|The postcode is cb21en. Do you need anymore information?
I am also looking for an attraction called the kettle's yard.|Kettle's Yard is a museum in the west. Their phone is 01223748100. No entrance fee.
Can I have the address for kettle's Yard, please?|They are located at Castle Street.  Do you need anything else today?
I'd like to book a taxi from Kettle's Yard back to the hotel. I'd like to leave around 23:45.|A Grey Honda has been book to pick you up by 23:45 at Kettle's Yard and take you to The Lensfield Hotel. Is there anything further today?
Yes, can I have the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number for your taxi is 07210623485.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. You have been most helpful. Goodbye.|It was my pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.
What are my choices for a moderately priced hotel in the west please?|The Hobsons House guesthouse is in the west and is moderately priced. They are a 3 star establishment offering free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
A guest house sounds perfect. I am not sure about a reservation? Is it a good place?|Based off its 3 star rating I would say it is a good place to stay.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes.  Can you book it for two guests?  We will be staying three nights beginning Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4AXDYT23. Anything else?
Yes - are there any indian restaurants in town? Something moderately priced?|There are 4 such restaurants. I recommend curry prince.
Is it located in the west?|Curry Prince is in the east. If you need someplace in the west, I recommend Meghna.
Either is fine. I need a table for 2 the same day at 17:00.|I would go with Meghna in the west. But they are fully booked at that time. Would you like me to try another time?
Yes, please, perhaps 15:00|I'm sorry, that time was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try another?
Okay. let's try 16:00.|That worked!. your reservation number will be MPQPD3PQ.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|Great! Have a wonderful time!
Hi! I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi. The hotel doesn't have to have free parking but that would be nice.|There are many listings. Do you have an area or price range preference to further narrow down?
yes less than 100 a night|There are 29 hotels with those criteria. What location would you like it to be in?
I would like it to be in northern cambridge and have 2 stars.|There are two hotels that meet those criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge.
Try Ashley Hotel for 6 people, 3 nights, starting Monday.|Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful is there another time you'd like to go?
Can you try for 2 nights?|Yes, i was able to book the ashley hotel for two days. Your reference number is  6OMRC62I. Can I help with anything else?
I need a place to dine in the expensive price range serving north indian food|There aren't any restaurants serving expensive north indian food.
Are there any that serve british food?|I have 6 restaurants that serve expensive British food. Would you prefer one in the east, west or centre area?
Centre would be fine. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?|51 Trumpington Street City Centre	and cb21rg
Ok great, thank you!|Is there anything else you need help with?
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a local restaurant.|There are 6 restaurants listed, do you have a preference of area?
Actually, I'm all set. Thanks again. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a hotel with free parking?|There are 8 hotels with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area in town?
north area of town|There are two hotels in that area with free parking:  Ashley Hotel and the Lovell lodge.  Would you like to book either of those?
Actually, I'd like a guest house.|how about hamilton lodge? It sounds lovely.
Is it moderately priced? Area actually doesn't matter as long as it is a 3 star moderately priced guest house|It is moderate price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, and I would also like the address?|Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No that won't be necessary. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome. Do you need any more information or do you have any transportation needs?
Nope, that's it. Thanks again.|You're very welcome. Have a great time.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.|I have 21 4 star hotels, would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the most suitable hotel for you?
I need free wifi and would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.|There are 11 hotels and guesthouses that offer free wifi and are moderately priced. Is there a particular part of town that you wish to stay in?
Of these 11, please give me the area and address of all those that offer free parking|North 154 chesterton road, North 82 arbury road, North 52 gilbert road, South 5 mowbray road, east, 138 perne road
Can you just pick a hotel for me with 4 stars that have free wifi in the moderate price range. I'll just need to know the area & address.|I have the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located in the south. The address is 5 Mowbray Road. Is there any other information you need? I can help you with booking a room if you would like.
Maybe later. I'd love to find a place to go look at architecture in the east.|I am sorry there are no places to look at architecture in the east. Would you like me to check another area of town?
I'd like to check out the sports center. I need to call the venue to find out the cost of tickets to events.|The only sports center in the east is The Cherry Hinton Village Centre. The phone number is 01223576412. Would you like to know the address or postcode?
Yes, can I get the postcode and also the entrance fee?|cb19ej and unfortunately i am not sure what the entrance fee is
That's fine. I'd also like to book a taxi to get there, to depart by 20:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
You can book it from the Aylesbray.|I have booked your taxi and your contact number is 07276055179.  Be on the lookout for a white honda.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. That is all.|Thank you for using this system.
i want to go to a park|Sure, there are a few.  What part of town do you prefer?
anywhere is fine. May I get a postcode ?|There are 5 different parks. Postcodes are CB21JF, CB18DW, CB46AZ, CB22AD, and CB223AE.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. I need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 4.|I have three 4 star hotels. what are or price range do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter.  I do want it to be in the north area of town though.|I'm sorry, I don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. Would another area be ok, or should I check other star rating options?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the north available?|No, I'm afraid there aren't.
Could you look for something that isn't a guesthouse then?|There are no hotels that meet your requirements.
I guess I will take the guest house.|Okay, Do I need to book that for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we'll need to try different criteria. Would you be willing to change what part of town you stay in, or the star rating you need?
But I said I would take the guesthouse.|I'm so sorry about that.  You are booked at the Acorn Guest Lodge.  Reference number is : R68P0A12.
i aslo want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'm sorry, but I don't think we determined which park you wanted to visit. Where will you be departing from?
the hotel by 14:45.|I'm sorry but there are no parks in the area of your hotel.
Yes, I am in the planning stages and could use some help finding some places to go in town.|Well we have many interesting things to see in Cambridge. Is there something specific you were looking for? Perhaps you'd like to visit some of our museums?
i need to see a theater in the center. find me the phone number|We have four theatres to pick from, I recommend the mumford theatre, they can be reached at 08451962320
I am also needing a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
what is the price range?|It's moderate. Did you want to book?
Yes please, 4 people for 3 nights starting from friday.  I will need the reference number.|Okay, you got it. Booking was successful, and your reference number is VSC3P8W2.
Thank you so much!  That's all I need for the moment.|Have a pleasant day, goodbye.
Hi, how are you?  Can you help me find an expensive place to stay that includes free wifi?|We have 5 such places! Any preference on area?
Yes, I need a hotel in the north, close to the airport, thanks.|Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north that include free wifi. Would you like to change your criteria?
Well, can you check in other areas?|I recommend either the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west or the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Would one of them work for you?
Could you give me the phone number of the Marriott please?|The phone number for the huntingdon marriott hotel is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful stay!
I want to stay at a guest house, in the south.|Yes I have two in the moderate price range and on in the cheap price range, any preference?
I will need free internet.|They all have free internet. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. Please book 4 people for 5 nights starting thursday.|I was able to get a room for you at aylesbray lodge. Your reference number is bb07ctao. Anything else?
No that is all. Thanks!|Have a great day!
You too thank you! Goodbye.|If you need further help, let us know. Bye, thank you.
I want a train leaving on saturday.|Where are you departing from, and what is your destination?
I am departing from bishops stortford and I would like to go to cambridge.|There are no trains leaving from that location.
Hmm, can you double check? I would be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge for Saturday.|Of course! I have found 10 trains departing from Bishops Stortford towards Cambridge. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after 19:45|Train TR1382 leaves at 21:29 and arrives by 22:07, would you like me to book that for you?
Can you please provide the price and travel time.   I am also looking for a cheap guesthouse in the east with a 4 star rating.|8.08 pounds per ticket and the ride is 38 minutes
Thank you. So what do you have for guesthouses?|We have 24 guesthouse options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price, star or parking and internet availability?
Yes please make sure the guesthouse has internet and please provide me with the address and phone number.|I found the a and b guest house. the address is 124 Tenison Road postcode cb12dp. The phone number is 01223315702. May I book it for you?
No that's all, thanks!|I hope you enjoy your stay!
Greetings! I'm looking for the Worth House, I heard it's in Cambridge.|Yes it is in the North and is a cheap 4 star guesthouse.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. Do they have free wifi?|Yes, they have free wifi.  Would you like to book the hotel now?
Yes, I would like to book the hotel now.|How many people will be staying?  Also, when would you like to check in?
Sure, just me. Monday at 12:00 is fine.|How many nights will you be staying?
Just Monday night.|Sure, anything else I can do for you.
What area is the hotel in?|The Worth house is in the North.
What is the price range of that hotel?|Worth House is in the cheap price range. Would you like any more information?
Nope, that's all. Thanks. Bye!|Thank you.  We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.
I'd like to find a train going to Cambridge that leaves on Sunday.|Ok, and where are you departing from?
I would be leaving from Peterborough. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 19:30 though.|Okay, there are a few trains available. What time would you like to depart?
My departure time is flexible.|The earliest train is TR3782 which leaves at 05:19, would you like me to book some tickets for you?
No, that won't be necessary. I would like to get the price, though.|Of course.  The price for the train running from peterborough to cambridge on Sunday is 13.20 pounds.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house.|Okay. It's a 3-star guesthouse in the north area with no internet or parking. Is there more you would like to hear?
That sounds great. Can I just get the postcode please?|The post code of the alpha-milton guest house is cb41xa.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.|Not a problem, please contact us again if you need any further assistance.
Hi, I could use help with my planning.  I am trying to find a place to stay.|Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.|We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?|They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?|Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.|Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from stevenage to cambridge. I want to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.|I have train TR0517 that leaves at 11:54. Would that be something that would work for you?
That's perfect. Could I get the train ID and travel time?|The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You're very welcome! Thank you! Bye!
I'm interested in places that you can get a 1-star room for the night.|We dont have any one star hotels
The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.|I have The Cambridge Belfry, it is cheap and has wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is it a 4 star place?|It is a 4 star hotel.
Sure, please book it for 4 people for 5 nights from saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : XQ9KI92A.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our services. Do you need further assistance?
No, I am done for the day. Thanks again. Bye!|Thank you for calling. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.|What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.|Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.|There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
I need a place to stay in the centre of town.|I can definitely help with that. I have about 5 different options. First of all, may I ask if you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a 2 star guest house.|I am not seeing a 2-star guesthouse or hotel in the centre area.  I have a 4-star and a 0-star guesthouse in the centre, though.
I would like to make a reservation at the 4 star one please.|I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast! Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 5 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.|I am sorry, but those dates are unavailable. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Are you sure? Can you try again? If that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the centre that you can try?|I do apologize! I must have fat fingered it the last time. Clumsy me! Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : Q1DDFWPH.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. Can you help with that?|Yes, I can.  When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Sunday after 18:30.|Okay, trainID TR6697 seems most suitable for you, leaving Kings Lynn on Sunday at 19:11 and arriving in Cambridge by 19:58. The price is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book you in?
Yes, please book the train for 5 people on sunday. Let me know the reference number, if available.|Your reference number is 72DIGGVY. The cost is 39.2 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need, good bye.|Have a nice day.
How's it going? I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please|what is the type of food that you prefer?
North American food please.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is a perfect option for you. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please, a table for two at 17:15 on Friday.|I was able to book a table that they will hold for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MN02CWCF. May I assist you with anything else?
Can you help me find a room in the north part of town?|There are thirteen room options in the north part of town. Do you have any preferences that can help narrow down the options?
I need free parking but other than that I'm not picky.|ok, i have eleven options for you.
Can you suggest one please?|city centre north b and b is a nice guesthouse, would you like me to book you?
No but if you can, please get me their phone number and I'll take it from there.|Their number is 01223312843.
Great, thank you!|city centre north b and b has been notified that you are calling  them shortly.
Thank you so much for all your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
Is there a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking?|Hello, yes there are 6 places to stay in the east part of town with parking. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a place with free wifi as well. Price doesn't matter yet.|All 6 have free wifi included.
Sounds promising.  What type of hotel are the ones you found?|They're mostly Guesthouses, and one hotel.
Can I get more information on the hotel?|The hotel is express by holiday inn cambridge. It is in the east and in the expensive price range. It includes free internet and parking. Shall I book it?
No thanks, I actually have all the information I need. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I have all of the information I need now thanks to you.|Great! Have a great day!
I am looking for an attraction focused on architecture.|All Saints Church is located in the centre of town and has a free entrance fee. Would this suffice?
Can I get the postcode for it as well please?|The postcode is cb58bs
Thanks. Are there any guesthouses nearby? It's okay if it doesn't include internet.|The alpha-milton guest house is a guesthouse in the north area and is moderately priced. It does not have parking or internet. Would you like to book a room?
No. I need free parking and a 4 star rating. Would you possibly have a guesthouse with that.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the same area as All Saints Church and is a guesthouse with 4 stars. It also has free parking and wifi.
That hotel sounds good to me. Thank you.|You're welcome and have a nice day!
How are you doing today? I need to find a hotel on the North side of town that offers internet at no extra charge|do you have a price range in mind?
no, but it should be a guesthouse|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range in the north part of town.
Is that my only option? I need a guesthouse in the north and internet is not important.|No, there are 10 guesthouses in the north. Do you need something specific?
No, please recommend one for me and give me the address.|I still recommend arbury lodge guest house. Its a four star hotel and have very good reviews and it has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can I get the address please?|Yes, it is located at 82 Arbury Road, postcode cb42je.
Thanks.  Are there any restaurants in that area that serve Corsica cuisine?|There are not any Corsica restaurants in that area. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like for me to check?
Yes please give me the name of a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the area.|Hakks, Golden Wok and The Hotspot are all chinese restaurants in the north
Could I make a reservation for 6 people on Tuesday at 13:15 at Golden Wok?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 327PBMAC.
I also need to get a taxi.|No problem, where to where, and when to when?
I need to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant, and I want to be sure I get there by the reservation time.|Booking completed! Booked car type: yellow honda Contact number 07962119630
Thank you for your help!|You are welcome enjoy your day.
I would like a train going to kings lynn.|The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58.  Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after 17:30.|Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday|Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y. You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking.  I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.|Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking.  Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|Sure, what is your price point?
i don't have one. I just need a guesthouse in the north.|There are several options.  Did you have star rating in mind?
No i don't. I just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 1 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday night.|Your reservation at the Worth House for this Wednesday for 4 days 3 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : NASKA6OK.
I would like to get some pricey food too.|Ok i will find you one .Welcome it has been a pleasure to serve you
I need a hotel in the east which includes free wifi.|Yes I have a few in the east that have internet,would you like me to get the information on a few for you?
yes, I would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of east, thank you|I have a few different options available, did you preference a moderate or cheap priced hotel?
I don't have a preference on price. It also doesn't need to have free parking.|I found one option with your preferences, the A and B Guest House. It has a moderate price range and 4 stars.
That sounds lovely. I also am looking for an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range, can you help me?|Absolutely, you have five choices. Would you prefer a place in the south, centre, west, or east side of Cambridge?
I'd like a place in the east, please.|That would be pizza Hut Fen Ditton, what time would you like to go?
I'd like a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday.|I am very sorry I was unable to get a reservation at that time, would you like to try for another time slot?
Yes, let's try a little earlier at 13:45, and I will need a reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Y0GBAGST.
Great, I also need a taxi to commute between two places.|I can help you book a taxi, can you tell me a little more detail about your taxi request?
Sure, I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course I want to get there for that 13:45 reservation.|I have booked a red Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07121756826.
Thank you for all of the helpful information!|Would you like anything else?
Can you get me the contact number for the car?|Yes.  The contact number is 07121756826.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and you have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.|There are 11 places meeting your needs. Do you prefer a guest house or a hotel? Also, do you have a price range in mind?
A hotel and it needs to have free parking.|There are only two hotels that fit your needs. They are the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book a room with either of these?
I'm sorry.  Can you try a guesthouse?  Still north w/free parking.  Thanks and sorry!|The guesthouses in that area range from cheap to moderate in price. I recommend the Archway House, with 4 stars.
Perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on friday.|That booking was unsuccessful, perhaps a shorter stay? Or a different place?
Let's try just one night then.|Excellent.  You are booked- Reference ALKK8MTG.  Anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a multiple sports event. Can you find one for me?|Sure the only one in town is in the east and is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I wanted to stay in the centre.  Can you see if there is something there?|There is not a multiple sports event there,  but there are 4 theatres and one swimming pool.
Are there any colleges? If so, can you choose the best one and give me the address, postcode, and entrance fee?|There are a number of colleges in centre city, I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street, cb21dq, the entrance is free!
Terrific.  I would like to book a taxi between the two places.|Sure!  Can you confirm your departure and arrival locations and a time frame, please?
I want want to leave the hotel by 02:45.|The Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow toyota
Contact number	:	07736257134
I am looking for information about trains going to Cambridge from Leicester on Friday.|Sure, when would you like to arrive by?
I want to arrive by 13:45.|TR3934 looks like your best choice and arrives at 12:54. Would you like for me to book your seats?
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband|I booked 2 seats on the train. Your reference number is W9IWMR5W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you find me a hotel in the west. Free parking, please.|There are two hotels that match your needs.  One is expensive and one is cheap.  Which would you like more information on?
Cheap please. Which one is that?|The cambridge belfry meets your criteria, shall I book it?
Yes. But I just realized that my sister-in-law and her three children will be coming, too. We'll need rooms for all of us, and train tickets for them.|Ok I rebooked your train tickets to get you 6 tickets. Reference number is VAR4DXWR. As for lodging, starting on what day and for how many days is your stay?
It will be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.|I have successfully booked you for 2 nights starting on Wednesday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is XZ7N2YSB. is there anything else you needed help with?
No, thank you! That will be it. Have a good day.|Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.|There are 3 hotels which fit your needs. One is cheap and 2 are expensive. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like a cheap guesthouse.|There are several guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you wish to stay?
No, but I am trying to find rooms for a party of 8 for 2 nights. Could you see who has room for us?|Would you like to try the Alexander Bed and Breakfast first?
Yes, that would be fine.|All right, and can you tell me which day you'll be beginning your stay?
We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. There will be 8 of us.|You are all set at the Alexander B & B.  Reference number M95XHCDT.  Can I find anything else for you today?
Wonderful,  thank you. I am all set.  Bye.|Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant|What type of food are you interested in?
I am not looking for a specific food type but I would like it to be in Centre please.|dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like to make a reservation?
What type of food is that?|That is asian oriental. Is that okay?
Sounds good.  I am also looking for a place to stay in the East.  Can you help me find something?|Sure thing, what price range are you looking for?
im looking for the expensive price range|We have one expensive hotel in the east. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced cheap and has free wifi?|How about autumn house?
Actually, can you find me a cheap place instead?|Autumn house is cheap but it is a guesthouse. Is that okay?
No, I need a hotel please.|I'm sorry, there doesn't appear to be any cheap hotels located in the east.
how about one that has free parking?|no I am sorry something else perhaps?
You mentioned earlier about the Autumn House being a guesthouse that is cheap in the east. I guess I can do a guesthouse. Let's book there please for Friday.|Of course! How many rooms will you require and for how many days?
There will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting Friday please.|Booking was successful. The reference number is : RHFZM04W.
I will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:00. I will need the car type and contact number.|Where are you going?
I am going to the restaurant|Alright, I have you in a yellow volvo and their contact number is 07925575178. How else can I help?
Thank you for the booking of my taxi.  That is all for now.|Enjoy your visit to the restaurant.
can i get a place to go which is a collage?|I can help.  What part of town are you looking to spend time in?
No place in particular, might you suggest one for me please and give me the postcode|queens' college is in the west and has the poccode cb39et
please also find me information about  warkworth house|Warkworth house is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the east end. Would you like to book a stay?
Yeah , 2 people 3 nights on tuesday, I am taking the wife out for a surprise trip.|Oh! What a wonderful surprise! I've booked a room for three nights for the two of you at Warkworth House beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is QHYB953G.
Thank you very much. I think that's all I need today.|So glad we could be of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and I hope your wife enjoys her surprise trip!
I'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?|There are 33 hotels, is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm looking for somewhere classy and expensive, where they don't skimp on amenities like free wifi. Are there any like that?|We have five hotels that meet that criteria. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Are any of them guesthouses?  I would prefer a guesthouse.|No, they're all hotels. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a moderate price range?|There are no expensive guest houses.
I would settle for a moderate price ranged one.|There are some in the north and one in the east.  Does either option sound better?
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. For 4 people for 5 nights on thursday.|Do you want a hotel in the north or east?
It doesn't matter. Whichever one you think is best.|How does acorn guest house sound? They're on 154 chesterton rd and you'd get free parking, too.
Okay great! Can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?|Done! Your reference number is 1CD4LZ9R. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
No that was all I needed thanks so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Can you give me information about the museum of classical archaeology?|The museum is located on Sidgwick Avenue in the west and it is free to get in. Do you need any other information?
Yes I need the phone number.|The phone number is 01223335153.
Thank you! Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Yes what area are you looking to stay in?
The south part of town,please|We have 4 options, any other preferences to help narrow things down?
I would like a star of 4, free parking and free wifi.|We are showing to guest houses in the south area. Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't care about the price of the place.|the aylesbray lodge guest house is moderately priced and is located at 5 mowbray road. would you like me to make a reserevation?
Yes.  I would like to make a reservation for 8 for Friday.|i want to confirm this, do i book for 1 person?
book for two|I have your booking completed and your reference number is: Z38G5W6W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I actually needed a room for 8 and 4 nights starting from Friday.|Okay I've fixed your reservation and the reference number is XTX3KFP2. Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it!  Thank you so much.|You are welcome, have a great day.
I'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to dine. Can you find something that serves jamaican food in the centre?|There are no Jamaican restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another area or another food type?
Are you sure? It should be expensive.|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be a Jamaican restaurant in Centre. Would you like me to look for something else?
I really want jamaican food.  Can you check another area?  If you find one it should be expensive.  If not I'll try Thai in the centre.|that should be bangkok city. its address is 24 Green Street City Centre,cb23jx. you need the phone number?
No thanks. Just go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on thursday.|I have made reservations at Bangkok City for you.  Your reference # is G8TQWL1A. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry to be a bother.  Instead of that reservation, I would be ok with British food.  Is there a British place in the centre?|I cancelled the previous booking for Bangkok city. I found 3 British restaurants in the centre. fitzbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house, and midsummer house restaurant. Any preference?
Okay, can I please have a reservation for Midsummer House Restaurant? Thank you so much for your patience with me!|Ok, I was able to change the booking. Your new reference number is: FLG9ZMC2. Can I help with anything else?
i am also looking for a place to stay in the centre that offers free wifi.|Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a guesthouse in the expensive price range, please.|I'm sorry I didn't pull up any matches.
Are there any other options in the type of hotel, please?|I have two expensive hotels in the center offering wi-fi. Gonville is a 3-star hotel, and University Arms is listed as a four-star property. Both offer free parking as well.
Please book University Arms for 3 people 4 nights on thursday. Send the reference number too ok?|You got it. Your reference number is YUT2VZIR.
Great. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that offers free parking for guests.|sure i have 10 options for you
I would really love a 3 star guesthouse.|Sadly, I don't have anything that fits those requirements. Is there something else I can check for you?
What about something that is moderately priced?|I have 3 that are moderately priced. Would you like one on the south, north, or west end of the city?
Let's go with the north. Can you book me a room there for Thursday please?|I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday or friday.|I was able to book you starting on Thursday, reference #Z1ENBDTH. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the center in the same price range.|There are 31 moderately priced restaurants, any preferences for cuisine or area?
Yes, I would prefer Russian food.|I'm afraid I'm not showing any Russian restaurants in the area. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Hmmm...how about a gastropub instead?|the cow pizza kitchen and bar is on Corn Exchange Street, would you like to book a table?
Sure, I need to make a reservation for Thursday.|Okay and for what time would you like your reservation to be?
It will be at 18:15. I'd like it booked for the same group of people.|Your table is booked, ref #QH14SHYY. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need to know about the restaurant.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.|There are no hotels in that area with free wifi, can I look up a different area or guesthouse?
Yes, I'd like a place in the north with a 4 star rating including free wifi please.|I'm sorry that area doesn't have anything matching those criteria. May I try another area?
Is there a guesthouse?|Yes, the Avalon is exactly what you're looking for. It offers internet (but no parking). Would you like me to book a room for you?
And the Avalon is in what part of town?|Avalon is in the north. Can I book you a room?
No thanks can I just have the address and postcode? I also need help finding a restaurant.|The address is 62 gilbert road and the post code is cb43pd.
Okay, thank you.|Can I help you with any thing else?
Yes I need a romanian place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's expensive.|There are no romanian places at any price range there, but we have 5 expensive restaurants, shalI run another search?
What about Indian food?|I'm sorry. I don't have any expensive Indian restaurants either. Would you be willing to try another price range or area?
No thank you that will be all|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I am looking for information in Cambridge.  I'll be coming in the next few weeks.|What sort of information do you need?
We are visiting and hoping to find some great entertainment in the area.|There are a few, do you have a certain area in mind?
It should be in the centre, , how about one that is in the type of architecture|The Centre has some wonderful architecture. There are several options that do not charge an entrance fee and one that charges 2 pounds. Do you have a preference?
Not really. What's the address and postcode for your favorite one?|great saint mary's church is at market square
What about the post code?|The post code is cb23pq. Anything else?
I need a place to stay - a guesthouse, I think. Perhaps in the north?|Is there a price range you'd like? There are many moderate prices guesthouse, and 2 cheap ones.
I'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it?  I will need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|DO you need free wifi or parking?
No those dont matter to me.|There are actually 9 guesthouses on the north that are moderately priced. Would you like me to select one?
Yes please. I need it for 7 people, 2 nights and starting from Wednesday.|I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Thank you! When you are done I will need the reference number.|Booking was successful at the Avalon.  Your reference number is : 0BMY3Z94. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be l for now, thank you very much|You're welcome, have a good day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that's in a moderate price range. Do you have any recommendations?|For which day would you like the reservation?
This sunday at 15:45.|For how many people would the reservation need?
I need it for 4 people and I would like a confirmation number. Also, can you help me find a guesthouse hotel in the area with free parking?|Alright your reservation is at Yippee Noodle Bar, 40428 King Street City. Confirmation number is 2BGIWWZ6. I'm also showing an opening at Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Is that okay?
Does the hotel include free parking and does it happen to have a 0 star rating?|It has free parking with a 4 star rating
I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars|There are 2 guesthouses meeting your needs. One in the north and one in the centre of town. Which would you prefer?
I'd prefer the one in the centre of town .|That would be the El Shaddai, would you like to book there?
That works okay. Can I get the price range and address?|The price range is cheap, and the address is 41 warkworth street.
Yes, please book that room for me.|Will this just be for you?
Can you let me know if El Shaddai has free wifi?|Yes it does.
Great. That's actually all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need help finding a train.  Can you do that?|Of course. Where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave Liverpool street on Tuesday and arrive in Cambridge.|We have 10 different trains on that day. Do you prefer a particular time?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 08:45.|TR6939 is your best option. It will leave at 05:39 and arrive at 07:07. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, I'll need 7 tickets.|Okay, do you need a reference number?
yes please tyhat you for all your help|OK, you have 7 tickets reserved on TR6939. Total due at the station will be 116.2GBP. Your reference number is OK7WYTNQ.
I also need a place to stay.  2 star is my preference.|okay, what area and price range?
In the west part of town. The price doesn't matter.|I don't have any 2 star hotels in that area. Would you like a different area or a higher rated hotel?
do  you have one with  a star of 4?|I do. We have three options. Two that are cheap and one that's expensive. Do you have a preference?
Try either one of the cheap ones, I need one that can hold my group of 7 for 5 nights on tuesday.|the cambridge belfry was the best match for a large group so I booked you there, the reference number is X33MYBK5 , may I assist with anything else?
No, thank you. That will be all.|Have a great time.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome, and have a great day.
Can you help me look up a particular hotel that I have in mind?|I am happy to help, what was the name of the place?
Its the huntingdon marriot. I'd like to book it for 8 people on 2 nights starting on wednesday, and I'll need a reference number.|Your booking was successful reference number is 1QVLVD25
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.|Okay, the Mahal of Cambridge serves indian food and is located in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please book a table on Wednesday for 8 people at 17:15, I'll need a reference number.|I was able to book it, reference number is T2SNWPJA
Thank you. That's all I need.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Take care. Bye.
Will I be able to find any moderately priced rooms to stay in in the north part of Cambridge?|Definitely! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and do you have a star rating requirement?
I would like a guesthouse. The star rating doesn't matter, but the hotel should include free wifi.|There are a number of guesthouses that fit your criteria. I would recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has a 4-star rating. Does this work for you?
Can you book Acorn Guest House for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|The Acorn Guest House was successfully booked for Friday for 2 nights for 4 guests. Your Reference number is : GWZ3QLV5.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|Can I help with anything else?
I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 12:45.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Where were you wanting to leave from?
I will need to leave from Ely.|Would you like me to book that for you?
I would appreciate that. Is there only one option that arrives by the time I need?|There is a train departure on Friday from Ely to Cambridge that arrives by 11:52.  Do you want that instead?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|That sounds like fun! What information can I help you find?
I need to first find out what train will take me away after I am done.  I need to get to Peterborough on Sunday by 21:45|Where will you be departing from?
Departing from Cambridge. I need the departure time, train ID and price.|Okay, we've got a few options.  The best looks like train TR6958 that leaves Cambridge at 20:34 and arrived in Peterborough at 21:24.  The price is 13.2 pounds.
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the east.|I found the express by holiday inn cambridge. It is a 2 star  expensive hotel free parking and internet. The address is15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.
I need a place to stay. It needs to have free parking.|the acorn guest house is a guesthouse located in the north in the moderate price range, interested in that one?
Is there any 4 star hotels in the east?|There are 3: huntington marriott hotel, the cambridge belfry, and university arms hotel
It doesn't have to be a hotel. I just need something with a 4 star rating with free parking.|May I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse? It's in the north and moderately priced.
I suppose that works, I need to book it for 2 nights starting from Thursday, for 4 people.|It looks like I can't book that at this time, would you like to change your day, or try a different length?
Actually, can you look for a guesthouse with the same specifications?|i could book for you arbury lodge guesthouse
Can you find me a spot to stay with free parking and a 4 star rating?|The Archway House is a four star hotel with free parking. Will that work?
Is it a guesthouse and in the moderate price range?|Yes it's a moderately priced guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
No but I do need the phone number and address.|Sure, the address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need the name of a swimmingpool in town.|I have 4 different swimming pools in town. Is there an area of town you'd like one in?
I have no preference.  Can you pick one for me?  I'll need the postcode and phone number please.|parkside pools is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Can you get me a taxi between the guesthouse and the swimming pool please?|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at 23:15, a midnight swim would hit the spot.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07411725780
That is all I need.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No that's all, thank you.|Have a nice day.
I am trying to find a restaurant in the south of the city that serves modern American food.|I didn't find any modern American restaurants in the south end.  Are you open to other areas?
What about a restaurant there that serves mexican food?|There is one Mexican restaurant in the south. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me more about it?  What is its price range?  Where is it located in the south?|It is in the expensive price range and is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17dy
Sounds delicious, could you book a table for 1 at 17:30 on Tuesday?|I'm sorry that date and time slot is already full. Would you like to try a different date/time?
what about 4:30 on tuesday?|I was able to book a table for 1 at 16:30. Your reference number is P62404I5.
Great! Can you also tell me the address and price range for the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|It is expensive and the address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park
Thank you, that is all I need today.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I need a train to stevenage on saturday.|The earliest train on Saturday leaves at 5:21.  When would you like to depart?
Much later, I can't leave any earlier than 16:15.|How about a 17:21 that will arrive by 18:10?
Ok can you book it for me with a confirm number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MQ8762HX
Thank you. Can you help me find a hotel that has 2 stars and is expensive. I would like free wifi and in the east.|Express by holiday inn cambridge meets all those requirements.  Would you like me to book a room?
I would like to book that for one person for two nights starting Thursday|I have that booked for you, is there anything else you need?
a reference number|Sure, your reference number is O9HUGXCO.
Great, thanks for your help!|You are welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
That is all, thanks!|thank you and enjoy your city stay!
i need a place to stay|Okay, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the expensive range.|I'm sorry I don't have anything that matches that criteria.
Okay. Do you have anything matching that description in the moderate price range instead?|Yes, I have 9 options for you!
Can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday?|Sure, your all set for the acorn house, your confirmation number is C9BFUP76. Anything else today?
I would like something fun to do in the middle of town.|Club Salsa is a fun nightclub in city centre. The address is 1 station road. Is this the type if attraction you were interested in?
I'm actually looking for a place that's considered an entertainment venue.|I'm sorry. There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area I can look at for you?
How about a college instead?|There are 13 colleges to visit in the city centre. If I may recommend something, Gonville and Caius College is quite lovely this time of year, and their entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you get me a taxi to the college.|Sure, are you wanting to depart from Club Salsa? When do you want to arrive by?
I want to leave from the college by 21:45.|a yellow lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07394743524, anything else today?
No, that'll be it for me. Bye|Okay, goodbye and have a great day
Can you recommend a place to stay that has free WiFi?  I need something in the moderate price range.|I have got quite a few that should suit your needs. Is there a preference on what area of town you stay? That might help narrow down the options.
In the centre, please. Also, free parking.|Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets all of your requirements. Would you mind if I searched another area of town?
Can you see if there's anything in the east?|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House. They both have free wifi and parking and they both fall in the moderate price range. Do either of these sound good?
Great.  Can you give me the phone number and address for The Warkworth House?  Also, is it a guest room?|yes, it is a guesthouse and their phone number is 122 336 3682.
Can I have the address of the hotel?|The address is warkworth terrace.
Thank you very much!|You're welcome. What else can I do for you?
Nothing thank you, that's all I need. Have a nice day!|Excellent! I hope the hotel is a pleasure.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.|I have the cambridge belfry hotel located in the west side that has a 4 star rating.  Can I make reservations for you?
Doe it have free wifi?|Yes it does . Would you like a room booked?
Not at this time, can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need information on colleges to see in the west please.|sure, there are five in that area.
I need the address and postcode of one you recommend.|The churchill college is located at storey's way and the postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure. What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to go from the Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. I want to leave the college by 01:45.|Your booking has been completed from Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. The taxi will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07976361000.
I want to find some good places to go in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. What kind of attraction do you want to visit?
It doesn't really matter. What's your recommendation?|Holy Trinity Church is popular for its architecture. Christ's College finds people touring the campus. Or, Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum. Any of those interest you?
Cambridge Contemporary Art, what's their post code?|The post code is CB21SU. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for your help!|My pleasure! Have a good day!
I am looking for the university arms hotel please.|Yes the University Arms hotel is located in the Centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Not now, I just need the address and also to know whether there is free parking.|There is a parking for the hotel, we will be happy to take your reservation at your earliest convenience.
Could you please give me the address of the hotel?|Their address is Regent Street. What else can I help you with?
Thats great thanks.  I am also looking for a college in the centre to visit- can you make a recommendation?|Sure. Christ's college is a nice, free attraction. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, as long as it is in the Centre.  Could I also get the postcode?|The post code is cb23bu and contact number is 01223334900.  Anything else I can assist with?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me between the hotel and the college? I want to leave the college by 3:30|I've booked a taxi for you, it's a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07148390604.
Great, that's all I needed.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel in cambridge that includes free parking and wifi can you help?|There are 29 options. Would you like a recommendation, or do you wish to narrow the search?
How about ones with four stars as well? Does that narrow it down any more?|There are 19 hotels available in the 4 star range. Is there a specific area or price you would like?
Not really, just select one and book it for four people staying four nights froms Tuesday.|I am sorry but I need more information from you. Which area and pricerange do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter to me. I'll be looking for places to visit in the centre, so if one is located there, that's fine.|Okay, I have a cheap guesthouse in the center, and and expensive hotel as well. They both have 4 stars, which one sounds best?
The cheap one is fine. Book it for 4 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday|I have successfully booked a 4 night stay at the alexander bed and breakfast, your reference number is 8BHSGT90.
I would also like to visit an attraction.  I would like to find a college in the centre.|Might I recommend Downing College which has free admission and is located on Regent Street with postcode cb21dq.
Could you get me a phone number for Downing College please?|Their phone number is 01223334860. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|Would you like for me to search for something else.
What's a cheap place to stay that offers free parking?|I'm showing 10 possibilities.  Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Hmm, I do like the east side of the city. Can you look for one there?|There is allenbell, autumn house, and leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I just need the star of the allenbell, the address, and if they have internet.|It has 4 stars, internet and the address is 517a coldham lane.
I need a train as well.|Okay, what is your departing and destination location?
I would be departing from Cambridge and going to birmingham new street.|Okay, what day would you like to leave?
On Saturday, please. I need to arrive by 21:00.|TR5867 leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New street at 18:01 and arrives at 20:44. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, book it for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: OR8B3H41. Is there anything more I can help with?
Thank you very much you were very helpful.|The ride lasts 163 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.|Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.
I am looking for something to do on the north side of town.|You could check out the riverboat georgina, located with the cambridge passenger cruisers at the jubilee house.
Sounds good. What's the address?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Also, can you find me a place to stay, in moderate price and includes free wifi?|There are 17 offerings. What part of town are you interested in?
The part of town doesn't matter, and I don't need free parking.  Which would you recommend?|Is there a price range you would like to look for?
Moderate price range.|The acorn guest house is nice. Would you like to book a reservation there?
I don't need a reservation right now. Just the address, postcode, and number of stars for that hotel, please.|Sure. The address is 154 Chesterton Road, the phone number is 01223353888 and it is a 4 star hotel. Anything else I can help with?
Very well. I also want to book a taxi to take me there, to leave by 10:15.|OK, I have a grey Volvo picking you up at the riverboat georgina and heading to the acorn guest house at 10:15. The contact number is 07727986161. Will that be all?
yes, that is all good bye|Thank you, and have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves malaysian food.|There are no expensive Malaysian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type of food?
No, I was really hoping for Malaysian.|I am very sorry, there are no malaysian restaurant results at all.  Would you like help finding a hotel or attraction?
Maybe later. What about a restaurant that serves indian food with the same specifications?|There are many different Indian options. I can narrow it down for you if you tell me what area you would prefer.
West side would be great.|The 5 indian restaurants are: tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house. Would you like to book a table at one of these places?
Go ahead and book rice boat. Please also give me the postcode and phone number as well.|Great, I'll book a table at rice boat, how many people will be dining and do you have a date and time preference?
I just need the phone number and postcode.|No problem. The postcode is cb39ey and the phone number is 01223302800.
I'll also need a place to stay. A hotel, please, in the same area as the restaurant.|I have two four star hotels that meet your criteria, huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry. Woul you like me to book a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, can I get the address? Oh, and do they have internet?|the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdo and they do have internet.
Excellent. I'd better also book a taxi.|What is the departure site for the taxi and what is your destination?
I'll just need a taxi from the restaurant at 9:00 to the hotel .  Can you provide their contact number and the car type?|Yes! They'll pick you up in a black skoda. Their contact number is 07619432519. How else may I assist you?
That was everything. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and needs a train that will depart from Cambridge on Monday. Can you help me book for one?|Okay! What is your destination?
i'm trying to get to peterborough|There are multiple trains that depart for peterborough. What time would you like to depart at?
I need to arrive in Peterborough by 15:30.|Well, the TR7786 will get you there at 15:24.  Will that work for you?
Can you tell me the travel time and price?|Sure! travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50.
Great I also need a place to stay with free wifi in the cheap price range|I have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
I am looking for a park to go visit.|There are 5 parks here in Cambridge, did you have a particular area of town you'd like?
No, not really, do you think you could recommend one?|Yes. Cherry hinton water play is located in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes. Can I please have the phone number and address?|Certainly. The park is located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a four star hotel in the south.|There are no four star hotels in the area, could I look somewhere else or another star rating?
Are there any four star guesthouses in the South?|There are no four star guesthouses in the South. Is there a different type of four star guesthouses that you are looking for?
How about just any guesthouse in the south, then?|There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you rather have something in the price range of moderate or cheap?
I guess moderate would be better.|I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. It's moderately priced and located in the south with free wifi and parking. Would you like assistance booking there?
OK. Yes, can you book the hotel?|Of course. I just need to know your arrival day, how many nights you'll be staying, and the number of people.
It doesn't matter. None of those matter.|I apologize but it in order to assist you with booking I would need to know how many in your party and the day and length of your stay.
I don't need to book a room. I just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the guesthouse you found.|Sure, aylesbray lodge guest house phone number 01223240089, postcode cb17sr and price range moderate.
Can I also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at 23:30 going to the attraction we discussed?|I have confirmed your taxi, a blue audi will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07496908373. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all, you have answered all my questions|I'm glad we could be of service. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day as well.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Are there any trains running this Friday?|There are lots of trains running on Friday. Do you have specific departure and destination points in mind?
I am leaving cambridge going to norwich on friday anytime after 16:15 will work for me|TR7047 leaves cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in norwich at 17:55.  Will that work?
Thank you - that is exactly what I need|Can I book the train for you or help you with something else?
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre. Internet is not important. Can you help me with that?|There are 3 hotels in the centre of town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
Yes I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|I only am showing 1 it is cityroomz, when were you planning your stay so I can book the room for you?
That is all for the hotel room. could you help me with one last thing? I need the travel time for train TR7047|The total travel time is 79 minutes, just to double check, can I assist with anything else?
I do need a hotel room booked.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
There will be seven of us.|I will book that for you now.
Please get me the reference number too.|Okay, how many days will you be staying?
I'lll be staying 3 nights starting on Tuesday.|You are now booked at Cityroomz! Your reference number is D8MU26MH. Can I help you with anything else?
that's all thanks!|You're welcome, have a good day.
Can you find me a good moderately priced hotel in cambridge?  No guesthouses please.|the cityroomz is located downtown. would you like more info?
Thank you! I am looking for a place in the West part of town, though. Are there any available?|No, I'm sorry. Not in the moderate price range. I do have a cheap 4 star though. Would you like to check it out?
How about any guesthouses that are moderately priced in the west with free parking?|What about the hobsons house with internet and parking?
that sounds good. there will be 7 persons for 3 nights starting on sunday|I was able to book that for you successfully. our reference number is CW5RJ5HB. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to find a restaurant in the same area as my hotel. I don't care about the type of food.|There are 14 options to choose from, is there a particular cuisine you are wanting to try?
I don't care what cuisine, but i'd like one in the moderate price range.|Okay, I see three options here, which are british, indian, or italian food types. I recommend prezzo. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book that restaurant for 7 people on sunday at 11:00|Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the reference number please?|Reference number: D7277SMZ.
I need a taxi to get me to the restaurant please.|And what time would you like the taxi?
I want to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 11:00.|A yellow volvo is booked. contact number: 07514653314
Thanks for all your help!|My pleasure.  Is that all
Yes that should be everything that I need thank you very much for your help.|You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 4 stars?|Of course I would be pleased to help you with that.  I have several options available, are you looking for a specific price range or location?
Somewhere in Cambridge, but I don't have a particular price range at this time.|How about the aylesbray lodge guest house? It's in the south and has free wifi AND free parking. Great deal!
That would be fine. I'll need to book it on Saturday for 5 nights and 3 people.|I've booked the lodge for you on Saturday for five nights and three people. Your reference is N7XG665B. Anything else?
I could use some train information on a trip to Birmingham New Street.|Sure, what is your departure information?
I'm departing from Cambridge. I do need to arrive by 17:45 though.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the departure time.|What day were you looking to travel?
Oh, silly me. Thursday, please.|TR8126 would leave at 15:01 and arrive at 17:44.
Thank you so much. That's all I need.|Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find some european food in Cambridge?|There are 11 European style restaurants. What price ranges are you looking for?
Expensive price range. Please book it for 4 people at 18:15 on Monday|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will definitely need that.|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GDZZ5T1Y.  Can I assist you further?
I also need a place to stay?|There are 33 hotels to choose from. Can we narrow this down? Are you interested in a particular part of town or specific price range?
I do not care about the area but I would like it to be expensive.|I have many to choose from. Do you have a preference for internet or parking?
Yes, I would like it to have internet.|I found 5 hotels matching your request.  I would recommend Huntingdon Marriott Hotel located in the west.  It has a 4 star rating.
How about price range? The hotel should also be very expensive. I won't settle for less and neither will Fi-Fi.|How about the Gonville Hotel which is centrally located? It has internet and is expensive.
That sounds perfect. Let's book it.|Alright! How many people will be staying starting what day?
4 people will be staying|On what day will you be checking in?
I will be staying on Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : M6FRXJOV.
That is all, thanks.|Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us. Enjoy your stay.
I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.|Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.|Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after 14:45.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.|I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|I have many. Is there a certain area you are looking for?
Yes it can be in centre. I would like to book it for 1 person at 20:00 on Saturday.|OK, I booked a table for you at Saffron Brasserie. Your reference number is 65G14AF2. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks, that will everything.|Thank you for using our service today.
You're welcome, thanks.|Are you sure there is nothing else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a guesthouse in the north.  I want it to have 2 stars.|There are no guesthouses that meet your criteria, can I check something else for you?
Are there any hotels in that area instead of guesthouses?|There is the ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is there a room at the Lovell Lodge available for 1 person on Saturday for 3 nights?|You are all booked! Reference number is 6O4VAAHM.
Great, thanks! Now I'd just like a taxi to take me from Lovell Lodge to Saffron Brasserie by 20:00. Please give me the car and contact info|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07515009678
Thanks that will be all. Goodbye|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.
Hello!  I need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a moderate price range?|Sure, what area would you like to stay in?
In the East.|I have three places, will you need parking?
I don't need parking, but the I'd prefer to stay in a guesthouse.|How about the Warkworth House? They're a moderate guesthouse in the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please.  I'd like to book for 4 people for 2 nights staring on Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6DRA6J6P.
Thanks! I also need a train to Stansted.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday after 8:30 to go to the Stansted airport.|How about the TR0797 train? It leaves Cambridge at 8:40 and arrives at Stansted at 09:08.
That sounds perfect, can you book my same group some tickets?|Train TR0797 is booked for 4.  Your reference number is O925IZ27 and the total cost payable at the station is 40.4.
Thank you very much, that will be all for today.|Thank you and enjoy your travels. Have a great day!
looking for places to go in town and be in the South|What type of attraction are you looking for?
The attraction should be in the south.|how about nusha? it's located in the south.
What's the entrance fee?|Unfortunately, Nusha has not provided any information on entrance fees. I can seek other options, if you'd like.
then find me a particular hotel called cityroomz|There is a hotel called Cityroomz in centre located at Sleeperz Hotel, station road. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it.|When will you start your stay?
I need it for Thursday night, for four nights, for 4 people.  I'll also need a taxi by 10:15.  I need the car type and contact number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Y3CFU8WN.
Thank you. I'd also like to book a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 10:15.|Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07264671188   All set.  What else can I help with today?
I think I got everything I need thanks to you!|Well, you are very welcome.  I hope you have a great time!
Find me an expensive place to stay on the south side, please.|There is only one expensive hotel on the south side. Would you like to book at The Lensfield Hotel?
Could you tell me if The Lensfield Hotel has at least a 4 star rating?|It has a 3 star rating.
I see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the south side?|No, The only hotel I see has a 3 star rating.
How about a hotel in the cheap price range?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse is a 4 star.
Yes I would like to make a booking.|Okay, how many guests and how many nights would you like me to book?
You know I also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the south area.|You have your choice of The Lucky Star, with Chinese cuisine, or Nandos, a portuguese restaurant.
Lets go with The Lucky Star. I need a table for 8 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Great it's all booked the reference number is MXDZ66IK
I would also like a taxi to arrive by my booked time. can i have the taxi contact number and car type|Sure, the car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07235433780. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is all. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Could you help me find a train to norwich?|Not a problem. Where are you departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I want to leave from cambridge on wednesday.|What time of day would you like to travel?
I don't have a preferred departure time but the train should arrive by 18:15.|TR1871 arrives by 16:55 and TR6838 arrives by 17:55. They are both the same price. Would you like to book one of these?
Book the TR6838 please. I'm also looking for a place to stay if you don't mind.|I have several different hotels. Are you wanting a certain area of town or any special accommodations?
I would prefer it to be a 4 star hotel, with free parking.|We have several hotels that meet your requirements. Would you prefer a hotel that is cheap or moderate in price?
Oh, I really don't worry about the price, so long as it has four stars and free parking.|Alright, might I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast then?
That sounds great - I want to book it for 5 people for two nights starting Monday.|Alright, I have your party booked at the Alexander. The reference number is : G2YMGI0L. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|Certainly. When would you like to depart?
Sometime after 12:15 on Saturday, please.|Where would you like to depart from?
From Leicester. There will be 6 of us. And I'll need a reference number as well.|TR0662 departs at 13:09 and arrives at 14:54 cost is 30.24 pounds per person, before I book you for 6, can I once more confirm this is ok?
that is right. also find me a please to stay.|We have 33 fine places to stay all over Cambridge. Is there a certain area or price range you had in mind?
Pricing should be somewhere in the mid range, and I would like free parking. Could I get the reference number for the train please?|VKJGWFNR is the referance number for the train. There are also several hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like me to recommend one?
yes but it should include free wifi|If you would like to stay in the east, I recommend the carolina bed and breakfast. It's on 138 perne road. Would you liek me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will be on the same day, same people, and 5 nights.|great, ref # is 33TX20TD, anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
Hello.  I need to catch a train leaving on Monday.  Can you help me find something?|Yeah sure but you need a departure/arrival city and time.
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by 12:45|TR5431 fits your criteria and will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, could you book 3 tickets and provide the reference number please.|Reference number is : 4HWC0OMV. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find out some information about the lensfield hotel|Ah, yes, the Lensfield is a very nice hotel. It's on the south end of the city and is quite expensive, but they have free wifi. Would you like a room?
No, but can you provide their address. Oh, and do they have free parking?|Their address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and they do offer free parking
Excellent. That's all I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Have a good day.
I need a train to Norwich. I need to get there right before 20:45.|And what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday.|The train that arrives closest to 20:45 is TR9083 arriving at 19:55. Shall I book it?
Yes, I will need tickets for 5 people please and a reference number.|I was able to book that for you. The total fee is 70.4 GBP and the reference number is LIW5CYJ0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere nice to stay, too. Can you help me find a hotel?|Yes, I can definitely help you with a hotel.  Do you have a price range, hotel type, or area that you are wanting to stay?
I would like an expensive guesthouse that includes free wifi and has at least 4 stars.|I'm sorry I have no expensive guest houses listed. Could I perhaps interest you in a more moderately priced guesthouse?
How about simply a cheap one?|There are 7 options available. Is there a specific area that you prefer?
No, I just need a place I can stay for 3 nights for our group starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, all hotels are asking you to book another day, or a shorter stay.
Can you check again? A cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting Saturday, for 5 people?|I did find a hotel for you. We've booked you at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 244GZSGM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for info about a hotel called city centre north b and b. Can you help?|Yes. City Centre North B and B is a guesthouse in the north side of town, that has both free internet and parking. Do you want to book a room?
No thanks. No need to book today. Can I get the price range for them though?|It's listed as in the cheap price range.
Ok, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|There are several what day and time do you need the train?
I'll be leaving Monday after 15:30.|TR2630 leaves at 17:29. Would you like for me to book the train for you?
Yes I would like to book the train for 4 people and I'll need the reference number please.|I'm sorry, I gave you the wrong Train Number it is TR2530 not 2630.  Ref no is : 0ES63CK2.  The total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank you.|Okay, well you have a great day!
Thanks again for the help. Good bye.|Text us back if you need any further assistance. Bye-bye!
I am looking for a cheap hotel on the east.|I have listings for 3 guesthouses would that be okay?
Can you give me one that has free wifi and free parking?|The 3 guesthouses mentioned all have free wifi and parking. I recommend the Allenbell.
The Allenbell sounds perfect. Can you book it for me for tuesday?|How many days would you like to stay?
I would like to stay for 2 nights please.|How many people would you like to book for?
My party will consist of 5 people.  May I please get a reference number?|Your booking at the Allenbell was successful. Your reference number is PV039AJH.
I also need a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.|Okay what day will you be travelling and what time would you like to travel?
Tuesday, I want to arrive at 20:15.|The latest train gets into Cambridge on tuesday is at 18:43.  Will that work for you?
It might, what time does the train depart?|It leaves at 17:54, would you like a booking?
No thanks.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I am happy to help, can you please give me some information on what you would like me to search for?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge in the expensive range with a 0 star rating that includes free parking.|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any options for an expensive place to stay with a 0 rating and free parking. Should I look for something else?
How about one with a 4-star rating?|There are 2 hotels that meet your needs, one in the west and one in the city centre. Do you have a preference on where you'd like to stay?
The one in the west will be fine. I'll need the address, postcode, and if they have free internet.|Sure their address kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon and the postcode is pe296fl and they do have free wifi.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please find me a train that goes to Ely, leaving on Friday?|We have 10 trains that leave every two hours starting at 5:50, any time preferences?
I need to leave after 10:30.|TR0767 leaves at11:50 on Friday morning, arriving 12:07. Price is 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes please. Book it fror friday, 2 peopl. I'll need a reference number as well please.|I will complete that booking for you now.
Okay. Great. Can I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is IWVOH34O.
Ok. Thanks.  Nothing further.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?|Of course, do you need anything specific?
Yes. The hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.|We have three choices, any other preferences?
As long as it is a hotel, I would like to book it.|How many nights and for how many people?
I would like it starting Thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.|I will need the day you want to arrive.
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.|We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.|Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.|I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.|Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Are there any theatres in Cambridge, particularly close to the city centre?|There are four theatres in that area. Cambridge arts theatre is a nice one in that area.
Wonderful.  Can you get me the address and postcode?|Sure, the address is 6 saint edward's passage and the post code is cb23pj.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a hotel in the north.  I want something with a 3 star rating.  Are there any available?|Yes I have two both in the moderate price range. Any preference for amenities?
I don't mind something a bit pricey, and I definitely need wifi.|Hamilton Lodge has free wifi and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds perfect.  Yes, I would like to book a room please.|When will you be arriving and how many nights will you be staying? How many in your party?
It will just be me.  I will be arriving Tuesday and staying for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is 9MSRK9GO. Do you need help with anything else?
I will need a taxi to go from the theatre to the hotel. Can you help me with that?|I sure can. What time would you like the taxi be there?
I would like the taxi to be there by 04:30.  Also could i have the contact number of the taxi?|Booking completed! Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number	: 07836799900
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Great enjoy your visit!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi?|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel with a moderate price range that includes free parking also.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are 2 hotels in the north area in the moderate price range, both have 2 stars and free parking and internet.
3 people and 3 nights starting from friday at ashley|Would you like me to make a booking for either one? Which one do you prefer?
any of your choice.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is TJSXO54D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge, can you help me?|Okay! What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave after 14:00. And it's how i'm getting to cambridge, so friday.|Okay, the TR6247 leaves at 14:09. Would you like me to book tickets?
No thank, just need total travel time and price.|Prices is 37.80 pounds per person, the total duration of the trip is 105 minutes.  Any other questions today?
No, that is everything I need. Thanks for your help!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all, thank you for your help.|Have a pleasant stay at the Ashley and a wonderful trip. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.|Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?|Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.|I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
I am looking to book a train for the three of us from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|And where would you like to go today?
Ummm I literally just told you Birmingham New Street, and I'm not traveling today Im traveling Wednesday! Please pay attention|Is there a certain time that you would like to arrive?
We will be ready to leave after 14:30. Arrival time is not as important to us.|There is one that leaves after 15:01.
That sounds perfect. I need reservations for 3.|Train TR4488	arrives at	birmingham new street and cost 75.10 pounds
What is the  closest four  star hotel with free wifi?|What is your location preference?
Location is not a priority, it could be a hotel or guesthouse, either way is fine.|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.  Will that work for you?
Is this a cheap place to stay? I really want to book a cheap place.|The Acorn is moderately priced. We do have some cheap ones with 4 stars and the internet. The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel that fits your description.
Yes, can you please book The Cambridge Belfry for me for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday. If Sunday is not available, Monday is also okay.|Yes, I've made the booking for you and your reference number is FTZQCNPH.
Thank you. Could you recommend a place to go in the centre of town?|sure, how about the fez club?
That will work can I get the address please?|Yes, it is located at 8 Market Passage, postcode cb23hx.  What else can I assist you with today?
Is there a entrance fee?|Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
I need the phone number as well please.|sorry about that it is 01223519224, anything else today?
That will be it for now.  Have a good day!  Thank you!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay! Good-bye.
I need a train arriving in Cambridge by 20:45.|There are many trains arriving at Cambridge by 20:45. Where would you be departing from, and on which day?
I will be departing from stansted airport on wednesday.|What time would you like to depart from Stansted airport?
The departing time is flexible, I just need to get to cambridge by 20:45 please and may I have the price as well?|I have a train arriving in in Cambridge at 5:52pm on that day. The price is 10.10 pounds. Will this work for you?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay.|Your train reference number is 4FQ0OYNJ. As for lodging, what type of establishment, price range, or area can I look for?
I would like a three star hotel that is expensive.|There are 2 hotels matching that criteria: Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel.
OK, I need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you tell me which of the two hotels are available then?|The Gonville Hotel is available, and your reference number is 7JS42213.
Oh! Great. Thank you, that's all I need today.|I'm glad I could be of help, enjoy your stay!
I am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking, do you know of any?|There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. What are your preferences for area or price range so I can narrow the search?
I don't care what the price is but do you have anything in the east?|I have 5 hotels in the east. Three are inexpensive and two are moderately priced. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.|Would you prefer one with free internet?
That doesn't matter to me.|Okay, I've booked you at Autumn House with reference number 6OSPYSH1. May I help with anything else?
That's all I need right now. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Thank you for using our system!
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.|Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|The Hamilton Lodge has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT.
Can I cancel the reservation with you?|I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.|May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and I'm going to Birmingham New Street.|what about TR1773? it leaves at 09:01
I'll need to arrive by 09:30.|We have 3 trains that match that criteria. One leaves at 05:01, another at 06:01 and another at 23:01. Which one would you like me to book for you?
what time does the one that leaves at 06:01 arrive in birmingham new street?|That arrives at 08:44, which means you'd have about 45 minutes before 09:30. Will that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : SEX3RXHL.
Thank you that is all I need.|All right, I'm glad that I could be of help!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of guesthouse.|We actually have no 1-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different search?
well anything with free parking.|Is location important?
Actually, if you don't have any 1 star guesthouses, how about a 4 star guesthouse, with free parking.|We have many options so let's narrow the list if we can. Would you rather a guesthouse in the north area of town?
I do not care book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VRX2L3AY.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to go? maybe a park.|milton county park is in the north area and has no entrance fee.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what was the name of the guesthouse you booked for me?|I'm sorry about that! it is the acorn guest house.
Can I get a taxi between Acorn and the park?|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by 04:00|You are set, looking for a grey Honda, if any issues, they can be reached at 07880531518
Great that's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'd like some information about the University Arms Hotel.|sure.  it is 4 stars and expensive.  they have internet, free parking & located in the center on regent street.  phone number 0122331241. shall i make a reservation?
No I just needed to know the information. Thank you, that's all I needed.|Have a great visit and please call back if you need additional help.
Actually, I'd like some information about an attraction in the centre dealing with multiple sports.|I could not find any attractions for multiple sports in the centre of town. Is there perhaps another attraction type or area of town I could search for you?
How about a college in the same area?|There are 5 colleges in the centre. Corpus Christi or Downing College are very nice. Would you like more information about one of them?
Can you give me the phone number and address for Corpus Christi College?|Sure, their phone number is 01223338000. There will be an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Great, and what is the address?  Also, can I just confirm that University Arms Hotel is actually a hotel?  I don't like guest houses.|Yes, it is a hotel.  Any other questions that I can help with today?
If I can just get the address of the University Arms Hotel please. Thanks.|Sure, the address listed for University Arms is regent street, postcode cb21ad. What else can I help with today?
I never got the address for Corpus Christi College. Could you give that to me?|Certainly! The address is king's parade, is that all you needed?
Yes that's everything, thank you. Goodnight.|Thank you for contacting  the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye.
I need to go to london kings cross by train|Okay! Do you know where you want to depart from or the day of the trip?
yeah. Cambridge to london kings cross.The train should leave after 15:30 on Friday|TR6626 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00. Would that work for you?
Anything leaving a little bit earlier but after 15:30?|Actually, that is the earliest train available that leaves after 15:30. The next train before that departs at 15:00 which wouldn't fit your criteria. Would you like to book any tickets?
I guess that will have to do.  Go ahead and book it.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 23ELORQB.
I also need a place to stay.|I can help you with that, but let me gather a few more details.  What area of town would you like to visit?
The North, please. Also, I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|How many stars would you like?
Any is fine, as long as it has free parking.|There are two options. City centre noth b and b and worth house. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
Not yet.  Can you just give me the phone number and postcode of the Worth House?|Sure.  The phone number is 01223316074 and the postcode is cb41da.
Why thank you for your kind help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks for all the help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
Hi, I need to locate a train to Leicester that will arrive by 16:45.|Okay we can do that. Where are you departing from?
Leaving from Cambridge this coming Thursday.|You have several choices. Trains leave Cambridge at 5:21, 6:21, 7:21, 8:21, and 9:21.  The 9:21 arrives at 11:06. Shall I book one of these ?
OK I need one that arrives at 15:45 and I will need the travel time and the train ID.|The closest I have to that is a train arriving at 15:06  and takes  105 minutes to arrive. The train ID for this journey is TR1160. Would you like a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.|Is there anything that I may help you with today?
Yes, I was also looking for a place to stay somewhere in the north.|sure, what price range?
In the moderate price range, please.|I'm trying to narrow 11 choices down.  Would you want free parking or free internet?
free parking, please.|How about Archway House in the north? It has free parking and free Internet. It gets 4 stars. Would you like to book this one?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 6 people. We'd love to check in on Sunday|Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is PA8I7W04.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|Have a nice day.
I would like to book a train from Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 202 trains leaving from Cambridge that day. Where would you like to travel to?
I'd like to go to Norwich.|There are 19 trains available on Thursday.  What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on the first train after 9:30. Can I get the travel time, train ID and price please?|OK, TR1584 costs 17.60 pounds and leaves at 9:36. The travel time is 79 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'll think about it. I will also need a place to stay 3 star please and free wifi.|There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a certain price range or part of town?
Cheap price range please|There are no cheap hotels with 3 stars and free wifi. Would you be interested in a moderately priced one instead?
Yes, what moderate hotels are in the area?|There are no hotels with the moderate price range, but we do have three different guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating.
Can you book one for me? I need a room for 5 people starting on Monday. We would be staying 3 nights.|Fantastic, I have booked you at the Bridge Guest House. Your reference no. is 7XMDDV3L. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you goodbye.|Glad I could be of service, goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place that offers free wifi.|There are 21 hotels that meet the description. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
No particular area but it should have free parking too.|Okay.  I would recommend Archway House, which is at 52 Gilbert Road and has everything you're looking for.  Does that sound good?
Yes, that does sound good. Can you book a room for 7 people for me for 3 nights starting from Sunday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 40N5I5FN. anything else i could help you with?
great, thanks. I need also a chinese restaurant in moderate price range?|There are some excellent chinese restaurants in that price range. Do you have a location preference?
The location doesn't matter. I just need a Chinese restaurant that is moderately priced. Thanks.|The Jinling Noodle Bar meets your criteria, should I book it for you?
Please do. I want it for 7 people on sunday at 16:00. Please provide the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RQHOVD73. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for today.  Thanks for all your help.  Have a great day!|thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
I would like to book a room at the Worth House.|Ok.  For how many nights?
1 person for 3 nights, please. I'll arrive on Tuesday.|Great! Your booking number is DE8SOFFL. How else can I help?
Thanks, that is all I need.|You're very welcome! Have fun!
I'm looking for a hotel, can you help?|I can, we have 9 hotels, do you have anything else to narrow it down?
It should be in the centre and be on the expensive side.|I have 2 available hotels. One is the Gonville Hotel located on Gonville Place. The other is University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Which one would you like to book?
Can you book the one without wifi?|they both have internet, for what days and how many people should I book?
Do either of them offer free wifi?|As previously mentioned, they both have internet available.  I don't have specifications about the internet service however.  Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, please book for two nights beginning on Sunday for one person.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is ELYPAXQZ.
Thank you.  I'm also looking for a museum to go to in the same area.|there are 11 all with free entrance. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Can I get the address and phone number for the one you reccommend?|castle galleries is a nice place, their address is unit su43 grande arcade st andrews st and their postcode is cb23bj, anything else today?
Do you have there phone number?|Their phone is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi going between the two places.|What time do you need the taxi, and which is the destination site?
I want to arrive at the Castle Galleries by 11:15.|Your white ford taxi booking was successful. Its contact number is 07580691974.
Ok, thank you for the help.|Was there anything else you needed today?
Hi, I'll be traveling to cambridge and am excited to find some places to go. Can you help me?|I will be more than happy to assist you. Please tell me what kind of attractions you are interested in? There are many categories of attractions in the Cambridge area.
im looking for a museum in the centre. may i also have the postcode and phone number for them as well?|The Broughton house gallery is in the centre. It's postcode is cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a guesthouse in the north.|What is your price range?
Any range is fine but it needs to include free wifi and parking.|Okay, I have 9 guesthouses that fit your needs. Are you looking for a particular star rating?
I do not. Can you recommend one?|I can recommend the City Centre North B and B. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I'll need rooms for 4 people reserved for 4 nights, beginning Saturday. Can  I have the reference number for that booking?|Reference number is LFBB6YNO.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will the taxi be picking you up at the hotel or at the museum?
I need picked up at the hotel by 9:15 please.|Your taxi is booked.  Look for a blue ford, their contact number is 07211297115.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is wonderful.  Have a nice day and thank you.  Bye.|You're welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Thank you and Goodbye,|If you need anything fell free to call us.
i need places to go in town|What did you have in mind?
Do you happen to have any entertainment places in the centre of town to visit?|We have museums, colleges, and interesting architecture, as well as many other choices in the center of town.
Any type will do, as long as its in the centre. Can you recommend something?|Ballare, a beautiful new nightclub just opened up in the center. Entrance is just 5 pounds, would you like more information on Ballare?
Yes, can I have their address with postcode?|The postal code is cb23na and the address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I assist you further?
Yes, can I please have car type and contact number?|It seems like you are asking for a taxi. Where are you departing from and where is your destination, please?
Yes, sorry for the confusion. I want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at 05:00 and my destination is Ballare. Please give me car type and contact number|Sorry, you'll need to be more clear on your departure site please. Is there a specific hotel you're looking for?
Something in the same neighborhood, and that has wifi and parking.|I have 4 locations in the centre of town with free parking and WiFi. Would you like to book one?
I am looking for a guesthouse if there is one?|Alexander Bed and Breakfast meets your requirements.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes on Friday. I need a taxi too.|Will that be to or from the club and what time?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00.|Your all set a blue bmw will be picking you up at 5 the contact number is 07398420565, is there anything else today?
Thanks so much you have been a great help to  me.|You are welcome have a great stay.
I am looking for a park in the west area.|Unfortunately there are no parks in the west. Wanna try another area?
How about museums in the west?|Yes and Lynne Strover Gallery is a nice one and it is free. Would you like their information?
Yes please give me their address.|Yes the address is 23 high street, fen dilton.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking please.|There are 21 options. Do you have a preference for star rating, area or pricerange?
I want it to be rated 4 stars and have wifi included|There are 16 to choose from. Does price range or area matter to you?
No that does not matter to me, I just need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.  I'll need a reference number.|Booking was successful at the acorn house, reference number is Q3ABQGJE, is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to pick me up at 19:15 from the attraction and take me to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info.|The taxi will be a blue tesla
Contact number	:	07110094473
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a train to Norwich, leaving after 21:30.|On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge|ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?|The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich  will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?|This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book this for you?
I want to find a place to stay with free wifi.  It doesn't have to have free parking though.|The acorn guest house will meet your needs. Would you like to book a room there?
Is that a 4-star hotel? I do prefer a 4-star place.|Yes, the acorn guest house is a 4-star place
Ok, that sounds good, lets book a room please.|Sure thing! I just need to know what day you'll be arriving, how many nights you'll be staying, and how many people are in your party to be able to book.
First, I need the price, phone number, and postcode there.|The acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da, phone 01223353888. The price is in the moderate range. Shall I book a room for you?
Thank you! I am also searching for The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.|Certainly, the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south part of town. Can I book at table for you, if so how many will be dining.
I want to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday.|The restaurant has been booked for two people Sunday at 12:30. Your reference code is COB6X9IP.
Great, thanks! That is all I needed for today.|It has been my pleasure. We hope you enjoy your time here in Cambridge and feel free to contact us if you need any further assistance.
There's a place I've heard of that I'm looking for more details. Warkworth House. Do you know of it?|The Warkworth House is a 4-star guesthouse in the east that is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : SNGZ3N0D.
Thank you for your help!|You are more than welcome!
Where is the closest pizza joint?|What area of town will you be in?
Well, I'm wanting to visit a park as well.  Let's find that first.|Wandlebury Country Park is in the South.  It is very nice.  There is also Cherry Hinton Water Play in the East. Do either of those sound suitable?
Wandlebery sounds good, can I get the phone number, area, and postcode?|Wandlebury country park is in the south area, postcode cb223ae and phone is 01223243830.
Can you book it for me?|It is a public park. You can just walk through it without a booking.
Okay great thanks so much.|Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I need a cheap hotel for 8 people 2 nights starting Tuesday please|I am happy to book, but lets find you a place.  Any preference on area?  Are ratings or type of place a factor?
I'd like to find something in the south. It also needs to have free parking.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the south. It has 4 stars and provides free wifi and parking. Does this sound OK to you?
Yes please. Can you please book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Sure thing. I just booked it. Your ref number is Q2JZ0UIL.
Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all. Thanks for your help today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
I need help finding a train out of kings lynn.|Trains begin leaving Kings Lynn at 5:11, may I know your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge and I need to be there by 11:30.|I have train TR3225 that arrives at 10:58 is that good for you?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people.  Can I have the reference number?|I apologize the system is down please try back later
Is the system back up?  Can you make that booking I asked for.?|Would day do you want to travel on ?
I want to travel on Friday.|You are booked for train ID TR1958. Your reference number is H8N2SC1Z. The total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
Thank you! Can you also please recommend a 4-star guesthouse?|a and b guesthouse is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Sure that sounds great. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights starting on friday.|You are all set, your confirmation number is 1Q0G4OWL, can I assist with anything else?
No that would be it thanks !|You're welcome, I'm glad to have helped! Bye now!
Well, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a place to stay.|I have 33 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I don't have a particular area.  It does need to be moderately priced.|Do you have a parking or internet preference?
Yes, I'd like free parking and free wifi. Thanks!|I have 14 hotels that meet your criteria. I can narrow that down further depending on which part of town you want to stay in.
I would like to to be a guesthouse.|There are 12 guest houses that are moderate pricing and offer both free parking and Internet what part of town do you want
Could you please find me a 4 star guesthouse|I found Acorn Guest House would that work for you?
Yes. Will you please make me a reservation?|Sure.  When will you check in and how long would you like to stay for?  Will it be just for yourself?
It's going to be for 8 people and 2 nights, starting Thursday.|I'm afraid that isn't available.  Could you book a different arrival day, or a shorter stay?
What about for just one night?|The booking is successful for 1 night. The reference number is NNA3OC5W. May I help you with anything else?
That is all! Thanks!|It was my pleasure. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that offers free parking.|I have many options available. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, actually I prefer to stay in the south part of town. And I would love something that offers free wifi.|The aylesbray lodge guest house meets all of your requirements and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 8 people, please?|Of course! When would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, please.  Is that available?|Great! Your room has been booked for 3 nights starting Wednesday and your reference number is NVZNJX13. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, are there any kind of boat tours available through town?|There are a few.  Do you care what part of town?
In the centre of town, if possible.|Yes there are two companies that offer boat tours in the centre of town, Scudamores Punting and The Cambridge Punter.  Would you like more information?
Sure but I also need to book a taxi to leave the attraction by 6:45.|Ok. I can help you book a taxi from Scudamores Punting. Where do you want to go from there?
To my hotel.|Great! I have booked your taxi, which should be a White BMW and its contact number is 07719541714.
Great, thank you!|May I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks|It was a pleasure assisting you. Enjoy your stay.
Hello, I'd like to get some info about a restaurant in Cambridge!|OK, do you need information on a specific restaurant or do you want me to run a search?
I want an expensive indian restaurant, please.|I have 14 entries showing. Would you like a certain area of town or I could recommend the cocum in the west area?
I'll give the Cocum a try. Please book a table for 6 for 12:45 on Thursday.|Reference number is : HEBFPW6J. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel to stay at.|I have one in the south and one in the centre.  They are both expensive, with free parking and wifi.  Can I help you make a booking at one?
I'll go with the one in the south. I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights from thursday.|gonville hotel is a nice place ,I will book it for you
Yes please.|Our reservation system seems to be having trouble. In the meantime let me double check on the amenities. The Gonville is a hotel rather than a guesthouse - is that okay?
Can you try that booking now and see if it will go through this time?|Unfortunately, the booking system is still down.
Can you find a taxi for me?|What time will you need a taxi?
I need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by 12:45|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F5HL5G1J.  is for your hotel.
Thats it thanks|Glad I can help. Do you need anything else ?
I'm sorry, what did you say? Is that reference number for the hotel or taxi?|That's the reference number for the hotel.
Okay can you do the taxi now please?|Yes, a red skoda is booked now. The number is 07003213138
Great, that's all I need. Ta ta.|Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'd like to find out if there's a particular attraction in Cambridge called kambar|Yes, Kambar is a nightclub in the centre of town.  Can I give you some information on it?
Yes please, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address?|Sure the address is 1 wheeler street,postcode is cb23qb and the phone number is 01223842725.
I am also looking for a really pricey Guesthouse.|I'm sorry, I don't know of any expensive guest houses.  Can I look for something else for you?
Hmm. Do you have any guest houses in the east with free wifi?|Yes, there are a few of them.  What price ranger would you like?
I'd like a cheap one if that's fine.|I recommend allenbell.  It has 4 stars and is in your price range.  May I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it to start on Tuesday and go for 5 nights. It will be 2 people.|I have made your reservation for the Allenbell for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is PYY0CNUX. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No thanks. That takes care of all I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
I would like to book a train.|What day do you need the train? What is your destination?
I am sorry I mean I want a nightclub to go in the wast side of town.|Unfortunately, there aren't any in that area. How about another location?
how about one that is in the type of museum.and make 
Make sure you get address|Kettle's yard is  museum in the west part of town.  It is located on castle street.
I also need a moderate priced room.|great! what area of town are you thinking of?
I'd like it to be a guest house in the north.|okay, I can help you with that. When are you planning your stay?
I'm not sure yet. I'm really researching right now. Can you please recommend a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range?|I've got 9 guesthouses in that price range.  Do you need internet and/or parking?
No but I do need to know if they have internet, free parking, and the address of the guesthouse of your choice, thanks!|I have found 7 hotels now that match your criteria for parking and internet. Would you like me to choose on for you?
Yes, please tell me your favorite guesthouse in the north and let me know their address and whether they offer free Internet and parking.|I recommend Acorn Guesthouse. They are in the moderate price range and have 4 stars. They offer both free internet and parking. May I reserve you any rooms?
Yes, please, I would appreciate that.|Ok great, and how many people and nights?
I actually don't need a room. I just need the address please.|154 chesterton road
Thank you, that is everything, sorry for being so annoying in the process.|No worries at all. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the southern part of town.|Would you be interested in a museum?  The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Way in the south.
That sounds good. Can you tell me the entrance fee and phone number?|Sure thing! It has free admission and their phone number is 01223464646.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
I also need a really expensive place to stay.|In what area would you like to stay?
Area does not matter. I do need free wifi.|May I recommend University Arms Hotel, in the centre city? It has four stars, free wifi & parking, and is quite luxurious. Would you like to make a booking there?
Is it a guesthouse? I would prefer a guesthouse.|There are no guesthouses matching your requirements.
OK, then what about the moderate price range?|Yes, there are 14. Which area were you looking for?
I am looking for a place in the south side of town.|I have 2 options in the south. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Bridge Guest House is 3-star rated. The other is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House which has 4-star rated.
Sounds good. Can I book a room for one person for two nights starting tuesday?|Booking was successful, the reference number is AQIMZ6OO. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me a car to pick me up from the museum and take me to the guest house?|Sure! What time would you like to leave the museum?
I want to leave the museum by 7:30.|OK, a grey honda should be picking you up at the museum, the contact number is 07694082426. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help.|It was my pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
You have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you so much. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves seafood. Can you help?|I have one, Loch Fyne. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, do you know how much it costs?|The restaurant is expensive.
I would like to book somewhere with moderate prices. What other options do I have?|I have 21 restaurants in the moderate price range but none serve seafood, would you like to try another type of food?
How about one that serves modern european.|I have the riverside brasserie located at doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Would you like reservations?
yeah, i need reservations for 6|When would you like those reservations?
I'd like them for Friday at 18:15, please. Table for 6.|Would you like a reference number?
Of course I'd like the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BLM7RVCW.
thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
Hello, can you help with my planning?  I am looking for a place to stay.|Sure! There are several good options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'll be staying in northern Cambridge.|What price range are you looking for and any star preference?
It should be in the moderate price range, please.|Sure, there are plenty of options.  Were you looking for anything specific as far as star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter but I do need free parking.|I suggest acorn guest house.
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting from monday.|Your booking was successful.  Here is your reference number: P17IW7BH.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a museum located in the east.|I show 4 museums, 3 of which have free admission.
Okay, may I have the phone number of one of the free museums. Whichever one you recommend will be fine.|The phone number for gallery at twelve a high street is 01223295264
Thank you. You've been a lot of help. I need to take off now. Goodbye.|Have a nice day!
I'm looking to find a guesthouse with free wifi for the night.|I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow down the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge centre.|when would you like to move into the guest house
Starting on Monday please.|For how many days would you like this reservation?
I plan to stay for 3 nights|Booking was unsuccessful.
Please book another day or a shorter stay.
alright. enjoyed your services. keep that up|You are more than welcome!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east with free parking?|how about acorn guest house?
If it is in the East part of town, and has free parking, then that sounds great, thank you!|Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you, I'm just looking for information today. I have everything I need now.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thats enough for today. thanks|Thank you for using our service today!
Hi, I'd like some info on where to eat in Cambridge!|I would love to help! What kind of food do you prefer?
I like expensive Chinese food.|I have results for 9 expensive Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would be interested in dining in the North.|There are 2 in the north. One is Hakka and the other is The Hotpot. Which would you prefer?
I will take a table for 6 at Hakka for 13:30 on Wednesday, please.|I was able to book you for a table for 6 on Wednesday at 13:30.  Your Reference number is : 5PTMTL2C.  Is there anything else you need?
Would alike a hotel in the East with free WiFi and free parking that is a 3 star.|Sorry, no records found. Would you care to try a different area or star rating?
Okay could you try the north then instead?|I have found the Hamilton Lodge which meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book the lodge for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful, your reference number is BCUQ481V, is there anything else?
Great, that's perfect. Are you able to find us a taxi, too? That would be awesome if you can.|I sure can, what time would you like to be picked up and where are you leaving from?
I need to be picked up from the hotel and get to the restaurant by the booked time.|I was able to get you a taxi it is a white tesla contact number is 07305303624. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That will be all, thanks. Have a good day|Have a wonderful night and best wishes on your trip.
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.|There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks|Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.|I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.|Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after 8:45?|Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are headed to?
Certainly.  I need to travel from Leicester to Cambridge.|The first train after 08:45 is the TR1672, which leaves at 09:09.
I need it for four people please.|Of course. Your reference number is TE5QEU4H. The total is 151.19 payable at the station.
Great thank you I also need to find a guesthouse in a moderate price range.|There are several guesthouses in the moderate price rance. I can recommend the Archway House. They're in the north, have 4 stars, and offer both free wifi and parking.
Can you find one in the south, actually?|I have the aylesbray lodge guest house or the bridge guest house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Can you try booking at the Aylesbray lodge for 2 nights, and may I have the postal code?|How many guest will be staying with you at the lodge? Will the booking be for 4 guests also?
I actually think I will book myself later. If I could just get the postal code and if they have internet?|The postal code is cb17sr. They do have internet. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No that's all the info I needed. Thanks for all your help|Okay, have a good day.
Can you help me find a train arriving by 12:45 going to birmingham new street?|What city are you departing from?
i'm leaving from cambridge|Can you give me the day you are traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. May I please have the travel time?|Travel times for all trains on that route are 163 minutes. The TR2576 would get you to Birmingham New Street at 11:44.
Thanks.  Can you also look up information on Lovell Lodge hotel?|The Lovell Lodge hotel is located in the north that is 2 stars. It has moderate pricing, free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223425478.
Thank you for the info, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?|Do you have a certian time of day ?
I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street after 12:30. Whichever train departs from platform 9 3/4.|TR0680 will leave at 12:40. I don't have information on the specific platform. Please consult your local ministry with regards to that. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you please make me a booking for 4 people on that train, and give me the reference number? Thanks!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 240.32 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is U487NKQU. Will that be all?
I also need a place to stay. It would be great if it had free wifi. I don't really care about parking though.|Choices, choices, choices! There are 32 hotels which could fit your criteria. Which area of town would you prefer to be? Also, maybe a price range so we can narrow this down a bit to get the best fit for you!
No preference on the location, but definitely a hotel, not a guesthouse (hate those!). Maybe a 2 star option?|I have 2 in the north and 1 in the east
Tell me more about the one in the east please.|Okay it's the express by holiday inn cambridge on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the post code is cb13lh.
Great thats everything I need thanks for the help|Thank you. Goodbye
can you recommend a good place to go in the centre?|Yes! What type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me please. I need the postcode, entrance fee if any and phone number|the fitzwilliam museum is a museum is free. Postcode: cb21rb. Phone: 01223332900.
Also looking for a 4 star hotel in the same area as the museum.|We have the University Arms, which is an expensive hotel, or the Alexander B&B, which is a charming, but inexpensive, guesthouse.
Can you book a room there for 2 people and two nights? I'll need a reference number as well.|What day will you be staying?
i will be staying for 5 days|I'm sorry... are you staying with two people for two days, or alone for five days? Which days would you like me to reserve?
Never mind the booking. I need a taxi.|Okay what time do you need the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 20:00.|What is your destination?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is my destination.|The taxi is all set, look for a grey toyota, they can be reached at 07596698267 if there are any issues.  Any other questions?
Thank you that's all I needed today.|you are welcome all the time
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I need to find a hotel with a 4 star rating that includes free parking. Do you have anything like that?|Yes, there are quite a few 4 star hotels with free parking. What area would you like to stay in?
Thanks, I need a 4 star hotel in the east, the hotel needs to has free parking.|There are some guestrooms that fit those requirements.  Can I book a room at Carolina Bed and Breakfast for you?
I need to book it starting Saturday for 3 nights. There will be 3 guests.|No problem.  Your reference number is U6E0DEZR.
Thanks so much.  That's all I need.|I'm happy to be of service. Please don't hesitate to contact us again if you have more questions. Goodbye!
Could you help me locate the Alpha Milton Guest House?|Yes, the Alpha-Milton is a guest house located in the North? Do you wish for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting this Saturday.|I am sorry they don't have a room available. Perhaps you would like to try another hotel?
Yes, Can I get a different hotel in the same price range?|Booking for a and b guest house. Reference number: DLE4Z450.
Thank you. That's all I need.|Okay glad I could help.
I need lodgings on the north side of town.|I found 13 hotels on the north side of town
Okay, I'm looking for a 4 star place, and it doesn't need to include internet.|Is a guesthouse okay? There are 8 to choose from that have four stars. They all have internet, though, are you interested in booking one of these?
Yes, which one would you recommend?|Personally, I hear good things about the Acorn Guest House.
What's the phone number there?|The phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have their hotel type and price range please?|Certainly. The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north end of town. Would you like to reserve a room there?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, Acorn guest house has wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.|You're so welcome. Bye!
I am looking for a pricey place to stay.  Please help me if you can.|I have several options what area do you want to stay in?
I want to stay on the south side of town in a 3 star hotel that also has free wifi. Do you have any suggestions?|The lensfield hotel fits your needs, would you like info or a booking?
Can you please book it for me?|Sure, but I'll need some additional information.  How many days shall I book for?  When would you like to check in?
I want to book it for 4 nights on a Thursday for 7 people. Can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 2AGDQCL1. is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine near the hotel.|Sure thing what kind of food are you wanting?
I'd like an indian restaurant in the expensive range in the south please.|Taj tandoori fits all your criteria. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  It'll be for the same seven people at 12:45 on the same day.|Your booking for the restaurant was successful. Your reference number is LOM2SXEF.  It is on the same day. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay, I've reserved your taxi, a red toyota that will pick you up at the hotel. Please call 07100946060 to confirm pick up time.
thanks. i didnt realize the time. i need to go. but thanks for everything. bye.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge and would like to find some places to go. Can you help me?|Yes I can! There are a total of 79 different attractions in Cambridge that you can visit. Is there a particular type of attraction you would like to see?
I'm looking for something in the centre of town, maybe an art museum?|There are a couple locations that fit that criteria. Could I recommend William's Art and Antiques museum?
That sounds great. Can I please have the address, entrance fee, and phone number?|Yes! The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery; the entrance fee is free; and the phone number is 01223311687. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm going to need a place to stay that has free wifi and in a guesthouse. The hotel rating a zero star.|El Shaddai fits your preferences and is located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you tell me the phone number, address and price range for El Shaddai?|The price range is cheap, you would need to call for more specific information.  Their phone number is 01223327978, and they are located at 41 Warkworth Street.  Anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
Can you book a hotel for me? I would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown Cambridge for tonight for 2 people.|There is one called the Gonville Hotel, but it's expensive. Is this alright?
yes that would be fine. Are there any colleges in the centre that we can also visit? And may I have the address please?|There are four in the area that are free and one that has a fee of 2 pounds, would you like more information?
Sure, which one would you recommend of the free ones?|I would recommend Saint Catherine's College located at King's Parade, postcode cb23rl.
Thank you, I actually need a guesthouse with free parking.|Thank you for clarifying that you need a guest house. So that I might best find the right place for you, could you restate any other needs with regards to lodgings?
I need free parking in the moderate pricerange.|Unfortunately, I do not have any 3-star rated guesthouses that are moderately priced and in the centre with free parking. Would you like to change any criteria?
No that is ok! I decided that free parking is not a deal breaker for me. So can I book that guest house?|I don't see any 3 star guesthouses available in the centre. However Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a nice 4 star, cheap guesthouse. Does that work?
Does that guesthouse come with free wifi?|Yes, they do offer free internet as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
yup.  5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for Monday.  Thanks.|I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful, probably because the guesthouse is booked for some or all of these days. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or book another day?
Okay. Let's try for four nights and may I get the reference number.|I was able to find availability for 4 days.  Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 84JDP6OG.
Great!  That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
List all thursday train times heading to cambridge.|There are 202 entries, can you please be more specific?
Okay, I guess that would be quite a lot of typing. How about this: I need a train leaving from Leicester sometime after 21:45 on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
Anytime after 21:45 is good.|I have train TR8149 leaving at 22:09,is that okay?
That is fine. Can you give me the price and travel time, please?|It is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find a place to stay.|Sure. Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you find one in the north?|do you have specifications about star rating?
No, but parking is a necessity.|i found 10 places to stay that match your criteria. to narrow it down, which price range would you like?
I don't care about price range, actually.|I have found a train and a room that meets your specifications.It leaves at 6:09 am and travel time is 105 minutes.
Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?|Absolutely. Where are you coming from?
I'm departing from birmingham new street.|I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?
Yes please book me for one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KHBLJGHN.  Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?
Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?
I am looking for a guesthouse please.|In what area would you like it to be?
Any area as fine, as long as it has 3-star accommodations.|Would you like to try the Alpha-Milton Guest House located in the North?
Yes, that sounds great! Can I get it for 8 people for 3 nights please, we'll be arriving Tuesday.|I'm sorry, the hotel is unable to accommodate your party.  Can you arrive on a different day or stay for a different number of days?
How about for 2 days? If it's available will you please book and provide a reference number?|I have successfully booked it for 2 days, and your reference number is OUKN0U42.
Great.  Are there any trains that go directly from Cambridge to Norwich?|Yes, there are several.  The trip time is 79 minutes and the cost is generally 17.60 pounds.  Can I tell you anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What type of information do you need help with?
I'm looking for a hotel called, Archway House.|It is in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
Alright. I'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 2 people will be staying.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9V74O1G. can i be of any help again?
I will also need a train for Saturday, leaving after 13:45.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where would you like to travel to?
Going to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross.|And for haw many people ?
There will be 2 people.|I have train TR4101 that leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also provide me the reference number?|I will get that reference number for you.
Ok, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6BM4QJXX.
Great thank you! That's all I needed! Bye!|You're so welcome! Feel free to come back if you think of anything else you need! Bye!
Yes I am looking for a train to arrive by 20:45 that is leaving Cambridge.|Is there a specific date of travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Sunday.|And where you you like to leave from and go to ?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn, to visit my sister! Haven't seen her in forever.|TR3212 Leaves at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Can I book that for you?
Yes, for six people. I will need the reference number. Thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.04 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : L5RUWCHN.
I will also need a place to stay. A guesthouse and it should include free wifi .|Okay, I can look that up for you.  Did you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, but it needs to be cheap and have free parking.|I can see if there are rooms available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. They are cheap, have free parking as well as free internet.
Sounds great, can you give me their phone number?|Their number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 12:15 departing from cambridge?|Where are you heading, and on what day?
Kings Lynn on Friday|TR8494 leaves at 13:11. Want to book?
Yes, can i book it for 4 people.|Okay, I've booked 4 tickets. Your reference number is FBZ6Z3NH. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a hotel that has free wifi and a 4 star rating.|I see three options available.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  What is your price preference?
I would prefer the cheap one please.|the cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.|What are your arrival details please?
I would like it for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people .|You are booked for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Friday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is FKV26SLF. May I help you with anything else?
I don't think so but before I let you go, I just want to be sure, the cambridge belfry is a guest house, correct?|It is a hotel not guest house.
Sorry, I want to stay in a guesthouse.|OK, we have many options for guesthouse in the cheap price range, including wifi. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference, but I would like it to be rated 4 stars.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FKV26SLF
that is all for today and thanks for helping|thanks and welcome anytime
I appreciate everything.  Have a great day.  Bye.|welcome anytime you need us
I am looking for a place to stay in the cheap price range.|Okay what area of town are you wanting to stay in? Any free parking or wifi?
I do need both free parking and free wifi please.|I found several hotels that might work for you in the centre, east and north part of town. Can you tell me where you'd like to stay?
Is there anything available in the north?|Yes, there is the City Centre North B and B and the Worth House.
Great. Please book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.|Which one would you like me to book?
Let's go with City Centre.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M6554531.
Can you also help me find a train to get me to Leicester on Wednesday?|train TR3138 leaves at 07:21 and will arrive in leicester at 09:06.
Not decided on the train yet, still have to consult the group, what is the price?|8 tickets costs 302.29 GBP payable at the station
Thanks. I don't want to book the train yet, so I think I am all set.|Oh, just to mention the cost of a single ticket is 37.80 pounds. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouse listings. What area would you like to stay in?
I like the south part of town and should include free wifi|I have the aylesbray lodge, bridge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like to book one today?
Does either have free parking?|Yes, they both do. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for Thursday for 2 nights and 3 people.|I was able to book it for you. Your reference number is NIFUTFQF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as the hotel?|There are 5 expensive restaurants on the south side. You can pick from Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican. Or, can I find something else for you in another area or pricerange?
Mexican sounds good. Please book it for the same day --Thursday and for the same three people at 17:30.|Your booking was successful they will hold your table for 15mins. Your reservation number is YOLN1H2G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect, thanks! Can you also find me a taxi to commute between the two places? I'd like to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|aylesbray lodge guest house to chiquito restaurant bar                                                                                                                            Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow bmw
Contact number	:	07430668137
Thanks a lot goodbye|Would that be all?
I need a place to stay in the expensive range.|I found 5 expensive hotels, do you have a particular area you would like to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.|I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is it a 4 star place?|Yes, it sure is. Would you like to reserve a room?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : V4BVJWHG. Is there anything else I can assist you?
That is all for now. Thank you for your help.|Thank you and have a nice time.
Hi, I'm actually looking to stay at a luxury guesthouse.|The Arbury lodge guesthouse should work out for you.
does it have a rating of 4 stars?|The arbury does have 4 stars. It is moderate priced. Would you like that one?
Yes please that sounds good.|I need booking information,how many people,what day,and how many days you would like to stay.
I am looking to stay for 1 person, 4 nights, starting wednesday.|I'm sorry, but they don't have a room for that long. Would you like to shorten your stay?
Sure, let's try 2 nights instead.|Great! That worked and your confirmation code is 4MI69WKV.
Excellent! Now, what can you tell me about the Da Vinci Pizzeria?|It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and offers Italian food at low cost. Would you like me to make a booking?
Sure and I would like the address also. Thanks|Absolutely, I have made the booking and the address is 20 Milton Road in Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!|Oh, wait, I don't think I completed the booking at Da Vinci Pizzeria we were talking about. If you'd still like it I'll need a time, day, and number of people.
No that's ok. I just needed the address, no booking. Thank you!|You are welcome.  If you need anything in the future, please let us know.
Have a great day! Thank you for your help!|Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I am trying to locate a really nice guesthouse to take my wife to. Can you suggest any?|There are several nice guesthouses I can recommend. Are you looking for a specific location?
I don't have a place in mind but I would like for the guesthouse to be on pricier side.|I'm sorry to say we don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something cheaper?
Could you see if there's a hotel that meets my preferences?|Yes there are five such hotels. Which area of town could you like to stay?
No, but I was looking for something with 2 stars.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is east area. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Please just give me their postcode.|The postcode is cb13lh.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
I am looking for a moderately priced place to stay with free wifi.|I have several options for you, but how about the Acorn Guest House? It is moderately priced and has free wifi as well as parking.
Sure, that sounds good. Can you book that for me, please?|Okay, I will need to know how many people are staying and the duration please.
Before we continue, can you check if the Acorn Guest House has a star of 4 or not?|Yes certainly. I have checked and the acorn is indeed a 4 star hotel. Would you still like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights starting from Thursday.|Great news! I was able to book you into the Acorn hotel for 4 nights accommodating 5 people. Your reference number is  B0WC4956. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks|Goodbye.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.|My system is not pulling up any 4 star hotels in East.  Would you like to try a guesthouse or another area perhaps?
Can you check for ones with a cheap price range?|There are no cheap four star hotels in the area. Another criteria maybe?
In that case, how about just a hotel in the east that has free parking?|With those requirements, I do have one hotel in the east. It is expensive 2 star rated with both free parking and wifi. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Oh man, I can't do expensive.  Is there a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap in the east perhaps?|I am sorry I have no cheap 4 star hotels, maybe a more realistic star rating?
Are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star guesthouse on the east side? What kind of city is this?|My mistake. There are three cheap guesthouses. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House all offer free parking. Would you like to make a booking?
I think you need to pay more attention, it's your job to be alert. Do they all have free internet?|Yes, all three of the guesthouses have free internet and free parking. Is there one that you would prefer?
Pick the most popular one,  I need their phone number as well and hotel type. If they have area and postal code , I will need it.|Leverton House is lovely. It's a guesthouse in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223292094, and the postcode is cb58rs. Would you like me to book that?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Asian oriental food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.|I dont have any in the east. can I check another location?
The area is not important. I just need it to be asian oriental food and something cheap.|there is no restaurant in that side of  town serving your kind of food. can we change the cuisine?
How about Chinese in the east? It should still be in the same price range as the hotel.|I do not have anything. Can I try something else?
Can you check for asian oriental? I don't care what area it is in.|I can recommend dojo noodle bar in the centre.
Great, I just need the area and postcode please.|It is located in the centre and the postcode is CB21RQ.
I would like a taxi going to dojo noodle bar. I want to leave my hotel (Leverton House) by 07:30.|I was able to book your taxi per your request.  It will be a black tesla and the contact number is 07433186357.  Is there anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Hi, I'm looking for information on entertainment attractions located in the centre.|I'm sorry. At the moment there are no entertainment attractions available in the centre.
Can you help me find a restaurant?|Sure, I can help with that.  Are you sure I can't help you find another attraction that you may like?  There are so many great things to see.
You convinced  me.  How about a college?|Yes, there several colleges available.  Most have free entry.  Do you have one in mind?
No. Just give me your best recommendation.|I recommend emmanuel college they are free to visit and located on saint andrew's street. Do you still want me to find a restaurant?
Not at this time but could you help me with a moderate priced hotel|We have 18 choice sany other preferences, any at all?  please dont make me pick between 18 places, I want to make sure we find a good fit for you.
I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.|Please show me a moderately priced hotel nearby, and please make sure it includes free wifi and parking.
I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.|I RECOMMEND acorn guest house
That sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Ok, I've made the booking for you. Your reference number is : UZ1KFAAI.
that is all i needed for now. have a great day|Thanks! You have a great day as well! Bye!
I am looking for a four star hotel in Cambridge.  It needs to include free parking.|I have 19 different options. Is there an area or price range you prefer so that we can narrow it down?
Do you have any with free wifi?|They all offer free wifi actually.
I would like a guesthouse with a star rating of 4. Once we select lodging, I would like you to send the postcode and address.|There are many options available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay?
If you could recommend one that would be great, as long as it has free parking and is 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House on the north side in the moderate pricerange, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Do you want me to book the reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet.  Could you give me the address and postcode for it?|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Is there any other way I can be of assistance?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 19:45.|I have 1029 travelling to Cambridge. Can you be more specific on what day you'd like to leave and time/place you'd like to depart from?
Yes, I'll be coming in from London Liverpool Street on Friday.|Train TR9802 leaves at 15:39 and will get you to your destination at 17:07.  The cost of the ticket is 16.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like a booking for one person.|I have reserved your ticket. Your reference number is QUECHW83.
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for using TownInfo.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range and in the north side of town.|We have an Italian and an Indian restaurant that are both inexpensive in the north part of town. Would you like the addresses of those?
I am really looking for  italian food.|Well here is Da Vinci Pizzeria in the north. It's cheap. 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Yes, that would be fine. Can you book a table for 4 at 16:00 on Wednesday?|Absolutely. You're booked for 16:00 and the reference number is I3WAD456. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great! Yes, I'll also need to find a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I would recommend the ashley hotel.
Actually, I apologize for not being more specific, I want to stay in a guesthouse|Is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes I am looking for hotel that  is cheap have free wifi and free parking.|There are 9 cheaply priced guesthouses with free parking and Wifi. Is there are certain area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, as long as it has free wifi and parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range and has both free parking and wifi, would you like a reservation?
No, just the address, area please.|alexander bed and breakfast address is 56 saint barnabas road in centre.
Great, thanks for the help!|Glad I could help. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
What area is that in|It is located in the city centre, anything else?
That is all. Thanks for the help! Bye!|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Would you help me book a train for Thursday, please?|Yes, where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge|There are over 200 trains going to Cambridge on Thursday.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|That narrows us down to about 19 trains. Do you have a time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 15:45.|Then in that case, I recommend the TR0209	which departs from Kings Lynn at 16:11 and gets into Cambridge at 16:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.|There is nothing in the price range you mentioned.  Would you be willing to stay at a cheap hotel or an expensive hotel?
I would like a cheaper hotel.|Ok I Am going to book a cheaper hotel for you ,have a good day,thank you.
I still have some requests for the hotel, before you book it.|Okay what can I do for you?
I need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the east, moderately priced, and with wifi. Type doesn't matter.|There are 3 in the east area. Do you need free parking?
That doesnt matter. Choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on thursday for 5 nights. And do remember to send me the reference number|I hve booked it as requested, the reference number is 3W8OKRO8, any further questions today?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome.  Please have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I'm looking for attractions in town that are in the architecture category.|Ah, we have some of the most beautiful architecture locally. I have 5 different venues to choose from. All are located in the centre of town.
If you could choose your favorite and provide me the area, postcode and phone # that would be great.|My favorite is Old Schools, which is free to enter. They're located on trinity lane in postcode cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.|There are 4 places that meet your criteria. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place in the south that provides free wifi. Is there anything like that?|All four of the places include free wifi. Is there a particular price range you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
What about free wifi and free parking?|Yes, those 4 places all offer free wifi and free parking.
Can you give me a name of the hotel?|aylesbray lodge guest house is in 5 mowbray road
Thank you.  Please confirm the number of stars and postal code for aylesbray.|The star rating for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 4 and the postal code is cb17sr.  Anything else?
Thank you!  That should be all.  Goodbye!|If you have any further questions please let us know.
Can I get some information on the Ali Baba restaurant?|Sure. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, for 3 people on Sunday at 14:00.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, a reference number would be great! Could i also get information on the Ashley hotel?|Yes the Ashley hotel is moderately priced, 2 stars and on the north side.
That sounds great please make reservations for 3 people for 2 nights on sunday.|Your reference number is O39NTCEE. May I help you with anything else today?
I think you answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Thank you! Have a great day!
I want a place to stay in the east.|I have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel on the east side. What's your price range?
Doesn't matter too much. I'd like a 4 star property, though, and would prefer one of the guesthouses.|I'd recommend allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you give me their phone number?  I would like to verify that they have free parking.|Allenbell does have parking and the phone is 01223210353.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah, i need something to eat. i'm starving.|In what area of town?
I'm looking for australian food in the moderate price range, any area is fine.|I'm sorry, we do not have any Australian restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like to choose an alternate food type?
I'd also like to try a Turkish restaurant. Is that possible?|I'm sorry but the only restaurants in that part of town serve either Asian food or African food.
I don't mind changing the area. I just need moderate pricing and want something that serves Turkish food.|i have 2 choices for you. anatolia is one and the other is efes restaurant. which do you prefer?
Lets try anatolia.|Ok great and when would you like a table booked?
For 4 people at 17:45 on friday please.|Ok, you have a table for 4 on thursday at 17:45. Reference number is : G684TD29. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you for your help! Goodbye|It's been a pleasure to help you.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you book that?|Can you tell me more details? Allenball is a 4 star guesthouse for a great price.
Is that on the west side of town? I like the 4-star guesthouse idea, but I need it to be moderately-priced and on the west side.|I have nothing on the west side can I check another area?
Hmm. I think I should stay on the west, is there maybe a cheap option available instead?|The finches bed and breakfast is a cheap option in this area.
okay sold! book it for 5 nights for 2 on tuesday, and I need the ref # too please|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is OAOWJ7FF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a great place to visit that is located near the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?|There are many colleges and museums in the west part of the city, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Doesn't matter. As long as I receive the address and post code as well.|I would suggest Magdalene College. It is located on Magdalene Street and the post code is cb30ag.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to go from Magdalene college to the hotel. I want to leave the college by 03:45|A grey skoda will pick you up at Magdalene College at 03:45 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. The driver's contact number is 07909322670.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need.|You're welcome! Enjoy your time in cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. It doesn't need to include internet.|I have 2  guesthouses and 3 hotels available. Do you have a preference?
Do any of the hotels have 3-star ratings?|I have one with 3 stars in the expensive price range.
That's in the centre?|gonville hotel would fit all your needs
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Wednesday. And if I can have the reference number once booked.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BX2JNTSY. Thank you
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge next month and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I do need help with a place to stay.|What area of town will you be staying in?
I need information for the warkworth house for my hotel.|The Warkworth House is a guesthouse located on the east side of town in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, free internet and parking. Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number please?|I can certainly help you book a room. I will just need to know how many guests, how many days you are staying, and what day you plan to arrive.
I need it for 4 people, we're staying 2 nights starting Thursday.|You're all set! Your reference number is XM6Q1AUA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a good museum to go to.|In what area?
It does not matter and please provide the entrance fee.|I can suggest the Castle Galleries in the city centre. There is no entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get to there from my hotel?|Sure I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the attraction by 16:15. Please send me the contact number and car type.  Thank you!|You're all set! The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07137237413.
Awesome! That is all I need for now, thank you!|Glad I was able to help you today. Goodbye.
i am planning a trip in cambridge|Great! Would you like to book a train to take you there?
I will bee a hotel called hobsons house.|What do you need to know about the Hobsons House guesthouse?
I would just like some general information before I book, what area is it in?|It's located in the west. Would you like more information?
That's good.  Book me in for 3 people and 4 nights starting Tuesday.|I have you booked at the Hobsons House starting Tuesday for 4 days for three people. Your reference number is P4RWFGM2.  May I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train leaving from cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
am going to stansted airport|Okay, what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive at the airport by 14:45 on Saturday.|There are 9 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by? We can narrow the results down that way.
Saturday, please. I will need the departure time, train ID, and price.|I think this train might work well for you.  TR6193 leaves at 13:40 and gets in at 14:08.  It costs 14.08 pounds.  Can I book this?
Not right now. Thanks for all your help though.|Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I need a taxi please.|Ok.  Where do you need the taxi to pick you up at?
Nevermind. I will not need the taxi after all. Thank you for all your help. Please book a seat on TR6193 for me.|Your train is booked for Sat your fee is 24.24 GBP and payable at station. Your ref. number is HGQGS7MX
thank you for your help today !|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.|Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a particular hotel if you could help me with that?|Sure. Do you know the name of it?
It's called the A and B Guesthouse.  I'd like a 5 night stay for 4 starting on Monday.  Can I get a reference #?  Thanks!|I was able to book your party of four into A and B Guest House starting on Monday for 5 nights. Reference: CEREP94P. Can I assist further today?
Yes I would also like a place to dine in the north that serves asian oriental food.|There are a few options in the area.  Do you have a price range in mind?
No, just needs to be in the North and serve that food.|Saigon City will fit your needs do you need to book a table?
Yes.  I would like to book a table for four on Monday at 16:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y7GC1VD7. Anything else I can help with?
That was all I needed today, thank you.|Thanks, please remember us for your future travel needs.
Hi, I'm interested in getting some information about the cherry hinton village centre in Cambridge.|It is a multiple sports venue on the east side of town.  The phone number is 01223576412.
What is their entrance fee?|I'm afraid that the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. Could you recommend a hotel in the west with free parking?|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel, 4 star, and offers free parking and WiFi. Would you like me to book you a stay?
Is it a guesthouse? I'm looking for a guesthouse.|No, but the finches bed and breakfast is. Can I book you a room there?
I actually don't need reservations just information.  What can you tell me about the Finches Bed and Breakfast?|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 start guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with free internet and parking.
What's their postcode?|their postcode is cb30nd
OK. Would it be possible to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the sports complex?|Yes, I can do that. I just need to know when you want to leave or arrive by, please/
I want to leave the hotel at 22:45.|A taxi has been booked. It is a grey Tesla and the phone number is 07972543757.
Thank you so much! You've been so helpful. That's all I need. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Your welcome, have a great day too!
Can you help me find a 3-star hotel in the north of Cambridge?|I can book you at the Hamilton lodge if you would like.
I want a hotel that's in the moderate price range.|The Hamilton Lodge happens to be moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking, would you like me to book this hotel for you?
As long as it is a hotel and not any other type, then yes book it for me.|The Alpha Milton Guest House is of moderate price and located in the  north cambridge area.
Great can you book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting thursday?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is BOBT5BLT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I also need to find a restaurant that serves chinese food.|There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Is there a particular price range or area you'd like?
I would like it also to be in the north and moderately priced.|I can recommend Golden Wok, would you like me to book a reservation there for you?
Yes, please book this.|What date, time, and party size would you like to book?
I don't need it booked. I just require the phone number. Thank you.|The phone number is 01223350688.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
That is everything I needed for today. Thanks!|You're welcome!  You have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|I have 32 hotels with free wifi. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
No, it just needs to be in the moderate price range.  I prefer guesthouses.|I have 14 entries, would you like it to have free parking?
That does not matter.  What ones have availability for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday?|Is there a star rating you would prefer to stay at
I would like 3 stars or higher please|I have the bridge house south area, the hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west. Which one would you like me to book?
Try booking the bridge house please.|I'm sorry, that one is unavailable. Would you like to try another?
Yes please if it's in the same price range.|I have the Hamilton Lodge in the north, would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please. And I will need the reference number.|I have booked the Hamilton Lodge for you. Starting on Saturday for 2 nights for 7 people. Your reference number is 63GDBABK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. That is all I need.|So glad I could help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!
Hi, I'm looking for the Bridge Guest House.  Can you give the information about it please?|The Bridge guesthouse is in the south and is in the moderate price range, it has a 3 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  I would like to book it for 3 nights for four people, starting on monday.|You are all set! The reference number is 8KYSNB3T. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to eat.  It should serve bistro food and be expensive.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes please, could you look for a chinese retaurant in the expensive range?|I have 9 Chinese restaurants available.  What part of town do you prefer?
It does not matter. Pick and book me at one on Monday, for four people at 13:00.|You are all booked for Yu Garden. Your reference number is WV60248M. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|I'd be happy to help. Would you like to depart from the restaurant or the hotel?
The hotel please in a taxi|You're all set. A white ford has been reserved to take you to the yu garden by your 13:00 reservation. The number is 07050800030. Do you need anything else?
that's all! thank you!|It was my pleasure.
I'm looking for a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi|There are several options is there a specific area you are looking for?
I would prefer the North.|Okay, the Hamilton Lodge matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
actually, is the hamilton lodge a guesthouse? I'd prefer a cheap guesthouse.|Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse but it is in the moderate price range. There is a cheap guesthouse called Worth House that's rated 4 stars. Want more information on that one?
That sounds acceptable. Can you please book a room for me starting on Wednesday? It will only be me and I will be staying 5 nights.|Your reference number is ZJ0BD7WY. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking to get some Italian food.|I have found several Italian restaurants. Is there a particular area or price range you are looking for?
Do you have one in the east, in the cheap price range?|Sorry, I don't see anything matching that query. Would you like to try a different price range or area?
Can you book it for Sunday and give me a reference number please..|Again, there are no restaurants matching your query. Please try a different price range, area, or food type.
Can you find one in the east with a different price range?|There is pizza hut fen ditton in the moderate price range in the east
Okay, I want to book that restaurant for 1 person|What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like the reservation on the same day at 11:00.|Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P8B1BVO7. Anything else I can help with?
No I am good to go now. Thanks, bye!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hello, I am looking for a museum attraction in the south part of town.|Byard Art is a museum in the south. It is free and located at 14 King's Parace. Phone #01223464646.
Sorry, I think I garbled that- it's at 14 King's... what's the address again?|I am not sure what you asked the address is in the chat history. Thanks
Ok, thank you.  Also, I need a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Free parking is not necessary.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east.|There is carolina bed and breakfast that is 4 stars and moderately priced. It has free parking and internet.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. That's all the help I need today.|Thank you for using our service today!
Actually, could you find a hotel for me? I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|carolina bed and breakfast is a great pic. It is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the moderate price range with both free internet and parking
That sounds lovely. Could you book it for me please? The 4 of us are coming in on Sunday for 4 nights.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you, please do!|Done! Your reference number is LFN02VLJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I will need a taxi between the hotel and venue and I need to leave the hotel by 22:45.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Leaving the hotel by 22:45.|The car picking you up will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07911492515. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be it. Thank you.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.|Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.|There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of boat.|I found two boats for you: Scudamores Punti Co and The Cambridge Punter. Do you want more information about one or both of these?
Can you please provide me with the phone number, address and postcode for each of those?|Scudamores Punting Co is at granta place, mill lane, postcode cb21rs, and phone 01223359750. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road., postcode cb41as, and phone 07807718591.
I also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 4.|We have two place, one a guesthouse and one a hotel, what would you like?
Do either of them have free wifi?|Both have free wifi! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms Hotel is a hotel.
Allrighty, can I book a room for 3 people at the University Arms Hotel, for 4 nights starting on Saturday?|Booking was successful.  Your reference number is : WSOW3X5U.  What else can I help you with today?
nope that's it thanks for your help|Of course have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the south, and I'd like cheaper options please.|I've found the rosa's bed and breakfast which is a cheap guesthouse in the South. Would that work for you?
Does it have a star of 4?|Yes it does.
Great. Do they also offer free wifi?|They sure do. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that's ok. Could you just give me the address and postcode and please let me know if they have free parking?|They're located at 53 Roseford Road in postcode cb22ha. And yes, they do offer free parking.
I am also looking for international food that is in the cheaper price range.|We have one restaurant that matches your needs, it's The Missing Rock in the east area. Would you like me to book for you?
No thank you- please just give me the address and phone number.|The address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and the phone number is 01223812660.
Do you see a Chinese restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|Sure!  I have three options for Chinese food in the south with both cheap and expensive price ranges.  What price range did you want for this restaurant?
There are going to be a lot of us, so something cheap would be best.|Your best choice would be The Lucky Star, which is on Cambridge Leisure Park. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes for 7 people for 17:45 on a Monday.|I apologize but I was unable to book your party for that time.  Would you like to try a different time slot or a different day?
Can we make the reservation an hour later?|I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful, too. Would you like to try another time?
Yes how about for 16:45?|I have your table booked. The reference number is : GI0NB9LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful thank you.|Let us know if we may help further. Thank you, good bye.
Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.|Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.|What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter  as long as I can leave after 9:00.|I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?|There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range.|Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse will be fine.|I have four options.  Do you need free parking or internet?
Thank you! I don't need parking or internet.|What area of town?
It doesn't matter. Can you please recommend one and book it on Sunday for 3nights for 5|What day will you be staying?
As I mentioned already, Sunday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S0EZT0PL.
That was all I need.|Thanks for calling, and if you need anything else just ring us back.  Goodbye!
I am looking for a train that departs from kings lynn. I need to leave after 11:30.|I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge.|TR0864 will be fine with you. how many tickets do i book?
Can I get the travel time, and arrival time of that?|Travel time is 47 minutes and arrive by 16:58.
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel on the east side.|We have six, though all are guesthouses.
That's fine, can you find one in the moderate price range with free parking.|a and b guest house is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
I'm still thinking about it. Can you please provide me with the address and phone number?|124 tenison road, cb12dp. the phone is 01223315702.
thanks for all of your help today|You're welcome.  I hope you can decide soon.
Thank you for your time.|Good day to you too, bye!
I'm looking for a hotel in the west, internet is optional.|Are you looking for it to be cheap or expensive?
I am looking for it to be cheap.|I have the cambridge belfry on the west side with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is that a hotel type place to stay?|Yes, it is. I'll be happy to make a reservation for you.
Alright, book that for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?|The only cheap hotel I can find is Finches Bed and Breakfast.  It is a guesthouse though.  Will that be fine?
Yes please and I need the reference number|It is done.  You're reference number is 143ZF1M5. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.|Okay Enjoy your stay then.
What entertainment attractions are there in the east side of town?|The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is located on Cherry Hinton Road and is always a fun place.  Does that interest you?
That sounds great.  Can you give me their phone number?|Sure. Their number is 01223446104. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have any information on their entrance fees?|Unfortunately, they haven't listed their entrance fees.
That's ok.  I'll call them.  Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?|Are you looking to stay in the east? There are three moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses there.
What about 3 star places? And i need free parking.|I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you try a guesthouse withouth free parking?|I'm not finding any guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or stars?
So you can't find a moderately priced guesthouse with 3 stars and free parking anywhere in cambridge at all? Area doesn't matter. Please try again?|i cant find it anywhere. can we change the price range?
I know I have found places with those requirements before. I just don't remember the name. I really want to stay moderately priced with the 3 stars and parking.|There are no hotels matching your criteria in the East, but there are 3 hotels in the south, north, and west. Would you like to try one of those?
Ok,thanks anyway for your help|Are you sure you don't want me to check another area for you to stay?
Any moderately price guesthouse will work|I have the hamilton lodge located in the north.
Does it offer free parking? If yes, please book a room for 2 for 2 nights. We'll be checking in on Wednesday|your all set confirmation is EAD5DHHC. Anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all|thank you for using this service good bye
Yes, I need a hotel in the moderate price range please.|Would you like a hotel in the north or the centre?
The north.  But I do need an actual hotel, no guestrooms.|I have two hotels available that meet that criteria.  Would you like more information?
Yes, tell me about those.|Ashley hotel is 2 stars with free internet and free parking lot.
What about the other hotel?|Lovell Lodge is also two stars.  In the moderate price range, located in the North, at 365 milton road. It has free parking and wifi.
Could you book me a room at one of those? I need it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel at 74 chesterton road.  Your Reference number is : PM69RLXB Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.|Enjoy your stay.
Hi I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.|Let's see what we can find. I have about 17 options. Do you have a certain area you prefer or maybe a price range preference?
I would prefer moderate price range and wifi included|How about kirkwood house? It's in the north.
Is it a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please I need it booked for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Alright, I have you booked successfully, and your reference number is F74W1S62.
That's awesome. Can you also look for a train for me? I'd like to leave on friday after 18:15.|We have many trains on Friday after 18:15. To narrow it down, can you tell me where is your starting location for the train? And what is your destination?
So the train should depart from cambridge and go to london kings cross.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U4G7GGGH.
Did you book that for my whole group? 3 people?|Sorry, no it wasn't. I have updated this info for 3 people Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP. Reference number is : 5VJX8JWT. Anything else?
no that's all for now.  thanks,  bye|You are welcome.  Have a nice trip.  Bye.
I want to find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free parking.|I have 10 places matching your request.  What part of town would you prefer?
North part of town,please.|I have the city centre north b and b and the worth house. They are both a guesthouse with internet and parking. Would you like to book one?
Lets go with the Worth House please. Can I get it for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people please|I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
That would be fine, but please stay in the same price range|Reference number is : HC73QPEX. I have you at the City Centre, north, B and B. Anything else?
No that will be all thanks for your help.|You're welcome.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.|TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!|All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.|There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
How many stars does it have? I want a 0 star hotel.|Cityroomz is indeed a 0-star place.
Yes, I'd lie to book it for 7 people  for 4 nights starting Saturday. May i have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, and your reference number is VJX5F7UJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need.  Thanks for your assistance!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse with free wfii|Allenbell matches those requirements, would you like to stay there?
Does it include free parking?|Yes, it does. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like me to book you a room?
I would like to book it for 2 nights for 2 people starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful.  How about acorn guest house? They also have free internet and parking. Shall I try booking that for you?
Is that in the same price range as the Allenbell? That would work for me.|It is in the moderate price range.  Would that work for you?
yes, please attempt to book that one for me.|Great! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is TXV8RUST. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. No that will be it.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a good day.
I need some help choosing a train to Leicester.|I can help you with that.  What is your departure site and day you would like to travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|Do you have a time that you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:00.|The TR7610 leaves at 21:21 and is a 105 minute ride to Leicester.  Would you like me to book you seats?
Great can you get me 7 tickets for that?|TR7610 we have booked your train sir ! thank you !
Thank you very much! Also, can you recommend a hotel in the South part of town? I don't need internet or free parking.|There were no hotels that matched your criteria. Would you like to try a different criteria?
how about the north?|How about the Ashley Hotel? They have free internet and parking, though.
Yes please tell me their postcode and star rating.|The ashley hotel has 2 stars. They're in the postcode cb41er.
Ok thank you. That's all I need.|Your welcome, it's been my pleasure to assist you. Goodbye
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of town.|I can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
I don't have a preference. I'm just looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.|i have 2 locations that match your requirements, one is cheap, one is moderate. which would you prefer?
I guess we can go with the moderately priced one.|Aylesbray Lodge guest house is moderately priced and has free wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is Aylesbray Lodge a guesthouse? If not, is there a guesthouse that fits?|Yes, it is a guesthouse. When would the stay begin and for how long?
I need rooms for 8 peoples staying for two nights starting Wednesday.|Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : 76HG81V6. Anything else I can do for you?
Hi, I need a place to stay on the northend.|Please be specific about the price range and hotel type you are interested in.
Type doesn't matter but I'd like it to be 4 star please.|There are eight in that area. Would you like to book one?
I'd also like it to have free wifi. But, it doesn't matter to me if there is free parking.|I found several will you be needing a reference number for this booking?
yes I need the reference number. I also want to find a restaurant.|Okay, how many people and for how many days do you need that hotel.
Just myself, 2 nights starting saturday.|I have the kirkwood guesthouse. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I need the reference number for that as I said.|1 guest arriving at Kirkwood House on Saturday and staying 2 nights. Your Reference number is : 414YSUQO. Would you still like me to find a restaurant for you?
oh yes, and please book for two more persons|So for 3 people in total?
I'm sorry, I don't need a booking just yet. I would like to find a restaurant serving Chinese food, in the north.|Sure, how about the hotpot?
Is the hotpot expensive? I want the restaurant to be expensive, in addition to being chinese food and in the north.|Yes, The Hotpot is expensive and in the north.  Would you like me to book a table?
Can you give me the address and post code, please?|Yes, the address of The Hotpot is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, cb41ep. Can I be of further assistance?
No, I think that should be all I need for now. Thank you so much for your patience with me!|You're very welcome. If you need anything else, please let us know.
I need to find out information about a particular hotel called warkworth house|It has some great reviews.  It is a 4 star moderate located on Warkworth Terrace.  What else would you like to know?
book it for 3 people and 5 nights for monday.|I just booked it for you. Your reference number is 3P75NAMG. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Eritrean food.|I'm afraid there are no eritrean restaurants in the area. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are there any Eritrean restaurants in the east instead?|I am sorry, there are no Eritrean restaurants in the East either. Would you care for another type of cuisine?
Let's try Italian food.|There is one Italian restaurant in the East. It is moderately priced. It is located in Cambridge Retail Park.
Ok great. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 on Monday?|I have booked a table for 3 for Monday at 16:00 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
May I have the reference number please ?|I am not showing that you were booked and I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you have other choices ?
How about wednesday?|I do apologize, but it seems like I'm having trouble booking this for you at this time.
Okay, maybe try it again for Wednesday?|Unfortunately, the restaurant can't accomodate you.
Okay should we try a different restaurant then...? I've never had this problem before...|How about some Italian food in the West? There are two restaurants we can try.
That would work, I need to get a table the same day as my other booking.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3P75NAMG.
Thank you for your help, have a great evening.|You are welcome and you do the same .Goodbye
Hi, I'm looking for a nice play to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi.|There are many options; is there an area of the city that you would prefer?
Yes, someplace in the west part of town would be nice.|I have 4 hotels in the west side of town. How about the Hobsons House? It's moderately priced and has free wifi.
Yes, that sounds good!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, reserve it for me for 3 people and 3 nights starting monday.|You are all set for 3 nights at Hobsons House.  The reference number is UM6SFJM6.  Can I assist you with any other plans?
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|I have a british, indian, and italian restaurant in that price range in that area of town. Which woud you prefer?
Are there any French restaurants?|I'm sorry, the only moderately priced restaurants in the west are British, Indian, and Italian.  Nothing serves french food.  Perhaps I can check another part of the city?
I would settle for Indian food.|It may not be exactly the cuisine you were hoping for, but I think you'll still have a fine meal at Meghna. Shall I book you a table?
Is Meghna Indian food?  If so, I'd like to book for the same group on the same day.|It is indeed Indian food.  To clarify you would like me to book you a table for 3 on Monday. What time would you prefer?
I want it to be at 13:00 please. I also need a taxi please|Yes, I need to make the reservation for 3 at 13:00 and I also am going to need a taxi.
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant at my booked time. I also will need the taxis contact number and car type|Your taxi will be a white toyota, contact number 07573158248.
Great, thank you for very much!  That's everything I needed!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
ok goodbye thanks for the help|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you help me find a train departing from birmingham new street going to cambridge?|Absolutely. What day do you need to get to Cambridge, and at what time?
train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on tuesday|There are trains that meet those requirements leaving once an hour starting at 05:40.
Can you assist me with booking one?|Lets narrow down the time a little, the TR 3802 leaves at 17.40 and arrives at 20.23 so that gives you a little extra time, would you like me to book you?
That would be great. I also would like to book a guesthouse for my stay.|Okay, great. You have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, or stars?
Yes. It should have 2 stars and include free wifi.|I do not have any in that star range. Shall I try something else?
Maybe a star rating of 3 would be good.  Is there anything available?|yes when were you planning your stay and for how many people?
I need the reservation to be for 2 people and 2 nights please.|Okay! Starting when?
On Tuesday please.|I've booked your room for two at Hamilton Lodge. You'll be staying for 2 nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 3NT2B4SP. Can I help you find anything else today?
Thanks, that is all I'll need today.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I need a train that departs from cambridge.  I need to leave after 15:00.|There are many trains that depart Cambridge at that time, what day do you need the train and where are you going?
i am going to peterborough on tuesday.|I have 18 trains available.  What time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 18:00 if possible.|I have train TR6357 that leaves at 17:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 17:56. Would that work for you?
Thanks.  I also need a place to stay.  Can you find a guesthouse with free parking?|Would you like me to book the train? There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking do you have an area you'd like to stay or price range?
I'll deal with the train, thank you.  I want a fancy expensive guesthouse, does that narrow it down any?|I have no expensive guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there another price range you would be willing to accommodate?
Please try for something in the cheap price range.|There are many guest houses that fit this criteria, do you wish to stay in a certain area?
I don't know the area. Can you suggest something for me?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is lovely.  Would you like me to reserve rooms for you?
Yes for Sunday for 3 nights for 3 people please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : MS9KDSFF. Is there anything else I can help with ?
No. Thank you!!|I hope you have a great trip.
Thanks for your help today.|Not a problem! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|It was my pleasure.
ok cool go away now|Yes. Let us know if you need help.
Is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in Cambridge by 9:15 or do you need to get there the night before?|There are plenty of trains arriving that early. Where are you coming from, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be coming in from Stansted Airport on Friday.|We have four early morning trains available that day, one every hour from 5:24 to 8:24. Would you like to book one?
Yes, please! The one at 8:24 please. 1 person. Give me the reference number.|I was able to book it, the reference number is O6ZSM73S.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.|I have 17 locations. Do you have an area of town you'd like to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north.|how about hamilton lodge? i hear they're great.
Sounds good. Could you get me the postcode and the phone number?|phone number is 01223365664 and postal code cb41da
OK book that please|When would you like to arrive, and how many guests are in your party?
Actually, I don't want to book yet.  Thanks for the information. I think that is all I need.|Thank you for using our services.  Have we met all of your needs today?
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Ok. Thank you and goodbye.
Can I take a train from stevenage on tuesday?|Absolutely. Where would you be heading to and what day/time would you like to travel?
I need to go to Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 11:15.|The earliest from Stevenage is the TR9263, and it leaves at 05:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:43. Would you like to reserve a ticket for this train?
Sure, I need to book it for 3 people.  Can I get a reference number please? Thanks so much!|Sure thing. The booking was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: PL3IZVMA. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel in the center area.|I have 3 hotels in the centre. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
do any of them have free parking?|Yes, two hotels have free parking. The only difference between the two is that one has a 3-star rating and the other has 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can I get the price range, address, and phone number for the 4-star place?|The 4 star hotel is in the expensive price range and its address is regent street and its telephone number is 01223351241.
What is the name of the 4 star hotel that you are referring to?|It's called the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book your stay?
yes please book it for me|I am getting that ready now, what day will that start.  I also need to know how many people and how long?
Actually I don't need it booked, I just need to know the price range, address and phone please.|It is in the expensive range. It is located on regent street and their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all I needed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|Alright. Glad I could be of help. Thanks for calling.
i need a place to stay|Sure, do you have an area of town you want to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east.  I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.  I don't need any parking.|Okay, I recommend the Autumn House. It is a guest house in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any places that are hotels, not guest houses?|There aren't any 4 star hotels available in the east.
I guess I'll book the guesthouse for 4 people, 4 nights starting wednesday.|I'm sorry, after taking a second look, the Autumn House is not located in the east area.  Would A&B Guest House be okay?  It's also 4-star.
Yes. Need it in the east. Star of 4 and do not care about parking, but do need it to be a hotel not guesthouse.|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Is there another area you would like to look at or possibly reserve the guesthouse?
Sorry, Im her husband, Ill take over the call, my wife is a little picky and confused.   Please book the guesthouse, 4 people, 4 nights starting wednesday.|Okay that booking was successful and your reference number is SYX1AD7L.
Great!  I was also interested in finding a swimming pool in the north.|Sure, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is a nice one.  It is located between Victoria Road and the River.
What is the entrance fee?|I'm afraid I don't have that information available. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode, please?|Between Victoria Road and The River, cb43px. Would you like to know more about the place?
I need their entrance fee please|I'm afraid that I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
If that information is not available, then that's all I need today.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Camridge!
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?|What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.|The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?|The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?|The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.|Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?|I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
look for a hotel within the cambridge area that has an expensive price range|The university arms hotel is in the centre of town.  Would that work?
That sounds good, does it have a 4 star rating and wifi?|yes it does have wifi and its a  4-star.
Does it also have free parking?|Yes, it provides free parking for guests.
If that one is in the expensive price range, I'd like to book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday please.|How many people would you like to book the room for?
There will be two people for two nights.|I was able to book the room for 2 people for Sunday and Monday. Your reference number is 6IQ0O2LB. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the east part of town.|how about curry prince or pipasha?
I would like one in the same price range as the hotel.|I have two options that are expensive. There is the Pipasha Restaurant and the Sitar Tandoori. Do you need a reservation to one of these?
Book Sitar Tandoori. 2 people, 14:45, Sunday.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 415MKPVK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of the city?|There are 44. Is there a certain type you prefer?
How about a museum?|I would recommend castle galleries.
Yes, I would like that place. Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?|Castle Galleries is located at unite su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, 01223307402 and it is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes can you find a restaurant for me to eat at?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I don't need to find a restaurant actually. I instead need a place to stay.|Do you need a hotel or guesthouse ?
Preferably a hotel if possible.|To help narrow down the results, what area or price range are you looking for?
Actually, type does not matter. But I want somewhere with 4 stars and wifi in the south please|The aylesbray lodge guest house is a great place to stay. Shall i book it for you ?
Does the hotel have free parking?|Yes, it has free parking
Great, can you get me the postcode, phone number and price range?|Yes, the postcode is cb17sr. The phone number is 01223240089 and its moderately priced.
As long as it has 4 stars, that is all I need today, thanks for your help.|Yes it does have 4 stars.  Enjoy your travels!
Thank you, goodbye!|Good bye have a nice stay.
Will I be able to get a train out of London Liverpool Street that leaves after 15:15, or will I need to use a different station?|What day would you like to leave?
I need to be there on Friday.|There is no train leaving at 15:15. However there is leaving at 15:39 on Friday, would you like that one?
I don't have to leave at exactly 15:15. I just need to leave after that time and travel to Cambridge.  What are my choices?|There is a train at 15:39 and every other hour after that.
I would like to book it for Friday for 7 people and will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M0H2YQDY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  With free parking and one star.|I'm afraid that I didn't find any. Would you like to try for a different star rating?
Try for a 4 star instead.|Sure thing I would suggest this one arbury lodge guesthouse.
Okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from Friday for 7 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : T4EBBLA6.
Okay, great. Thanks for your help!|Do you need anything else today?
That is all I will need.|Have a great day and stay!
Good day to you too, goodbye|Thanks! And if you think of anything more that you need, feel free to contact us again!
Hello I need a place to stay in the centre please.|I have 5 establishments in the centre. Did you have preference in price?
I'm looking to slum it a little bit, do you have any 0-star places?|We sure do! There is a guesthouse in the cheap price range as well as a hotel in the moderate price range. Would you like more information on these?
It should have wifi please give me the postcode|They both have wifi. Postcode for the guesthouse is cb11eg and the postcode for the hotel is cb12tz. Do you need any further information?
Thank you for that, I am also looking for a train as well. It should depart from cambridge on Monday.|Where would you like to go? Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave after 16:00 and go to Bishops Stortford please.|The TR2530 leaves at 17:29.
That sounds perfect, but I just realized you never gave me the names of those two lodging accommodations. Could I have those please?|My apologies. The guesthouse is the el shaddai and the hotel is the cityroomz. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Any trains departing cambridge?|Yes, there are a lot. What day would you like to travel and where is your destination?
I'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. I need to be there by 20:45.|I would recommend TR9582 leaving Cambridge at 19:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 19:58.
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me on that train for 5 people?|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : NNYALFST.
I'm also looking for a place to stay?|What is your price range?
Expensive. I love luxury. But I do expect free parking.|There are a hotels in the expensive price range. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
No i do not do you have a reccomendation?|i will recommend university arms hotel. can i give you the contact?
Does the University Arms Hotel have 5 stars? I would prefer a place with 5 stars.|The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star establishment. I was unable to find any expensive 5 star hotels.
thanks whats the phone number and area they are located in?|they are in the centre and the # is 01223351241
Thanks so much. That is all I need today.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?|I have a few guest house that offer parking, is there a certain pricerange you are looking for?
No, anything with availability is fine. I also don't care if it has internet or not.|How about leverton house? They are located in the east and are cheap.
I changed my mind about the internet. Does Leverton House have free wifi?|Leverton house has internet. Would you like help booking a room?
No, I just really need the postcode.  Is this a moderate?|The postcode is cb58rs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. What is the price range for Leverton House?|Leverton House is in the cheap price range. Is there any other information I can get for you?
That is all I need for now. Thanks.|It was a pleasure and thank you for contacting us.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Sure thing!  I like acorn guest house.  Can I book a room for you?
Where is it located? what is it's star rating?|it is located in the north, 154 chesterton road	 and is 4 star rated
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday and the reference number.|Alright, got you booked. You're reference number is: 86WN2LDQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need to book a train for Sunday.|where do you want to go?
I need to get to norwich by 19:00.|We have 19 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
I need a train leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich, sunday. It should arrive by 19:00.|There is a train leaving at 17:36 that arrives at 18:55.  Would you like me to book that for you?
yes thank you.|You are booked on train number TR5291 leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 7:36, arriving in  Norwich at 8:55. The fee is 14.08 pounds and the reference number is YV651F9C.
thank you so much!|enjoy your stay in cambridge
i need info on some attractions|What attraction type are you interested in?
just get me the phone number of any that you will recommend|The phone number of old schools is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would also like information about the express by holiday inn cambridge|It is an expensive place in the east, it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.  Can I book you or answer any other questions?
Yes, please, 5 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|Your hotel is confirmed, starting Friday for 4 days with 5 people. Your confirmation number is XBH5TB70. Can I do anything else for you?
I just wanted to confirm that the attraction you recommended is located in the east part of town.  I forgot to mention that.|It is in the Centre. Would you like me to check attractions in the East?
no thanks for all of your help|Is there anything further I can assist you with?
Nope thats everything thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|sure, what can i help you find?
I would like a train that leaves after 13:00 and goes to Cambridge from Stansted Airport. I'd like it to be on Tuesday.|TR6312 departs at 13:24 and arrives by 13:52. Would you like a ticket?
yes, make a booking for 1person 
Make sure you get the reference number|I will take care of that booking for you now.
Wait, I made a mistake.  I am going from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  Leaving Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday.  I still need just 1 seat.|There are 5 results matching that request. What time would you like to arrive?
Arrival doesnt matter, but it should leave after 13:00. Whatever you recommend. Please book 1 seat. I'll need a reference number as well.|I have booked you on train ID TR8714 leaving at 13:40. 10.10 GBP will be payable at the station and your reference number is I6L9J4IP. Can I do anything else?
Yes please. I also need a place to stay in the west with free wifi.|Is there a price range you'd like?
I don't care about the price.|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Which do you prefer?
I'd like anything with 4 stars. It should have free wifi and parking, in the west|May I recommend the cambridge belfry located on back lane, cambourne. Would you like me to book you a room?
Just my self for two nights starting on sunday.|Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I will need a reference number, if possible.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 9AH9X57T.
Can you provide me with the telephone number to Cambridge Belfry Hotel in case i need to get further assistance on directions.|you can call them on 01954714600.
perfect. that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.|I am glad to help. Enjoy your stay !
Can you help me find an expensive Chinese food restaurant?|What area would you like? There are nine results.
I'm interested in restaurants located in the East.|Okay, Yu Garden matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yeah, could you book it for 8 people on Monday? I think 16:15 is when we want to be seated.|The booking went through, your table is reserved for 15 minutes starting at 16:15. Reference number is BT75STQI.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a hotel near that restaurant.|I would recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, should I book it for you?
If that has free wifi that'll work.|Yes, there is internet there. Would you like a booking then?
Could you tell me the price, address and phone number?|They are expensive and can be reached at 01223866800. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Anything else?
No, that's all for me today! Thank you! Bye!|I hope you have a wonderful stay.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre.|The bedouin is a nice choice. Do you want to book ?
Is that a gastropub?|Yes. The Bedouin serves gastropub food and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 4 people at 16:30 on wednesday?|I apologize the Bedouin serves african food. Could I recommend the Slug and Lettuce, or backstreet bistro, if you would prefer something moderately priced the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
The Slug and Lettuce would be fine. It will need to be on Wednesday for 4 people. We'd like to eat at 16:30.|Okay, you're all booked.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 32V8AA4N.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.|Cambridge has 10 options that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area in which you would like to stay?
Yes, I would prefer to stay in the south.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south, with a 4 star rating, free wifi and cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a stay for 4 people, 3 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Okay, I've got it booked for you for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  The reference number is: HRT9EL5L.  Is there anything else I do for you?
Can you also book a taxi for me between the guesthouse and the restaurant?|Yes what time would you like to travel by taxi?
I would like to arrive in time for our booked time at the Slug and Lettuce.|You're all set. Your car will be a white toyota. If you need to contact the driver, you can call 07073603005.
That is all I need to know. Thanks.|You are welcome, just let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called cityroomz|Cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
That's great. Would you book 5 nights for 3 people, please?|What days will you need the reservation for?
book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 1UT4DOFP.
Thanks, that is all I need. Good bye.|You're welcome and have a great stay.
I am looking for a cheap caribbean restaurant to eat at.|I'm sorry, I am unable to find any restaurants that serve Caribbean cuisine.
How about an Italian restaurant?|What area of town?
The area doesn't matter to me. It just has to be cheap.|Ok I hear good things about pizza hut city centre.  Would you like a table?
Yes. Book for 1 person on Tuesday at 16:45.|I have made those reservations your reference number is 5VEPJ46Z.
Thanks I also need a guesthouse that has free internet.|sure! do you want the hotel to be in a particular area?
No, that doesn't matter.|I'd recommend the allenbell in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Actually, I do need the hotel to be in the north. I'd also like it to be cheap.|Ok, I recommend the worth house. It's a guesthouse in the north. it's cheap but has 4 stars. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a room there. Same group, same day as the restaurant, and we'll stay 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UGEJ4902 Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get there please.|Just to confirm. You need a cab to take you to the Worth House? Where will you be departing from?
No, from worth house to the restaurant, please.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volvo and the contact number is 07887807220.
Thanks, that is all.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I am looking for a place to stay with a guesthouse set up and free parking.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Was there an area of town you were looking for?
I am looking in the Cambridge area.|I'm sorry but I am unable to find anything with those specifications.  Would you like to try anything else?
ok no preference for area any guest house|Is there a price range you'd prefer?
No that doesn't matter. Please just recommend a guesthouse for me that has both parking and internet|There are quite a few choices available for guest houses with free parking and internet. May I suggest the acorn guest house in the north part of town?
Sure, 4 people for 5 nights beginning Sunday.|Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else you need?
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after 21:45.|The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?|I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?|The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?|Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking.|Okay, I have the alpha-milton guest house in the north area.  Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range|There are many,can I get what area you are looking for?
The area is flexible but we would like free parking.|Also have many to choose from,can I please get what area you are looking for it would really narrow it down.
Any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. I need to book 3 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|Okay, you're booked into the Allen Bell guesthouse in the east area of the city. Your reference number is 2ZJFZ6XT.
Great! Can you also tell me if there are any austrian restaurants in town, preferably in the center?|There are no Austrian restaurants in the centre of town. Perhaps a different cuisine?
How about something  just in the cheap price range?|There are a number of cheap options, though none of them serve Austrian food. There are Asian Oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean, Modern European, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Okay, how about Indian food?|Kohinoor, The Gandhi and Mahal of Cambridge all fit your criteria. Any preference?
Give me info about Kohinoor.  Need their address postcode and number, please.|The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre. The postal code is cb12as & the number is 01223323639. Anything else?
I need a taxi to pick me up at the restaurant.|Sure. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 12:00.|And what will your destination be?
Allen Bell guesthouse|I have you booked with a grey tesla. The contact number is 07474877283. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our system!
Have you ever heard of a hotel called the Ashley Hotel?|I have. The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced, 2 star hotel on the north side. Can I get you any more information?
Do they have free parking? And what is their hotel type?|They are a hotel with free parking and free wifi! Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I was just looking for information, thanks though!|Okay, well, did you need anything else today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|You are welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I'm in need lodging that has free wifi and zero stars.|Great! I found three results! Two are in the centre and one in the north. Which would you prefer?
I would prefer one that is a guesthouse.|There are 2 options: one in the North and one in the town Centre. Which would you like?
Can I have the pricing and address of the one in the centre of town?|I cannot see the price but it does say it is cheap. Their address is 41 Warkworth Street.  Would you like me to book it of you?
I am not ready to book just yet. Thanks for your help.|Certainly, is there anything else you need?
Yes, could you tell me the name of the lodging that you mentioned, please?|The name of the guesthouse is El Shaddai.
Thank you so much.  I am all set.  Bye.|You're welcome.  Please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with.
I am looking for the price range of the hotel Finches bed and breakfast.|It is listed in the cheap price range.
Thank you. That's all I needed.|Would you like me to book you in?
No thanks, that'll be it for today.|Have a wonderful day, goodbye.
Hey, I'm looking for a cheap place to dine with indian cuisine preferably!|How about Royal Spice? That's in the north part of town.
Sure, I'd like to try it, can you help me book a table for 4 people?|I can. What day and time will you be dining? Also, how many people will be in your party?
4 people at 17:45 on Monday.  By the way, I need a hotel too, is that something you can help me out with?|i have reserved. Reference number is : TJ5MU21H.
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find somewhere to stay?|I can definitely help you with that! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Please find me a htel in a moderate price range, no need for internet. The area doesn't matter.|I have many options available in the moderate price range.  Are looking for a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.|I have three to choose from. Two in the north and one in the center all moderately priced. Any preference?
How about the center. book it for 3 nights from Monday for 4 people.|There is a moderately priced place named CityRoomz in the centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you that will be all|Ok thanks and enjoy your stay.
Actually I changed my mind.  I do want to book the hotel.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : I1LK8VES.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive|I have several options for you; do you prefer African, Asian, or British food?
Any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. Could I get the phone number for your recommendation?|There is an Afrian place named Bedouin in the centre.  How does that sound?
Sounds good, could I get that phone number? Also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?|Bedouin's phone is 01223367660. As far as hotels go, I recommend the University Arms Hotel in the center of town.
Yes. Can you book it for me?|Sure, when would you like that reservation?
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is FRGZWQL2.  May I help you further?
That is all I need to know. Thanks, good bye.|Thank you so much for Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north with in expensive range.|Sure, is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
That does not matter, can you recommend one?|how about the city stop restaurant. it's european.
Can you get me their address and phone number?|Sure!  Their address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270.  Would you like to book a table?
I also need a room. Four stars, free wifi.|What area are you looking for?
i want one in the same area as the restaurant|There are a number of options in the north. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I would want something moderately priced.|Okay, I recommend the acorn guest house.
Great! Please book a room for Thursday-- 3 nights, 3 people.|You are all booked for the acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is 8EXVDFF3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today, good bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
What is the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|Address is Hills Road. Is there anything else?
Can I also get their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you! Can you also help me find a hotel?|I sure can. What kind of hotel are you interested in, in what part of town and what's your price range?
I'd like a 4-star place with free wifi and parking.|We have 3 hotels and 16 guesthouses across town to choose from! Do you have any preferences?
I would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending Wednesday and Thursday night.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
Well, I was going to visit Christ college so same area is that.  I forgot to ask you earlier, I always confuse hospitals and colleges.|Christ College is in the Centre. Would you like me to look for a hotel there?
it doesn't matter. i will be looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|I have found a guesthouse and a hotel in the Centre near Christ College. The guest house is priced cheap and the hotel is expensive. Do you need a booking?
Please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 2 nights.|I have made reservations for your party of 8 at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference is JN4ZA7ED. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel.|How many people will be traveling?
8 people will be traveling.|What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave by 21:00.|Okay! You'll be picked up in a grey Toyota, and the phone number is 07183775918. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|What else can I look up for you?
no Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need some info on a restaurant called royal spice.|royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north, Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Could I book a table at 17:15 on Friday, please?|Sure, how many people will be dining?
I need a table for 7 people.|I managed to book you for Friday, table for 7 at 17:15.  Your reference number is 7BATDN36.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free parking|Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I would like something moderately priced and I think I would prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel if possible.|I would suggest acorn guest house
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number?|The phone number for acorn guest house is 01223353888. Is there anything further I can assist you with today?
what is the car type?|I'm sorry, I do not understand your question. Can I help with anything else?
I'm sorry, I need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant in time for our reservation.|your all set a black honda will be picking you up contact # is 07109811358
Thank you for the information and bookings. There's nothing more. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a guesthouse, with parking that is free.|I would recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a guesthouse in the west that is 3 stars.|With that criteria, I only have one option. It would be the Hobsons House. It is moderately priced and offers free parking and wifi. Would you like to book?
entrance fee, address, and phone number|Phone is 01223304906. Address is 96 barton road. There is no entrance fee.
Okay.  Can you book the Hobsons House for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Saturday?|You got it! Booking was successful. Reference number is : INXJI4JD.
Great, thanks, sorry for the confusion earlier! Can you help me find a train, too, please? I'm traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on the same day as my hotel reservation.|I have several trains that fit that description. What time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive in cambridge by 19:15.|I now have seven results.  To help narrow it down more, what time would you like to depart?
Whatever gets me an arrival time closest to 19:15|I have TR 3474 from bishops stortford to cambridge arriving at 18:07. Will that work?
What is the travel time of that train?|The travel time is 38 minutes. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
That is all for now. Thanks|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a place to stay out in Cambridge. Can you help me book one?|I just need more information to find the perfect place for you. What area are you interested in staying in and the price range?
I need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. Should also be in the east.|I do not have anything there. Any other place you might like or criteria?
Yes try the north please.|how about acorn guest house? it's lovely
Is it available for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Friday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 98H31LT2.
Thanks! I think that's all I need, but let me check with my wife.|OK. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Ah, she reminded me, I need a train to Cambridge that arrives by 17:45. Can you recommend one, please?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.|The TR4351 from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday departs at 15:09 and arrives at 16:54. There are some that are earlier as well. Shall I book it for you?
I don't need it booked at this time. Thanks for the information.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thanks, I don't need anything else right now. Have a great day though!|You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with free parking.|I have 4 options for you - would you like cheap or expensive? I have nothing in between.
I'm flexible on the price point butthe place will need to be a guesthouse that also had free wifi.|Okay, that narrows it to two: Alexander Bed and Breakfast (4 stars) or El Shaddai (0 stars). They're both cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
Not right now. Could I have the phone number for the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|Yes, the phone number is 01223525725. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge with decent prices.|I found 33 places that will fit your preferences. Do you have preference as to the area?
The area is flexible. But, I would like something moderately priced and have a star rating of 0.|I see 2 hotels with a zero rating; north side and centre. Which one can I book for you?
I would like it in the centre.|What day would you like to book?  How many days will you be staying and how many people will be staying?
Friday, for 1 person and will stay for 2 days. Can you book it for me ?|el shaddai has been booked for you for Friday.
Oh I'm sorry I forgot to mention I must have a hotel that includes free parking.|El shaddai includes both free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'll need help finding a restaurant called the Cambridge chop shop, too.|You might be thinking of The Cambridge Chop House, at 1 Kings Parade. Does that sound right? I can help you book a table if you like.
Yeah that's it, book it for me as well please.|What time would you like to book the restaurant for and how many people in your party.
I don't need a reservation at this moment. Can I have the postcode for the el shaddai hotel?|Sure the postcode is cb11eg. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's everything I need. Thanks a bunch!|Okay, well thank you for calling!  You have a good day!
Can you get me a train leaving after 18:15 departing from cambridge?|Sure! What day are you leaving? Where are you heading to?
I need to go to Norwich on Friday.|There are several. You can leave as early as 18:36, and as late as 23:36. Trains are every hour. Which would you like?
18:36, please. Book for 8 people. Give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: CXC7G5W9. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, can I also get a place to stay with free wifi and parking?|how about archway house?
Is it in the south?|aylesbray lodge guest house fits that criteria and is in the south.
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?|01223240089 is the number and postcode is	cb17sr  address is 5 mowbray road
Thank you so much for your help.|Not a problem, have a good day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the south, I don't need a free parking option.|Sure, do you need a hotel room or would you like a guesthouse?
It doesn't really matter to me.|Are you looking for a particular price range?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range.|We have the Lensfield hotel in the south that is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation there?
Sure, I need 3 nights arriving on Saturday.  There are 7 of us.|I am sorry, I could not get that booked for you maybe another day or a shorter stay perhaps?
How about 1 night?|I was able to successfully book for 1 night. Your reference number is GS8AHUYB. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that serves Italian food.|The pizza hut cherry hinton features italian food and is located in the south.
OK, can I get theie phone number and postal code?|The phone number is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!|You are welcome, have a great day!
I hope that you have a great day as well!|Thank you, if you need anything else just ask.
I am looking for a hotel on the east side, and I would prefer a four star hotel|Does the hotel needs to have free parking?
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible, what is there available?|The warkworth house is moderately priced and meets your criteria.  Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
I would like a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|Okay, that booking was successful. You're reference number is 3AT2D81N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much for your help.|Is there any thing else you need?
No, again, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Help me find a place to stay. I need a cheap hotel in the east.|I'm so sorry, but I couldn't find anything fitting your specifications.  Would you like for me to look in another area?
I might be able to spend more if the hotel comes with free wifi.|Ok, the express by holiday inn cambridge has wifi but it's expensive. Do you want to book it?
No. Let me clarify. I am looking for a hotel or guesthouse but I would like it to be cheap and in the east with free wifi.|What price range are you looking for?
I need a cheap place to stay in the east area with wifi, please.|I cant find a entry,would you want a different location ?
I need to find a 4 star rated place to stay with free parking.|Ok, there are 19 in town. Is there a particular part of town you're interested in?
No particular area but I would like it to be a hotel type in the moderate price range.|I would suggest acorn guest house would you like me to book this for you?
I think I'll take a drive past first and make sure it doesn't look dodgy. Can you give me the address please?|The address is 154 chesterton road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I am all set.|Can I get you set up in a room then?
Yes. 7 people 5 nights from Wednesday.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 5D2U451A.  What else can I do for you?
I was also interested in finding a place to go in town to see some architecture.|we have quite a few olds schools is great, alot of people go there
What is the entrance fee there?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll need to book a taxi to commute between Olds Schools and the hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 22:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow honda
Contact number	:	07785353163
Can I help with anything else today?
that is all for today. thanks for the help|thanks and enjoy your stay
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern european food.|the river bar steakhouse and grill offers modern european food and their prices are cheap.
That sounds good, could I please have their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is : 01223307030 and their postcode is cb58aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find information on University Arms Hotel, can you help me find it?|Sure! It's a 4-star, expensive hotel in the centre. It offers free internet and parking. Address: regent street cb21ad. Phone number 01223351241. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that's all the info I need, thanks!|Thank You, Goodbye
Thank you very much for the assistance, take care!|Thank you for contacting the Help Desk, have a wonderful day.
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.|I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.|I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?|Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday|Okay. I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number|May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.|I made the booking for you.  Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T.  What else can I do for you?
I need a train.|I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
I need a three-star place to stay please.|The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a star rating of 3. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you.  I am looking for a hotel instead of a guesthouse.|The gonville hotel is expensive and in the center of town. The lensfield hotel is also expensive, but it is in the south.
I'd like to book the Lensfield Hotel for 2 nights for 8 people starting from Wednesday.|I am sorry. I was unable to book that for you. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes. I'd like one in the same price range, please.|There is the Lensfield hotel which is 3 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Yes please try that.|I was not able to get you into the Lensfield but I can book you into the Gonville Hotel if you like.
That would be great. Thank you.|Okay great. I was able to book the Gonville Hotel and your reference number is KWEQK0K1.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome.  Can I do anything else for you today?
No that is all thank you very much.|No problem! Happy to help! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.|There are a few good guest houses to choose from, like a and b guest house, acorn guest house, alexander bed and breakfast, and allenbell are all 4 stars.
Are any of those 4 star?|Yes they are. What area would you prefer?
Please recommend one that is in the North. Wifi not a necessity.|i recommend home from home. can i book for you?
Yes book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday please.  Can you suggest good restaurants in the area as well?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is LQS5D89F. What type of food would you like?
I would prefer Italian food and to be in the same area as the hotel. Thank you.|da vinci pizzeria is in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. Again, there are 5 of us on Sunday. Book us for 11:00.|Booked! The reference number is 4JW5ITOL. Anything else today?
I would like a taxi to the restaurant.|For your taxi, I need to know your departure location and a time you want to leave after or arrive by
I want to depart from my hotel and arrive at the restaurant in time for my 11:00 reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi|Contact them at 07437768895, it is a red Honda.
Thanks for your help, goodbye!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
Can you find a restaurant that serves british food and is in the centre?|There are seven restaurants in the center of town serving British food. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range. Can you also provide me addresses?|May i suggest the oak bistro? It has a moderate price range and excellent quality. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a booking, just an address.|The oak bistro is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.  I would prefer the same area with free wifi.|I've found the Alexander Bed and Breakfast that would meet your needs.
I will need to book the hotel for 2 nights, with 8 people starting on Sunday, May 7.|I'm sorry, but they have no vacancies for that stay. I could try a different day or perhaps just try booking one night for you.
Is there anything available for just 1 night?|Yes, I was able to book the alexander for one night! Your Reference number is : AWHCN41U
That's great! Thank you very much.|You are very welcome. Have a good day.
I am looking for a cheap two star hotel in the North can you help?|Unfortunately, there is nothing available in that area.
Then can you find a hotel in the west with a moderate price range that includes free wifi?|There is nothing like that available either. Would you like to try searching for something else?
how about one that has free parking?|There are two hotels in the west that have free parking. One is in the expensive price range and one is in the cheap range. Which would you prefer?
I would prefer the cheap range.  Can you book for me 8 people for four nights beginning on Friday?  I will need the reference number.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is : WPCH771U.  You will be staying at The Cambridge Belfry in the west area.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find something fun for me to do while I am in town?|I would suggest visiting the old schools.
Are there any parks around?|There are several parks in town. In the centre there's the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, and a few others in the north, east, and south. Do you have a preference?
I would it to be in the east and could I get a postcode. Thanks goodbye|The cherry hinton water play is located in the east and the postcode is cb18dw.
Hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves scottish cuisine. Could you recommend somewhere near the centre?|There are currently no available restaurants with scottish food in the centre. Would you me to look in another area?
No, let's stay in the centre. Are there any Chinese places there?|Yes I have many options. What price range would you most prefer?
Any price range is fine.|How about the Charlie Chan? They are a budget-friendly Chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
That sounds good. May I have their telephone number? Also could you help me finding a 4 star hotel in the same area?|There phone number is 01223361763.  university arms hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel.  May I book it for you?
Oh, no, I really need the hotel to be cheap.|The alexander bed and breakfast is the  only cheap 4 star place in the centre of town. Will a guesthouse instead of a hotel work for you?
Yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from Thursday for 3 people. I will need a reference number as well.|I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful for three days.  Would you like to try two?
Yes please try for 2 nights instead.|A booking for 3 people for 2 days is unsuccessful. Would you like to try anything else?
The booking should be for 5 people and 2 nights. Can you please try again?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ATBUIFXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the Alexander B & B to the restaurant.  I need to leave the hotel by 3:45 at the very latest.|Sure.  Look out for a white Volvo.  The contact number will be 07936735628.  Anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you for your assistance!|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm so tired. Really need a place to lay my head for the nights. Can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the south?|Absolutely!  There is the Bridge Guest House which is moderately priced and The Lensfield Hotel which is more expensive. They are both 3-star establishments in the South.
Does the Lensfield Hotel include parking?|Yes, it does include parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book that for 6 people starting Thursday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well.|Your rooms for 6 have been reserved at the Lensfield Hotel. Reference number: P00B5C1R. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, I  need a trains going to london liverpool street.|Sure. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday and need to arrive by 13:15.|I've booked 6 tickets for you.  The total is 99.6 GBP and your reference number is VZX1QAGN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that seems to be everything. Thank you.|Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called golden wok.|If you go there, you are in for a treat. They have excellent food! They are moderately priced and located in the north. They are at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can you assist me in making a reservation for Friday?|Sure.  How many people will be in your party and what time would you like to dine?
There will be 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.|I have successfully made a reservation for your party at the Golden Wok for Friday. Your reference is YCGV7GX9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a 5 star hotel too with free wifi.|There are no hotels that match what you need. Would you be ok with booking a four star?
just that would be nice|Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?  Would you like it in the cheap, moderate, or expensive range?  That will help narrow it down.
A hotel, please. I'm not worried about the price.|How about the allenbell it is a guesthouse located in the east it is also cheaply priced with 4 stars.
Great can I book that for 3 nights for 7 people on friday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : BNFZMVOX.  Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Okay, what time are you leaving?
I just need to arrive in time for my reservation at 11:15.|I've booked a you a taxi, a blue volvo will come to pick you up. Their contact number is 07808756171
Thank you, that is everything I need|enjoy your stay
Thank you, I will definitely try to do that. Bye.|Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Could you give me some details for Carolina bed and breakfast?|Carolina Bed & Breakfast is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse on the east side of town. Do you need additional details?
No, that sounds wonderful.  Can you book a room for me for 4 nights starting on Friday?  It will just be myself.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 8IFKQGD8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.|Have a good day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.|Acorn guest house is in the north, would that work for you?
Yes if it has free parking, meals, pool and wifi. I want it to be in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Acorn Guest House is moderately priced, and does have free parking and wifi. Would you be interested?
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free parking, a 2 star rating, and in the moderate price range.|How about Ashley Hotel in the north part of town? It's on Chesterton Road.
Sounds good.  Can you book it for four nights starting on Tuesday?|No, I am sorry another day perhaps or a shorter stay might be able to get that booked for you.
Can we try it for 1 night?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is NTQSJSP0. Do you need further assistance today?
Yes. I need a train from Ely to Cambridge.|The trains departs from Ely every two hours at 5:52, 7:52 so on. What time do you plan to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by 21:45. Could you find me close to that time?|And which day would you like to leave on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please, can I have the price and depature times also?|Your best bet would be TR1537 which arrives in Cambridge at 19:52.  The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket and the departure time is 19:35.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you! Please feel free to contact us if you change your mind or need further assistance! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on Saturday.|I am getting the train schedule on my computer as we speak, where will you be coming from and what time?
I'm leaving Ely and want to be in Cambridge by 12:15.|We have four trains arriving by 12:15. Is there any particular time you would like to leave by?
No, I don't need to leave by a particular time. I want to arrive by 12:15 though.|TR3052 will arrive at 11:52, would that work for you?
Yes, it would. Please make a booking for 3 people and provide the reference number. I will also need a place to stay.|booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : QSAS4UNL. what else can i do for you
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 4.|We have many to choose from, would you like a recommendation? or is there something specific you want?
No you can choose one for me.|Ok, I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, it's a cheap 4-star hotel in the centre, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please, 4 people for 5 nights on saturday.|Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JVTIZ6EI. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye|Happy to be of help, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|What type of lodging would you prefer? And do you care about price or area?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference.|Do you have a preference on price range?
I would like someplace expensive.|I'm not finding anything meeting that criteria. Would you like to try a moderately priced guesthouse?
What about an expensive hotel?|The gonville hotel is expensive with free wifi. Shall I book it for you?
What is their postcode?|The postcode for Gonville Hotel is cb11ly. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all, thank you.|You're very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
i need a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have a preference in location?
I would prefer it to be in the North.|Do you have a price range or star level in mind?
I don't care about price but I'd like a 4 star place.|I have 8 different four star guesthouses.  They all include internet, would you like to make a reservation?
Can you select one and make a reservation for me for Thursday please?|I can book you into the Acorn Guest house. How many nights do you want to stay?
Does that have free parking?|Yes, the Acorn guest house has parking
Can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning Thursday?|How many people will be staying at the Acorn, please? Is the booking for you only?
There will be 5 of us|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7FLYWY4J. I would love to help with anything else !
I also need a cinema to visit?|Do you have a particular part of town in mind?
In the same area as the hotel|Sorry, I didn't find any cinemas in the north.
Hmm, how about a park, then?|I don't have that either.
Will you please try again? There's gotta be a park somewhere.|I have 5 other parks in the centre, east, north, and south.
I just want a park in the same area as my hotel|Oh okay, looks like there is one park. It is Milton Country Park in the North. Their phone number is 01223420060. The address is milton country park, milton.
Thanks, I need a taxi to get between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by 09:15|Okay I have booked a yellow toyota for you. The contact number will be 07196305390
Great. Can you also book a place for dinner on Thursday night?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need a don't care restaurant. Thank you|I'm sorry, there was an error in our system. Could you please rephrase your question?
I need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. I want to leave the attraction by 9:15 and I need car type and contact number please. Thank you, bye..|Ok.  I booked a yellow toyota for you leaving milton country park at 09:15 and going to the acron guest house.  Is that correct?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|There are 6 hotels listed at 3 star. There are 2 in the north, 1 south, 1 west and 1 centre. Would you like more information?
I don't care where the hotel is located, but I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.|I have 4 options for you. Do you need free wifi and parking? I have 3 that offer these and 1 that does not.
Yes please. Can you recommend me of them?|The hamilton lodge is nice and in the north area. Would you like a booking today?
No, thank you. Can I just get the address, please?|The hamilton lodge is located 156 chesterton road. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
That's all I need today - I appreciate your help!|Of course. Let me know if there's anything else I can help you with.
Hi! Can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the west side of town please?|I found four hotels do you have any other requirements?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.|Hobsons House matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
No thank you that's all the information I need today.|Alright then. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm not quite done. Would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 4 nights? We'll be arriving on Friday.|Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that long a stay. Would you like to try for a shorter stay or different day?
Okay, how about a booking for 1 night?|I was able to book 1 night at hobsons house for Friday. Your reference number is R87K52QJ.
Thank you very much. That is all I need!|You're welcome!  I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.
Yes, I would love some help finding a train. I would like to leave Cambridge headed to Bishops Stortford.|I have found 70 trains that will get you there. Do you have a specific day in mind?
I want to leave on Thursday.|There are 10 trains on that route Thursday, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I want to arrive by 15:00|I have train TR0927 arriving at 14:07 is that okay with you?
That is fine.  Please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PQQVSRVH. anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel as well. I need it to be moderately priced in the east, with free wifi.|There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes please that would be wonderful!|I recommend the Warkworth House.  It's a 4 star moderate goes house with wifi and parking.
That one will work. Please book it for Tuesday. 2 nights, 7 people.|Okay you are booked for the Warkworth House and your reference number is 5D2ZGIE. Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it.   Thank you for your time and helpfulness.|You are very welcome. Have a great morning.
I need a restaurant that serves Thai food, that is expensive and is in Cambridge please|Bangkok City is located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their number is 01223354382
That sounds perfect. Can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at 3:15 pm on Sunday? I need the reference number, as well.|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 3CZFPQPV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Same price range as the restaurant and in the centre of town, please.|ok i found 2 hotels in that area gonville hotel and university arms hotel which one would you like
Can I get one that has free parking?|Both offer free parking. The University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Tell me what hotel type it is?|Both of them are in the same category of "Hotel"
Thanks, I  would also like a taxi. I'll need one from the hotel to make it to my dinner reservation.|I booked a car for you, it's a white honda, the contact number is 07776292730. Did you want me to book you at the University Arms, or just the information?
No thanks. I can book it myself later on. Thank you for all your help. Have a good day. Bye.|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?|Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and WiFi.|There is the Hobsons House.  It is nice and is a 3 star guesthouse.
I want a train leaving from norwich.|When will you be traveling?
I will be traveling by train, on Friday.|Sure.  Can I just confirm that your destination is Cambridge? And, is there a particular time frame you prefer?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge. I would love to arrive by 08:30 please.|TR3339 is your best bet. It will arrive in Cambridge at 07:35.
Okay. Could you also help me with a a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with 3 stars.|Alpha Milton Guest House is a nice place,do you want more information ?>
Where is Rosa's bed and breakfast hotel located in the Cambridge area?|rosa's bed and breakfast is located on the southend. Any other information I can provide?
i want to know its star rating price range,|Rosa's is a cheap 4-star guesthouse. Are you interested in booking a room?
what is the price range? i am also interested in a place to go and should be in the centre|Rosa's is cheap.  What type of attraction are you hoping to find?
I am open to whatever you suggest as long as it is in the centre area.|Let me suggest the museum Regency Gallery. It is in Centre and free. Does that interest you or shall we keep looking?
That works great. Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Yes, the postcode is cb11er and phone number is 01223365454
Thank you.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel|There are quite a few hotels that fit that description. Do you have a preference as to area or price range?
I would like something in the east with 2 stars.|It looks like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge will work well for you. Would you like me to book that?
Does it have free parking? Can you provide me with the contact details of this hotel?|Yes, it offers free parking. The phone number is 01223866800.
thanks. What's the address?|The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.  Would you like a reservation?
That's not necessary, thanks.|You're welcome. May I help you with a taxi or restaurant booking?
That was all. Thank you|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
What's a good museum to go to in cambridge?|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
I will go to any part.|I recommend visiting the Byard Art museum in the south. It's free to get in. Their address is 14 King's Parade.
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223464646, postcode cb21sj and located at 14 king's parade.  Admission is free!  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please, I am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is guesthouse. Preferably in the east with free wifi.|There are 6 guesthouses that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a cheap or moderate price range?
That doesn't matter. You can just recommend one and then help me with a booking please|May I have how many guest ?
4 people. Starting saturday, 3 nights.|Will you need free parking?
That's not necessary at all. Thanks.|Great.  Thanks for letting us help you!
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotels that has Wifi?|There are 17. What part of town would you like to stay in?
no preference. It needs to have 3 stars and offer free wifi.|Hobsons house is in the west part of town
That sounds great. I need to make a booking for sunday for 4 nights.|How many people are in your party?
Oh, yeah, five people, please.|Ok, you're all booked! Reference number is 7IM8XDQ0. Can I be of further help?
Thanks.  I'd also like to make a reservation at J Restaurant.|How many people, what time and day please?
same group of people, at 12:30 on the same day.|I've booked j's. Your reference number is ZB61EZ13. Do you need any more assistance?
Yes, please. Can I get a taxi between those 2 locations?|Sure thing is there a specific time you need to leave?
Well, I'd like to be picked up at the hotel, and I need to get to the restaurant no later than 12:30, the reservation time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black bmw
Contact number	:	07539045657
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
Are there any guesthouses with free parking?|Yes, there are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Is there an area of town or price range that you prefer?
I would like something in the centre that is cheap|Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai are both available.
Can you book Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me?  I have 8 people and would like to stay 5 nights, starting Thursday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is IY4GSCGL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you for your help.  Bye.|Have a great stay! Goodbye!
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.|Sure.  There are six different options in that area.  What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet.  I just for sure want a 4 star place.|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.|Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 544D87NG.
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?|Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
Hi! I need a train to birmingham new street.|What day would you be needing the train?
I will be traveling on Wednesday from Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45 please.|TR8860 departs at 14:01 and arrives by 16:44. Would you like a ticket?
Could you just give me the train id and price on that please?|The train ID is TR8860 and the price is 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need today?
i would also  love to find a place to stay and should be in the east|Sure no problem. What type of hotel are you looking for?
need one in the east and have 2 stars.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I need a hotel in the lower price range that includes free parking.|You're in luck, I have 10 results that match that description! What area of town are you looking for?
Any area, really. But also free internet if possible!|They all have free wifi! I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse in the east.
Can you book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting Friday?|I have your reservation for 6 people starting friday and staying 2 nights, your reference number is XELL9B9J.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to Ely.|What day did you want to travel and did you have a time you preferred to leave?
I'd like to leave after 10:15 on Sunday.|I have train TR1159 leaving at 11:50 and arrive 12:07.  WOuld you like to book that?
yes please book it.|Sure, should I book for 6 people?
I do not need to book it, all I needed was that info today, thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I would like to find a 2 star hotel to stay at that also includes free parking. Do you have any suggestions?|The Ashley hotel, Lovell Lodge and Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge match your criteria. Would you like more info on them?
I need a guesthouse.|Unfortunately there are no guest houses in that area.
Then a hotel please. What are my options?|There are three hotels that match your criteria.  The Express by Holiday Inn is in the East.  The Lovell Lodge and the Ashley Hotel are both in the North.  All three offer free parking, would you like their contact information?
Okay can I make a booking at Ashley Hotel for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Your booking is complete! Your reference number is 35ED1A8C. Do you need anything else?
no that's it thanks for your help|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?|We have nine of them that fall in the price range, do you have any more specific preferences?
I was hoping for Indian food.|I have 5 places that match your wants. Would you like to try the india house?
Sure. Do they have table for 1 on Sunday at 15:45?|Confirmed table for 1 for 15 minutes on the said date. Do you need me to keep the reservation and is there any other thing i can do for you?
I'd like to have the reference number please|Yes of course. It is CHBHZPDM.
Yes I am seeking information on a particular hotel, Hobson's House.|its a guesthouse located in the west and has free internet and parking, would you like a room?
I'm not sure. What is the price range?|It's in the moderate price range.
Can I get a taxi that would take me from Hobson's House to the restaurant?|I'd love to help. When would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 15:45.|I was able to book a black bmw phone number is 07591473862
Great! Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all that I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.|To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.|unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out|Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.|One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
Hi, I need to take a train on Sunday that leaves after 08:45.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and need to go to Leicester.|I have train TR3371 that leaves at 09:21 and arrives in Leicester at 11:06. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Please reserve 7 seats on it for my party and I.|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : B7ID18CR.
I'm also looking for information on the huntingdon marriott hotel.|It is an expensive 4 star hotel located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number and postcode are  01480446000 and pe296fl.
That's perfect, thanks!|Can I go ahead and book this for you?
no, i just need their address.|It Kingfisher way in Hincibrook buisness park,huntington
I'd like some information on places to go in town. I'd like to go to a museum with free admission. Can you make a suggestion? Please provide phone number.|I have 23 museums to choose from and most have a free entrance.  Can you narrow down where you want to go?
I don't really have a preference. Are there any art museums?|Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum located in the centre area of town. Their number is 01223324222. Do you need anymore information?
Yes.  I need a place to stay with free wifi|Yes well what price range are you looking for and what area of town do you wish to stay in?
it should be in the expensive price range. free parking and should have a star of 4|In that case, you absolutely want to stay at the University Arms Hotel.  It is in the Centre area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No just give me the address please.|Yes the address is Regent Street.
Thank you. That is all i needed.|Great.  Have a nice day.
I'm visiting cambridge and I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.|I have two options. One in the north and one in the center. Do you have a preference?
No, it should be in the moderate price range and include free wiki, though.|I'm so sorry but we don't have anything that exactly matches that.  Since you want a 0 star how about a cheap guesthouse called el shaddai in the centre?
what about  the one on the cheap range?|Yes I have two options for you. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.|I have made a booking for you for city centre north b and b. Your reference number is K9NGVLIT.
thanks i'm also looking for a restaurant.|I'd be happy to help you.  What kind of cuisine are you wanting to try?
i am actually looking to book a restaurant called riverside brasserie.|What day would you like to book that for?
I would like to book it for Thursday for 8 people for 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : KUWF73DZ.
Thank you so much!|Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's it, thanks!|Glad I was able to help you. Have a good day.
Are there any trains that arrive in Cambridge before 11:45?|Yes there are.  We start in early morning on most places.  Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am leaving broxbourne on saturday.|TR2025 will arrive by 11:32. Do you need anything else?
Yes, would you please make a booking for 8 on that train.|The booking on Train TR2025 was successful for a party of. The Reference number is : IHPHIR7N.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free parking?|There are 29 hotels and guesthouses that have free parking. What area are you looking into?
A hotel in the heart of the center of the city that is a two star hotel or a hostel. But is has to be in the center of the town.|I'm sorry, there are no matching hotels or guesthouses.  Can you try a different star rating perhaps?
As long as its in the centre and has a moderate price range its ok if it isnt a 2 star hotel. What options do I have?|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing anything in the center area with a moderate price range and free parking.  Are you flexible at all with this?
Sure, I can be flexible.  How about in the north?  I need it for 8, for two nights starting Saturday.  I need a reference number also.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : HZKM08KO. is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|It was my pleasure to assist you today. Please let us know if we can be of further help. Good-bye.
Can you help me find guesthouses in the west of town?|Of course, I have two available one is cheap and one is moderate what do you prefer?
Do either of them have a 3 star rating?|Yes, the Hobsons House has 3 stars and meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|I was able to book that reservation for you. The reference number is RL3S28T3.
That's all I need, thank you|welcome again next time
Thanks agian. Goodbye.|We were able to find accommodations for this person.
I need a cheap room, free parking.|I have 10 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I dont have a preferred area. It doesnt need to have internet.|How about the Allenbell in the east or the alexander bed and breakfastin the North? Both are guest houses. There's also the the cambridge belfry hotel in the West.
Any one of them will do. As long as it has free wifi please.|What night will you begin your stay and how many nights will you be staying?
I need to book a hotel for just myself. It will be for three nights starting from Tuesday.|I was able to book you at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number 3AUURSZJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Okay Glad I could be of help.
Can you help me find somewhere to stay with free wifi?|Sure, most places offer that these days.  Do you have an area of town you would like to stay in?
We need the hotel to be in the north.|Okay and what is your price range?
Price range doesn't matter to me. I'd like it to have a one star.|I'm so sorry, but we don't have a one star in that area.  Would you like for me to check a different area?
How about a 4 star rating?|The acorn guest house is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
sure, i need it for 3 nights starting wednesday.|Before I book how many people will be staying with you?
Please book the hotel for 5 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YYXR9VMX
Thanks. I also need a restaurant in the same area.|There are several restaurants, what type of food and price range?
Indian food would be great.|Okay, what is your price range? We have one in the moderate and one in the cheap range.
Can you please make a reservation at the moderately priced one?|The Nirala serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is located in the north. How many in your party? What time would you like the table reserved?
Ok great, can you book a table for 5 at 14:00 on Wednesday.|I will book that for you now.
Thanks, I will need the reference number.|Your reference number is QV1Z4XH7.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for helping me with both bookings so quickly. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your travel.
I need a guesthouse please.|There are 24 different guesthouses available. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North area.|There are 5 option in the north. Do you have any other preferences to help narrow down your choice?
I am actually looking for a 4 star rating in an expensive price range.|I have several hotels available with a 4 star rating but none in an expensive price range.  Would a moderate range work for you?
Is sure would.  Can you book a room for 2 people for 2 nights on Monday?|I booked for you a room at arbury lodge guesthouse. It has parking slots and free wifi. Do you need anything else?
I need a reference number for that booking!|Sure, your reference number is B1IP09IZ.
Wonderful! Good bye!|Glad I could help! Goodbye.
Can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side?|There are 8 guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred price range?
Yes I want moderate price range|I found 7 hotels that meets your criteria. Do you want parking?
Yes, free parking is important. And also make sure it's an actual hotel rather than a guesthouse, I prefer the amenities of a hotel.|I'm sorry but in this area we have only guesthouses. Would you want to choose one of them?
I guess I don't have a choice. Book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday.|I booked you accomodation at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your reference number is AO41SUKL. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all, thanks for the assistance!|Sure, I'm here yo help. Have a lovely stay!
I need hotel tips, can you help?|I definitely can help with that. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price doesn't really matter.  I do prefer 4 stars though, and free parking.|I'm sorry. It appears that there are no four star hotels in Cambridge with free parking. Can I help with something else?
Could you look again, 4 star and free wifi, does not need to be hotel can be any room.|I am still getting no results. How else may I help you?
Um really? There is no 4 star accommodations with free parking in all of Cambridge? I have a hard time believing that.|Sorry, there aren't any. Could I check for something else?
Are there any places to stay that offer free wifi?|I'm sorry, there really are none that match your criteria. Are you sure you don't want to lower your star rating?
What about with wifi and no parking?|I apologize, we actually have 19 options matching your query. Do you have a preference for price range?
I don't have a price in mind.  As long as it has free wifi and parking, I just need the name, area, and type please|The acorn guest house is a guesthouse	in the north. May I help with anything else ?
I am looking for the saint catharine's college|I found that info st catharines college is located at kings parade, has free entrance and its phone number is 012233338300. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. I want to leave the college by 07:30.|Your taxi is booked, look for a blue ford, phone number is 07891245613, any other questions?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.|Okay, have a great time in town!
Please suggest to me a 4 star motel in Cambridge that offer free wifi.|We have several.  Do you have a preferred section of the city?
No, but I would like it to be cheap.|There are 8 lodgings to choose from - 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel. They all provide complimentary Internet and parking and all have 4 star ratings.
Ok, I would like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.|What part of town? What day would you like to start your stay?
I want a hotel but I don't have an area preference.|The allenbell is a cheap option.
Sounds great! Can you book a room for 7 people for 5 nights? We'll be arriving on Thursday.|Yes, I will book that for you now.
Yes, I will book that for you now.|I've booked your party of 7 a room at the Allenbell beginning on Thursday for a total of 5 nights.  Your reference number is H1S8FEQ9. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks! I'd also like to book a table at Ian Hong House. It will need to be on the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 13:30.|Ok, booking was successful. You've got a table for 7 on Thursday at 13:30. Reference number is : M3V096O6.
Thank you so much for your help|Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
Hi, i am looking for some museums that I could visit when in town, could you help me find some?|Is there an area of town you prefer?
No, I don't care.|I recommend the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to enter!
I also need a place to stay|Great! There are 33 hotels in the area. What area of town would you like to stay in? What is your preference on price?
The attraction should be in the type of museum. I don't care about the price range or the area|Just to clarify - did you need a different museum? Or a hotel?
That museum from earlier is fine, I just need their postalcode.  I need a hotel two in the west and moderately priced.|The postal code for Cafe Jello Gallery is cb30af. Okay, Hobson's House matches your request.
Do they have internet?|Yes they do. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will do that later. Can you please arrange for taxi service from Cafe Jello to Hobson's House sometime after 04:00?|I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a grey Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07615015749.
Well that you that is all i need for today|Your welcome.  Have a great day!
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.|I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel.  It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings.  Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?|The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.|I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.  It leaves at 23:00.  Will that work?
That would be just fine can you book that for 6 people?|Your reservation for 6 on the TR7942 train was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 4SU5FYGN.
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Goodbye!
Could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the south side?|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything that meets your specifications. Can I look in another area for you?
It really needs to be in the south and have a 5 star rating. It can be a hotel or guesthouse though.|I'm sorry but there are no hotels are guesthouses with a 5 star rating in the south. Would you like to try a 4 star rating instead?
Yeah, that would be fine.|We have 2 guesthouses that match your needs. aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Does either of these fancy your interest?
Do either of them have internet? I'll also take the address for both.|Yes, they both do. Aylesbray is at 5 Mowbray Road, and Rosa's is located at 53 Roseford Road.
Thanks for the information!|You are welcome, do you need any thing else?
That should be all, thank you.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
I am excited to visit some of your attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay in the east part of town?|6 of the 7 places that match your request are guesthouses. Is that acceptable? And what pricerange are you needing?
Yes, a guesthouse would be great. I'd like for it to be in the moderate price range.|Ok.  There are three choices.  Do you need free parking?
you want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday. no parking|Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4AFI8ET. what else do you need?
I'm looking for an attraction called the Cambridge Corn Exchange? Can you provide me with more information?|The cambridge corn exchange is located in the centre of town on wheeler st. The phone number is 01223357851 and the postcode is cb23qe. Anything else I can help with?
Can you book a taxi for me at 15:15 from the corn exchange to the guesthouse?|I sure can.  I book a white tesla for 15:15.  The reference number is 07560492867.
Thanks. I believe the car was the last thing I needed.|Alright, you are very welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a train leaving on thursday going to cambridge?|sure, where are you departing from?
Departing from Broxbourne and leaving after 17:00.|TR1828 is leaving at 17:32, would you like to do that?
Yes please. I need reservations for two people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8BR3OQ5V.  What else can I assist you with today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to stay in the north part of town.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any places that are expensive in the north. Can I look for something else for you?
Could you please double check to make sure? if that's really the case then try the center|I'm sorry, but the north does not have anything to meet your needs. There are, however, 2 options that meet your needs in the centre. One 3 and one 4 star.
Can I get more info on the 3 star one?|Sure, Gonville Hotel is a 3 star rating hotel located at Gonville Place.  It offers free parking and free wifi.  Would you like me to reserve a room?
Yes, for 4 nights from Thursday, and 2 people.|Done! Your reference number is V43NQGH7. Can I help you with anything else?
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called the hotspot.|Wonderful! The address of the hotpot is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and their telephone number is 01223366552. I can help you get a taxi there if you like.
Thank you! Do you know what the price range is at the hotpot?|It's an expensive restaurant.
What part of the city is that in?|It is in the north area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east with 4 stars and free parking, is there a place like that available to stay at?|The Allenbell, Leverton House, and Autumn House are inexpensive 4 star guesthouses offering free parking. I have two others that are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I'll take the Allenbell. It's in the east right?|Yes, Allenbell is in the east, at 517A Coldham Lane. It is very affordable. Would you like to set up a booking?
I need to double check, does it include wifi?|Yes it includes wifi, would you like to me to book your reservation?
That's all I need for now.  Thank You very much!|You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day.
I am looking for nightclub options in cambridge.|Sure, we have 6 ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
What is the area and how much is the entrance fee? I will need the address and the phone number.|The ballare is located in the centre and costs 5 pounds. They are located at heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Great!  I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Any suggestions?|the a and b guest house is a guesthouse located in the east. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.
I was really hoping to find a hotel if you could?|No problem.  I have three hotels, however, they are not 4 star.  How about a 2 star rated hotel?
A 2 star hotel is fine does it have free wifi?|Lovell Lodge is a hotel in the north that has free internet.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please.  I'd like 4 nights for 2 people starting Thursday.|Okay, we have booked you two for 4 nights, and your reference number is ZUA8CK80. Anything else I can help with today?
Yes, please! I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay, not a problem. Which place will you like to be picked up from, and at what time?
I want to leave the Ballare by 22:45. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|A yellow Toyota will pick you up. There number is 07113435261, just in case you need it.
Thank you very much for helping me! Have a great day.|You're welcome. If you need anything else don't hesitate to call.
Hello, could you help me with information on a train?|Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 15:45.|Great I have  tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.|the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?|Do you have a area of town you prefer?
Yes, I need a train to Kings Cross on Tuesday.|Okay. Where are you departing from?
The main City Hall|I don't show that there are any trains departing from City Hall. Would you like another departure site?
Yes, please. I will departing from Cambridge.|And what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by 17:00.|There is a train at 17:00 going to Kings Cross. Would you like to book a ticket on that one?
I apologize. I meant to say that I need to leave sometime after 11:30.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, there is not. Any will be fine. I'll need tickets for 4 people, please?|Booking was successful! You leave at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51. Reference number 68ATC774.
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east.|There are 7 available options in the east.  What price range would you like?
How about something moderately priced?|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has both wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes for 5 nights from Thursday for 4 people.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Yes, of course! What price range are you thinking?
I would like something cheap.|What type of attraction would you like?
I am looking for a hotel.|Yes, I apologize. What is your price range for the hotel?
Moderate price range please.|We have 18 places to stay in the moderate range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what area, but I would like it to have free parking. I don't care if it has internet.|How about the ashley hotel?
Yes, please. I need the address, postcode and star of the hotel please.|Their address is 74 Chesterton Road. The postcode is cb41er. They are rated 2 stars.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go in the centre of town, please.|Is there a particular attraction you want to go to?
No I don't have a preference.|We have many attractions.  What type of attraction would you like?
Can you make a suggestion?|I suggest the Junction located on Clifton Way. Would you like more information?
I need attraction type and the postcode.|The Junction is a theatre. The postcode is cb17gx
I will also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 6:30 from my hotel.|OK, we have booked a Red Skoda to take you to the Junction by 6:30 from your hotel. Contact number is 07776766676
I apologize for that, I'm actually looking for a taxi to leave the Junction and get to my hotel. I need to leave the Junction by 06:30.|No problem.  Look for a grey Lexus, contact number: 07151867055.  What else can I assist you with today?
That will be all thank you for your time.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for an attraction called Queen's College.   Can you give me some information about it please?|sure! it's located in the west and costs 2.50 pounds.
Thank you for your help!|Glad to help. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
im looking for a place to stay with a moderate price and has wifi|There are quite a number to choose from. Do you want to stay in a particular area or do you have a preference between a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like something in the centre, with free wifi and free parking.|The Cityroomz Hotel is located in centre with a moderate price range and has internet.  Would you like the phone number or for me to book it for you?
Yes can you please do that for me thank you!|when were you planning your stay I need that info to book the room for you, thank you
Can you book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting from Tuesday?|Cityroomz does not have free parking.  Is that a requirement? There are no other places that meet all of the other requirements you need.
How about in the north area?|I have 10 different places. Some are guesthouses and a few hotels. Do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel please.|I think ashley hotel would work for you. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Sure. That works for me. I need you to book it for 4 nights, 1 person, starting on Tuesday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is T0ORFZPB. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thanks i also need a taxi.|What destination and times do you need that taxi at?
I would like the taxi to leave the hotel by 21:15.|what is your destination?
i want to go towards the hotel|I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07766667494.
thanks you very much|Is there anything else I can search for you? Do you need to book a restaurant?
No, that pretty much takes care of it.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our services.  I hope we see you again.
I am coming to town and need a hotel in the north. I will be working so need free wifi as well.|We have 12 hotels in the north with free wifi. Any other preferences so we can narrow things down for you?
What about a guesthouse that's a moderate price range?|The Acorn Guest House fits those criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. There will be 7 of us arriving on Tuesday, and we're staying for 5 nights.|You are all set at the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is B1GC6P8N
I also need a place to go in town, i'm thinking a college.|I'm sorry, but there are no colleges in the north. Can I try another area/attraction type?
Are there any colleges in the south?|There are not. Would you like me to search a different area?
if there ain't none, can you try a  nightclub? get postcode, entrance fee, and address|The place is a nightclub in the south.
Which nightclub is it?  And can you get me the information on it?|It's called the place and it's located at 22 sidney street. The phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, the entrance fee is unavailable. You have to see the prices while at the club.
Thank you. I will look for the Entrance fees at the door.|Anything else I can do for you?
No, I can manage on my own from here.|Ok, thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm coming to town and looking for a good Japanese restaurant to try near the Town centre.  Do you have any suggestions?|The Japanese Restaurant near centre is Wagamama. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
I'll be needing a table for 6 at 13:30 this next monday, can you help?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 4P2MMPI9.
Thanks for the info! What about attractions in the area?|What type of attraction would you like?
Actually, first, lets get a hotel. Are there any cheap places to stay?|There are 10 cheap places ro stay. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I would like it in the centre near the restaurant. It needs to be a guesthouse.|Would you like to try allenbell?
Does it have free parking?|Yes it does, free parking as well.
That would be great, thanks.|did you need a booking at the Allenbell?
I do not so that will be all, I do need their address and postcode though.|Sure, it is located at 517a Coldham Lane, postcode cb13js.  What else can I help you with today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
Hello! I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. Can you help me with that?!|Absolutely. I have many options for you, including museums, architecture, concerthall and theatre. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to go to a theatre.|ADC Theatre is in the centre of town; will that work?
Yes, I just need to get the address and postcode for the Theatre.|No problem. ADC Theatre's address is Park Street and its postcode is cb58as. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'd like to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi.|I have 2 possible hotels. The huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in centre. Would you like to book one of these?
The huntingdon marriot hotel sounds great. Could you please give me the postcode?|The post code is pe296fl. Anything else I can help with?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two places?|What time would you like to go?
I want to leave the Theater by 17:30|Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey Volvo, their contact number is 07820757877. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not at all.|Okay great. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a great day!
Can you give me more information about shopping?|What area of town will you be shopping in?
I will be in the west part of town, but I think I am more interested in college visits if you could help me with that.|I have 5 in the west can I recommend churchill college?
Sure, what's the postcode for that college?|the postcode is cb30ds
Thanks! I'm also looking for somewhere to stay. Any hotels? Maybe around a 3 star, and I need wifi.|There is nothing that is 3 stars which includes wifi, can I check for something else?
Can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? I'd like a room for 2 nights on sunday, for two people.|There are no 3 star locations with parking. Sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with toay?
Actually, I wanted a 3 star hotel with wifi, not parking. Can you check again?|Sorry, I'm not seeing anything that matches your request. Would you want to try a guesthouse?
Hmm can you check one more time, it should really be a hotel.|There are two, does the area matter to you?
No the area doesn't matter as much, please provide me with the reference number.|What date are you checking in and how many are in your party?
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I'm sorry but i'm confused.   Where would you like reservations at?
I need you to find me a hotel with free wifi and a star rating of 3 in the west.|Nothing matching your criteria exists on the west side.s location matter?
No, the location does not matter.|There are two hotels meeting your criteria. Can I recommend Gonville Hotel in the Centre area. It has parking and internet. Do you want that booking?
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.|I'm sorry, we don't have a multiple sports attraction in town centre. Would you like something else?
Sure, is there a college I could visit?  I'd like it to be in the town's centre please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Do you have a specific one you like to check out?
Which one would you suggest and what is the entrance fee?|Sidney sussex college will be a mind blowing experience, would you like more information?
Please let me know what the entrance fee is.|The entrance is free. Is there anything else I can assist with?
I am also looking for a moderate place to stay with a 0 star rating. Does not need to have free parking.|There is cityroomz it's a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.|You are all set, the reference number is ZS2OUTXD
Alright thats everything thanks|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hi, is there a moderately priced international cuisine restaurant in Cambridge?|There are two in the centre area that are moderate in price.
Can you please book one of those for me and provide the address, area and phone number.|I would be happy to book for you, for how many people and what day would you like to book?
Hmm, let's see...I'm not sure. Before we do that, I also need a hotel in the east part of town with free parking availability.|It appears the Allenbell guesthouse has free parking, is in the cheap price range and on the east side of town. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you, I'll travel there myself. Can I get the address and phone number for the restaurant though?|Of course for the "varsity restaurant" the number is 0122335606035 and the address is Saint Andrews Street City Centre. Would you also like the address for the "Bloomsbury restaurant"?
Yes, I would. Can you also give me the address and phone number for the Allenbell Guesthouse?|Their address is 517a coldham lane and phone number is 01223210353
Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and am looking forward to seeing some local tourist attractions.|There are many to see! Are you going to be traveling within a certain area of town?
Actually, yes. We are traveling into the northern part of town.|If you're heading north, I recommend taking a ride on the Riverboat Georgina.
That sounds nice but I would like to see about a guesthouse with free wifi.|There at 10 guest houses in the north offering free wifi. Are you looking for a particular price range?
No, I don't really care about price.  Just something in the north that includes wifi.|Acorn Guest house is located in the north , has free wifi and is moderately priced.
Groovy!!  Let get a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting sunday.|Your booking has been made and your reference number is O0FG9YKT. Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking to visit the cherry hinton hall and grounds. Can I please have more information on that?|Sure, that's a great entertainment venue in the East. Their phone number is 01223446104. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, taht will be all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service!
I'd like to find a museum to visit|Sure, do you want to be in a certain area?
I don't have a preference. I do need the area, address and postcode.|Can I recommend broughton house gallery?
That would be great. Can you provide me with the area, address, and postcode please?|Sure thing! Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street in Centre and the postcode is cb11In. Can I help you further today?
Yes, I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the South.|I did happen to find 1 hotel that will meet your needs. It is called the Lensfield Hotel. They are expensive and 3 star rated. Shall I reserve a room?
Yes please, for 4 people for 3 nights|What day do you want to check in?
I will get there on Saturday.|I have your rooms booked!  What else can I do?
I need a reference number for the hotel.|Reference number is 26OVK8Q2.
Thanks! I will need a taxi, too, please. I'd to leave the hotel by 10:30 to head to the gallery.|You will be picked up by a blue audi. their contact number is 07805502716
Great!  That is all I needed, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free parking?|Definitely! Do you have a particular price range or area in mind?
I need something cheap, but I am hoping for at least 4 stars. Is that possible?|We have a guest house that fits your description in the east, the west, and the center. Do you have a preference for location?
How about the guesthouse in the west? Do you know if they offer internet?|Yes and free parking as well.
Thank you, I also need to know if theres a train that leaves from cambridge after 14:15.|Okay! Where are you going?
I will be going to Ely.|What day are you leaving?
I'm sorry, the train I'm looking for should depart Friday and go to London Kings Cross, not Ely.|The TR2420 leaves at 15:00 and that's the earliest one I can get for you.
I need 5 tickets for that one.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 71ZIVN5S. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Is there a taxi I may book? Or would you like more info on anything?
no I think that is it thanks so much for all of your help today you have been great|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
I can't wait to tour some local attractions.  I'm looking for some places to go when I'm in town.  Can you help with that?|of course! how about downing college, it has free admission.
Awesome, can I have the postcode and address please?|The postcode is cb21dq, and the address is regent street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.|The aylesbray guest house is a 4 start guest house located in the south area of town and it is moderate in price.
That sounds perfect! Can you reserve me a room for Tuesday for 5 guests?|I have the system up, will this be for one day or more?
I need it for 4 nights|OK, your room is booked. The reference number is NZGYO251. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a taxi to travel between the two places and would like to leave the attraction by 04:00 please.|A taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07045457153, in case you have any questions.
Can you tell me the car type please?|It will be a White Skoda. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today.
Can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi?|The huntingdon marriott hotel	is a 4 star hotel with Internet in the west. Would you like me to make a booking?
Is the place expensive?|Yes it is an expensive, I have listings for another place that is cheap if that is what you need.
I would prefer the expensive hotel.  Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|I was unable to book the hotel for that day. Would you like to try the cheap hotel?
No, I'd like to keep looking for an expensive hotel.|Is there a certain area you would like it to be in?
North part of town,please.|I was able to successfully book you at the university arms hotel, the reference number is 1F6HEPGZ.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.|No problem.  Will that be all for today?
Yes, that will be all for today, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm in the midst of planning my trip to Cambridge and need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi|What days would you like ?
Lets find a place first, I would like one in the north.|acorn guest house is a great place to stay.
get me their phone number and address and whether they have free parking|Yes, Acorn Guest House has free parking. They are located at 154 Chesterton Road. Their phone number is 01223353888.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve unusual food and should be in the same area as the hotel.|I'm sorry. I don't have any matching results. Would you like to try a different type of food, perhaps?
Yes, please try Chinese food instead.|There are three options available. I'd recommend The Hotpot. Would you like to book a table?
Not at the moment but I would like their phone number and address with postcode.|They are located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton in the north part of town. Zip code is cb41ep and their hone number is 01223366552.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Bye. Thank you for using our services.
Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.|Yes, there is The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield road. Their phone number is 01223355017.
Do they have a guesthouse available?|No I am afraid there ae no expensive guesthouses in the south.
How about one in the moderate price range?|yes! i have two you may choose from!
Could you pick the better of the two and tell me the star rating?|The Ayesbray Lodge Guesthouse has a four star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
No, just get me their phone number and I'll give them a ring|The phone number for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 01223240089. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you let me know if a place called the Gonville hotel is still around?|Yes and it is as popular as ever.  It is 3 stars and quite expensive.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
What area of town is it in?|It's in town centre.
Ok, thanks. Also, are there any Indian restaurants in the centre?|There are several with various price ranges.
Whatever you recommend. Give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. I want to go on Saturday at 15:30.|saffron brasserie has your reservation. It will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is, PRYP175N. Can I get you the address or phone number?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.|We have two options that meet those criteria, do you have additional requirements or would you like me to suggest one for you?
I just need a hotel with this criteria.|you can choose from either the gonville hotel or the lensfield hotel.
I would like the Gonville Hotel. Can you make booking for me for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday? Thanks|Ok I will book it for you for 6 people
Can I get a reference number for the Hotel, please?|You're all set, ref# CM4QWR6X. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.|I'm glad I could help. Have a good day!
I really need to find a restaurant that serves modern european food. An expensive one is fine.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the center. Would you like to book a table there?
No, that's okay, I'll just drop in.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please provide phone number, address, and postcode for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.|Darry's is located at 40270 King Street City Centre, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223505015. Can I help you with anything else today?
While I have you, could you please give me some information about the Hamilton Lodge, if you have it?|well it's a guesthouse located in the north and offers free wifi and parking, would you like to reserve a room?
Yeah, actually, I need rooms for 6 people starting on Thursday. I need it for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ZJ1XGX96.
Thank you. That's all I need.|Alright then, have a nice stay here and enjoy!
Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.|Okay, there's plenty to do in the city's centre. What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?|how about little saint mary's church?
Sounds perfect.  Is it architectural?  Also, can I have the address with postcode?|It is an architecture attraction it's located on little saint mary's lane postcode cb21qy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 1.  It should be in the city centre please.|I don't have any guesthouses that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try something else?
Do you have any guesthouses with a star rating of zero?|Yes, I do have one. The El Shaddai is in the centre and is cheap. It is 0 star rated and offers free parking and wifi. Do you need a room?
No not right now. What is their address?|The address is 41 Warkworth Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get to little saint mary's church by 3:15.|What is your departure site?
I'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from Saint Mary's Church by 3:15 going to the guesthouse.|You are booked for a yellow audi. Your contact number is 07526986404. May I  help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed.  Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your trip.
I need a train departing from cambridge arriving by 17:45.|Okay! What is your destination?
I would like to go to Stansted Airport, please.|On what day do you need to travel from cambridge to stansted airport?
I need to travel on Friday. Could you give me the travel time, price and train ID?|Yes the train that departs at 16:40 has an ID of TR7062, and a travel time of 28 minutes and a price of 10.10 pounds.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'll need it to have a star of 2.|We have two options that meet your criteria. Both have free parking and wifi. I would recommend Ashley Hotel. Will that work for you?
That sounds great, thanks!|Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, I am not ready to book yet. But, can you please tell me the phone number and postcode?|sure phone is 01223350059 and the postcode is cb41er, anything else today?
No that's all I need for now. Thank you!|You're welcome!  Have a great trip!
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Bye for real this time!
Yes thank you.  I'd like to stay in Cambridge.  We're looking for a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|There are quite a few like that. If you're open to guesthouses , Limehouse in the north of town is nice. Or were there other features you were looking for?
Do you have one in the east with an expensive price range?|Yes, on, Holiday inn Exlpress, Cambridge, shall I book it?
yes, please. For 6 people for 3 nights starting on friday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JBBPQWA1. Is there anything I else I can help you with today?
I need information on a train as well.  It should leave after 18:45.|Could you please clarify your departure location and arrival destination?
Coming to Cambridge from broxbourne on Friday.|I have train TR5056 that departs at 19:32 and arrives by 20:32. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would work for me.I will just need the price, train id and travel time.|TR5056 costs 17.90 pounds and the duration is 60 minutes.
Okay thank you that's all I needed.|It was a pleasure serving you. I do so hope that your stay in Cambridge is pleasant. Goodbye!
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.|There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.|I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.|I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house.|Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
No thank you. I just need their phone number for now.|their phone number is 01223304906. is that all?
Yes, that is all I will be needing for now.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|Do you have a preferred location or price range?
I'm not too concerned with location, but I would like it to include internet and have a 4 star rating please.|There are 16 guesthouses that meet those requirements. Any preference on price range?
Not really.  Anything would be fine.|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please. I'd like to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday.|Booking unsuccessful. Want to try for a shorter stay?
Yes, how about 3 nights?|That was a successful booking, your reference number is T6C83P46.
Thank you so much!|You're so welcome. Thank you.
I am looking for a Danish place to eat and I would like it to be on the expensive price range.|Sorry there is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
No, thank you.|I'm afraid I'm not finding any Danish restaurants of any type.  Would you like to try a different style of restaurant?
How about African Food in the centre of town?|The bedouin meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Maybe later, for now I would like to know its phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am a looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant.|I found 5 hotels in the expensive price range, do you have an area of town you'd prefer?
The area doesn't matter, but I need free parking, free wifi, and a 3 star rating.|Great, I've found two hotels meeting that criteria.  How many days were you spending at the hotel and how many people will be residing with you?
I need a hotel for 2 people on 4 nights starting on Friday|The lensfield hotel is 1 of 2 places that matches your needs. Can I book you in for this hotel?
How do the 2 places compare?|The lensfield hotel is in the south while the gonville hotel is in the center.
The centre works much much better for us. Can you please book that for me? If that doesn't work can you try 2 night?|So sorry, the hotel is not available for that booking request.  Would you like a different day or to shorten your stay?
Try two nights and please give me a reference number when you are done.|I was able to book 2 nights at the Gonville for 2 people, starting on Friday. Your reference number is WIQEBN2A. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi please? I am looking for one to pick me up at the Bedouin and I would like to leave by 18:45|I'd be happy to book that for you, but I just wanted to confirm your destination.  Will that be your hotel?
Yes I will be at the Gonville.|All right, I've booked your taxi.
Thanks. Can I have the contact number and car type, please?|The contact number is 07174376196 and the car is a yellow Toyota. Anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you very much.|Thank you, goodbye.
I need a train to cambridge that leaves after 13:30.|There are several trains that are going to Cambridge at that time where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.|Train TR4840 leaves at 14:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
First, I'd like to know the arrival time for it.|That train arrives at 14:58. Is there any other information you need before making your decision?
No, thanks. I also need a room in the north with free parking.|There are 2 hotels and several guest houses available in that area. Is there a particular price range you need?
As long as it is 2-star rated and moderately priced, I'm pretty flexible about all the rest.|Okay we have the ashley hotel, would you like a booking?
Yes, please book the Ashley for 2 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The Reference number is YN5OGYA7. What else can I do for you?
That should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Would you like for me to go ahead and book train TR4840 for you?
No thank you. Good bye.|Enjoy your trip!
Can you help me find a place to dine in Cambridge?|Was there a particular area of town you wanted to dine in? Or a particular style of cuisine?
I would really like some Malaysian food tonight, moderate in price please.|I am not finding any Malaysian restaurants in the city. Would you like a different type of food?
Could you try one similar only Indian this time?|What area of town are you looking to dine in?
Area does not matter.|Do you have a preference to price? I have many Indian restaurants of varying price all over the city.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|There a 4 restaurants that would work. Two are in the east. One in the north. One in the west.  Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes can you please five me a recommendation.|I recommend the curry prince then. Do you need anything else?
Can I get a table for 3 people at 11:00 on Wednesday?|Okay, I've got it for you!  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your number is : PD3GXPL6.
I also need a place to stay that is cheap.|There are many hotels in your price range. What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter as long as it is in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 3.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything that is cheap with 3 stars. Is there a different area or type of room you would like?
How about a 3 star guesthouse in the moderate price range?|I have the hobsons house it is in the west moderately priced with 3 stars. Would you like reservations?
Does the Hobsons House have internet?|Yes, it does. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just please get me their postcode and phone number and I'll take it from there|their phone number is 01223304906 and postcode cb39lh
That's all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else you need. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I would like to take a train to leave cambridge.|I have 1,414 trains that are departing Cambridge this week. What day will you be traveling on?
I'm going to peterborough on wednesday|The TR3347 meets your current criteria, but you have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 20:30.|TR0797 leaves cambridge at 19:34 and arrives in peterborough at 20:24. Would you like to book tickets for this train?
Yes please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total for 5 people is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is 4G3J82OG. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a guesthouse that has free wifi|There are lots of options.  What area would you like to stay in?
I'm not picky. Where would you recommend that is in the moderate price range? I'll need free parking, too.|There are 12. Is there a star rating you would like?
Honestly, I always stay at the same place when we travel there, so I could really use a recommendation. Any one will do just with wifi and moderate pricing.|I would recommend the Kirkwood House. It is located in the north. It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi. They are located at 172 Chesterton Road.
Yes, I would like to book this.  There are 5 people that will be staying for 4 nights starting Saturday.  Can I get a reference number?|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is ZNMV4ENM.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you very much. That is all.|You're welcome, I was glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of anything else you need.
Hi, could you find me a train that leaves on Thursday from Bishops Stortford?|Sure. What is your destination?
I am headed to Cambridge. Also, I will be out late the night prior so please nothing before 10:00|There is a train leaving at 11:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, not yet.  I just really need to know the travel time for now.|The travel time for that train is 38 minutes. The one that leaves at 11:29 will arrive by 12:07.
Thanks! I also need a place to stay with free parking and a 3 star rating.|There are 3 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from, peppered all around the city. Which do you prefer, and what area of town would you like to be in?
I would prefer a hotel in the centre of town please.|The Gonville Hotel meets all of your requirements. It's an expensive hotel (not a guesthouse) in the city centre. They offer free wifi and parking and have a 3-star rating.
Can you please provide the address of the Gonville Hotel?|Sure, the Gonville Hotel is located at gonville place, post code cb11ly.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that should do it. Thanks a lot. Take care. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Yes I would like information on Clare hall.|Of couse. Clare Hall is a college located in the west. It's address is herschel road, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the phone number for Clare Hall?|The phone number is 01223332360. Could I be of further assistance?
I also am looking for a hotel called kirkwood house|Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the north area with 4 stars moderately priced.
Can I get the address for the Kirkwood House?|The address for Kirkwood House is, 172 Chesterton Road post code cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That's it.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I want a train leaving on sunday.|Yes sure. I will need your departure and arrival destinations.
I am leaving from Stevenage going to Cambridge.|I have 10 trains for you. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00 please.|Okay, how about the TR7802? It departs at 09:54.
That's fine. Could you book this for me, there will be 5 people.|I have booked 5 tickets from Stevenage to Cambridge living on Sunday at 9:54 and arriving at 10:53.  Your total fee is 51.2 GBP. Reference # is GZ0LOZQV
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a specific area of town you were looking at?
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel in the center with free parking and wifi.|I don't have anything that meets that criteria. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one in the north?|Yes, there are 9 places to stay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
It doesn't matter to me. Whichever place you recommend will be fine. I'll need to book for the same people, same day, and 3 nights.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9RCTPPN
That you, thats all I needed today.|Ok! Have a wonderful day!
Please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.|Okay. What day would you like to travel?
I will be traveling on thursday.|I have 19 trains going from Cambridge to Leicester on Thursday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would love to leave after 12:15 please.|There are no trains that leave after 12:15.
Okay, do you have any other suggestions?|I believe that the TR0822 leaving 12:15 would be great for you. Should I make a booking for you?
I also need a place to stay in the north area.|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
It don't matter as long as it is cheap. I need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday|I was able to book you a room for 2 at city centre north b and b, the reference number is 57F4S22N. Do you need any more assistance?
No, that's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the assistance!|Okay great! Glad I could help.
Hi there, I need to find a hotel - a guesthouse to be precise. I don't need internet so don't worry about that|24 guesthouses fit your criteria. Do you know what side of town you're wanting to be in or the pricerange?
I'd like a guesthouse rated 3 stars.|There are 4 guesthouses that meet your needs, 2 in the north and 1 each in the west and south. Would one of these interest you?
I will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 5 nights.|I will be happy to make your reservation, what day will you be arriving?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : RVSD43KC. what else can i do for you?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the west to celebrate our family.|What type of food would you prefer?
I would like chinese.|I do not have an expensive Chinese restaurant in the West. Can I find you something different?
What about greek food?|I don't see any expensive greek restaurants in the west either. We do have British, European and Indian options available, though. Would you like information on one of those?
Okay, let's try one that serves British food.|i would suggest graffiti
OK, that sounds good. The same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. Can you book a table for 15:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZCJZ13XO.  What else can I do for you today?
Great.  Thank you.  Now I need a taxi.|Okay and what day do you need the taxi for?
I will need the taxi the same day.|Sure, where would you like to be picked up from? Also where will you need to be dropped off and what time?
I would like to go from the restaurant to the hotel.|Your booking is completed. A red Honda, contact number 07441837045 will pick you up in front of the restaurant at 17:30. Does this time work for you?
Yes the time works for me . That will be all thanks and have a great day.|Any time, and you have a great day as well!
Are there any museums I could go to in the west part of town? Thanks.|There are 7 Museums in the west area, how much did you want to spend to enter?
I'd like something in the cheap price range please.|You should try Kettle's Yard on Castle street. It is free. Phone # 01223748100.
Can you give me the postcode for Kettle's Yard?|Yes sure. It is cb30aq.
Thanks! I also need information on Leverton House.|What would you like to know?
Do they have free internet?|Yes, there is free internet and free parking. It is a guesthouse. Do you need more information?
No that was all I needed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today.
I want a train leaving on sunday.|OK, where are you headed and what time do you need to travel?
I need to arrive by 13:15 and I am leaving from broxbourne going to cambridge.|TR1426 arrives by 12:32, would you like me to book you?
Not just yet. What's the cost for a ticket on that train?|The price is 14.32 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
I am trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house|That is a great place to stay on the north side. What would you like to know about it?
I need to know the prive range.|The price range for the Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderate. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that would be all.|Thank you for contacting us today. Have a great day.
I need a train that leaves after 10:00 on Wednesday.|I can assist you with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I'd like to depart from Cambridge, going to london kings cross.|How about TR9781 leaving Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday?  It leaves at 11:00 and gets in at 11:51.  It costs 23.60.  Can I book this?
No, I don't need a booking at the moment. What's the travel time?|The travel time is 51 minutes. Will that be all for today?
Not quite yet. I'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
In the north. I really prefer 4 star hotels.|The best that we have in the moderate price range is 2 stars. Could I help you find something else?
How about a guesthouse?|It looks like there are a number of guesthouses in the north, would you like to look for a certain price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range|i have 7 moderately priced hotels. do you need free parking and internet?
I would also want something 4 star rated. I don't need the free parking or wifi but if it comes with it thats fine.|How about the acorn guest house?
Sounds good.  Can you book it for 5 nights starting Friday?  There are 4 of us.|I will check their availability.
Okay, thank you. I'll need the reference number for the booking.|Okay, I have it booked for you.  Your reference number is  FTI92D9B. Anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant to visit during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|My system isn't showing a Malaysian restaurant. Do you have another preference?
how about one that serves spanish food|We have the La Raza and the La Tasca, both are affordable and in the center. Would you like me to send you their addresses?
Could you reserve me a table for 2 at 12:15 on Monday at the La Raza?|Sure. Your reservation was successful and the booking number is BVD49SJY.
I also need to find a hotel for the two of us starting on the same Monday for 4 nights, please.|Will you need parking or wifi?
I am actually looking for a hotel called home from home|I can not seem to find this hotel. Do you have another in mind ?
No, that is the name of the hotel, can you try again?|There is no hotel with that name, can I book some place else for you?
The hotel name is home from home.|I'm sorry I do not see a hotel matching that name. Would you like to try something else?
That is the correct name. Can you try again?|The hotel is not coming up by that name.
Okay, then can you find another in the same vicinity?|We have three hotels in that vicinity. Is there any services you prefer?
No I have no preferences.  I need it for 4 nights for 2 people starting Monday.|I booked you at cityroomz your confirmation number is MM913RGM, anything else today?
Please have a taxi take me from my hotel to the restaurant, arriving in time for my reservation. And give me the booking info|I have booked you with a white volvo. Their number to contact is 07895158193.
.
Thanks that's all I needed for the night.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Do you want to stay in a certain area?
No,I am actually looking for information about trains going from Cambridge to Norwich on Sunday.|There are 19 trains available on that day. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Arrive by 11:30.|I'd recommend TR4969. It arrives by 10:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book 3 tickets.|I have booked 3 tickets on TR4969. Your reference number is MPL4USAC and the total fee is 42.24, payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great I'm also looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range with free parking.|What area of town could you like the hotel to be located?
I would lkle to stay In the north please.|There are none with that criteria in the North. Shall I change or try another area?
Could you try a cheap one then?|I have 2 guesthouses, when are you planning your stay, I am sorry
I need a cheap guesthouse in the north.  I'm looking for information not reservations.|Ok great. There are two places available. I highly suggest the Worth House. What information do you need?
Could you tel me the star of the hotel?|It is a 4 star hotel.
great, thank you for your help. goodbye|Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking and free wifi?|There is lots of places to stay. Do yo have any more preferences ?
Yes I would like a guesthouse in the north.|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
That sounds great do they have a room for just me? I'm checking in Thursday and will be staying 4 nights.|Yes, they have a room available for you and it's booked for 4 nights starting Tuesday, your confirmation number is VRN7SQL2.
i am also looking fora train from cambridge on monday|What is your destination?
I am going to Stevenage.|There are 10 available trains that day. Could you please provide me with your departure time and what time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:30.|The TR9082 departs at 19:21. Would you like me to create a booking for you?
No need to book. Can I please get the travel time for that train please?|The trainID TR9082 and will leave at 19:21 and arrive at 20:10.  The cost is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thanks so much. I appreciate the help.|There is another train, TR6530, that leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22.10.  The cost is 12.80 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I get the travel time for that train?|Sure the travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to make a reservation for that train?
That was all I needed today, thanks!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre?|Yes! There are ten of them, ranging in price: cheap, moderate, and expensive. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like one to be in the cheap price range.|Why not try Charlie Chan? It is a Chinese restaurant in the centre serving food in the cheap price range.
That might work. What's their address?|Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, address will do just fine. I need to book a hotel room that has free parking, can you help me please?|Most of the hotels in town have free parking. Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be in the centre if possible.|We have 4 places to stay in that area, is there a specific type of hotel or price range you're looking for?
I definitely want a hotel and not a guesthouse. I would also like for it to offer free parking.|I have 2 expensive hotels in the area with free parking.  gonville hotel and university arms hotel.  would you like me to book one of these?
Not just yet, but can you tell me the address for whichever is your personal fave?|I recommend Gonville Hotel. The address is gonville place postcode cb11ly. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's perfect, thanks so much for your help!|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.|Great! There are 13 places to stay in the north. Eleven of them are guesthouses and 2 are hotels. Do you have a preference?
I would like to find a hotel, preferable one that is moderately priced.|The Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road is nice.  Can I book a room for you?
Can I possibly get their phone number?|There phone number is 01223350059. Do you require any more assistance?
What's their postcode?|The postcode is cb41er.  Do you need anything else today?
I am looking for a restaurant a friend recommended. It is called the sitar tandoori.|I found Sitar Tandoori for you.  It is located in east part of town.  It is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Thanks for the info, can you also get me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I need the taxi to be there by 04:15.|I booked you a Taxi. the contact # is: Contact number: 07076540763. Is there anything else i can do for you?
What is the car type?|I'm sorry that I forgot to mention it! It will be a yellow audi. How else can I help today?
That was all I needed.  Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great trip.
Thank you kind person for helping me!|Please feel free to contact us with any other questions you have! Have a great day!
I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where were you wanting to travel to and when were you looking to depart?
I need to leave Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Wednesday after 15:45.|There is a train that leaves at 16:01 would you like me to book tickets for you?
I would first like the train ID and travel time please.|It's a 60 min ride and its train TR2925
Can you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Hobsons house is a guesthouse in the west. It a moderate priced 3 star place with free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
I need to book the hotel for two days starting Tuesday. Please, give the address and phone number of the hotel.|How many people is this reservation for?
just one person please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : T05HTHZU.
I also need the address...|Of course!  It's located at 96 Barton Road
Great, that's all I need! Thank you so much!|Okay. Great. I am glad I could help.
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Saturday please.|We have trains leaving every two hours. Where is your destination and when would you like to get there.
I would like a train that is leaving after 18:15 and is going to Peterborough.|Alright, you have 11 options. Trains from Cambridge to Peterborough leave twice an hour, beginning at 18:34 and running until 23:34. Would you like me to book one of these trips?
Could I please have the arrival time for the train that leaves at 18:34?|Sure, the 18:34 train will arrive in Peterborough at 19:24.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay.|I can help you with that as well, where would you like to stay? And would you like me to book a seat on the train departing Cambridge at 18:34?
No need to book the train yet, thanks.  I'd like a hotel in the south with free wifi.|I have 33 that meet your criteria.  What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for a moderately priced stay.|There are two options for you: Alesbray Lodge Guesthouse and Bridge Guesthouse. Would you like me to book you a room at one of these?
I'll take the Alesbray Lodge Guesthouse, can you book it for 4 people starting on Wednesday? We would be staying 3 nights.|I was able to book the guesthouse for you for 3 nights for 4 people. Your check-in day is Wednesday and your reference number is V9XD9KR7.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Have a good day.|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I need some help finding a place to stay in the east please.|there are many. what is your price range?
Price isn't really a factor, but I would like 4 star|I have 6 four star guesthouses in the east. Would you like to book one today?
Do any of them offer free parking and wifi?|yes 5 of them. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter. Any of the five will be fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. It will be 3 nights and for 6 people.|Okay, I went ahead and booked you the warkworth house. Your reference number is 9HN7CVKZ. Can I help you wtih anything else?
I would also like a cheap place to eat in the same area.|the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east that serves international food. can i give you the address?
That sounds perfect, yes please.|It is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
A table for 6 at 13:15 on Wednesday would work. I'll need a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VE35KBVE. Anything else I can help with?
no, that is all. goodbye.|Thank you for using our services.  Goodbye.
I need a train to Stevenage. I need to get there by 16:45.|I found 42 trains that arrive in stevenage.  What day are you traveling and where are you departing from?
I'm traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.|TR7245 arrives closest to your requested time, it departs Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in stevenage at 16:10. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I'd like a booking for 2 people, please.|Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is VHB237PP. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel that includes free parking as well as free wifi.|I found 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I need one in the expensive price range.|Great, we have 5 options, express by holiday inn cambridge, gonville hotel, huntingdon marriott hotel, the lensfield hotel and university arms hotel. Can I book one of these for you?
Does the university arms have an availability for 3 nights for 2 people starting sunday?|Yes! I have booked a room for you at the university arms. Your reference number is JELU5HY6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That should do it.  Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day too.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre
I need a place to stay and I would like a guesthouse.|Do you have a location preference?
No but I want it to be cheap and have a 4 star rating.|There are 7 guesthouses that match you criteria, do you have a location preference?
Any area of Cambridge is fine. Can you suggest a guesthouse that meets my criteria?|Autumn House on Newmarket Road is in the east near other shops and boutiques. It meets your needs perfectly. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please book a room for 1 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay, that's taken care of.  Your reference number for your reservation is 8GBONI2D.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre.|There are several restaurants. What type of food would you like?
I want somewhere cheap in the centre please|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What food type interests you?
I am willing to try any one of them. Could you make a recommendation, please?|Sure, I suggest dojo noodle bar. Want a reservation?
No need for a reservation. Can you just give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21rq.  What else can I help you with?
That is everything. Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge?|Sure, where are you leaving from and any certain departure or arrival times?
i'm leaving from birmingham new street after 18:30|I have the tr6741 leaving at 18:40 how many tickets would you like?
Great! Can you book for 4 people, please? I'll need the reference number.|Absolutely. Four tickets have been booked for this route and your reference number is 6YC0WN0E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I am also looking for a hotel by the name of lovell lodge.|Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the north area of town. They're located at 365 Milton Road, cb41sr.
You are thorough, I would like to book my group a 4 night stay there, please.|What day will you be arriving?
I want This to be on Tuesday|How many are in your group?
Four people please.|Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is JGZHQJD7.
Thank you so much. That's all for now.  Good bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Hi, I am looking for information on a train.|You came to the right place!  Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and will be departing from Peterborough.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to arrive by 10:30 on Thursday, please.|Great!  I found 9 trains that match your requests.  I'll be happy to book one if you'll let me know how many tickets you need.
I need to book seats for 4 people please, and can I get the reference number for that?|First let's verify which train you want. The TR1719 will have you at your destination around 10:09.
Yes, that sounds perfect.  I'll need 4 seats.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : P6G0S9IT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the west with free parking please.|Do you care about the price range? I have one cheap and one expensive hotel that fits your current criteria.
I actually need a guesthouse instead of a hotel, please.|I have two guesthouses. Would you like a cheap one that is a 4 star, or a moderately priced 3 star?
Please find me a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.|I see that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is in the centre of town and includes free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like it, and hope that is has free parking space.|What day would you like me to book the hotel, how many people and What days would you like to stay?
I would like to book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights starting on thursday, please.|Ok, the booking has been completed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the reference number for the hotel booking? I'd also like information about a restaurant called Bedouin.|Your reference number is 1S9ZTFDA. The bedouin is an expensive african restaurant in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Fantastic, thank you. What's the postcode for the bedouin? Do they only serve african food?|The Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and serves African food
I see. I'm sorry what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb12bd. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a taxi leaving from Bedouin and going to the Alexander B&B. I want to leave Bedouin by 2:00.|I have a taxi that will arrive at 02:00.  The taxi will be a white audi and you can contact them at 07924317108.  Anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Alright, I hope you have a good stay, thank you for using our service!
Sure thing, you've been a great help.|Be sure to call again if you need anything. 'Bye now.
Hello, I am going to nee a place to go in the centre of town. Multiple sports would be best.|Unfortunately, we don't have any attractions that match that description. Could you like to explore other areas?
No. Could we try a museum in the centre of town?|The are 11 entries found for "museum" at the center of town. Would you like the first listing?
Yeah, that would be great. Thanks.|That would be the Broughton House Gallery. Do you need anything else?
Can I have the postcode, entrance fee and address? I also need a hotel within a moderate price range.|You can find Broughton House Gallery at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln, and entry is free.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in that same area?|We have Cityroomz in the area. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|OK, what nights and how many people?
Starting on Wednesday please. 2 nights for 2 people.|OK, you're all set for 2 nights at Cityroomz. Your reference number is NWD2GD50. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything I needed for today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using this system.
I am looking for a certain hotel.  I think it is called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast|Would you like their address or phone number?
First of all, do they have free parking?|Yes, they do.
I am also looking for a good attraction in the center part of town.|There is All Saints Church , do want the adress and phone number ?
Are there any 4-star guesthouses?|It looks like alot of places are listed that have 4 stars. Did you have a preference on the area or price range maybe?
Yes. the hotel should be located in the North and should include free wifi|Home from Home is a nice guesthouse with fee parking included.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Does Home from Home have free wifi?|It sure does. Can I book your stay for you?
No, thanks. Have a nice day.|Okay. Thank you, Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay, what kinda of information are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel on the east side.|There are several. Is there a price range you prefer or any amenities that you require?
I really don't care if it has free parking.|express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star expensive hotel in the east side. Would that one work?
Yes it would. I'd like to book this Thursday for 2 nights, for 7 people.|I can book that now.
Yes please do that for me and give me the reference number.|Ok. The booking was successful.  Your reference number is OBFYQJZU.
I will also need a train.  I'm traveling on Thursday to Cambridge.  Can you help please?|Certainly. And where will you be departing from?
I want to depart from broxbourne after 16:00|and for how many people ?
It  will be for five people please.|The TR0579 departs at 16:32.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please and I need a confirmation number.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like to reserve?
It will actually be for 7 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 125.29 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UN5K7FML.
Thank you that is all the information I need today.|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I would like to come visit cambridge and need a train.|Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street and want to leave on Tuesday.|Sure, is there a particular time you'd like to either arrive or leave by?
I need a train that will leave after 12:15 please.|TR0734 leaves at 12:40, would that be okay?
Yes, can you please make a booking for 4 people?|Okay, I've done that for you. Your reference number is G1ZZIBBD
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called cityroomz.|I've found cityroomz.  Would you like a room booked?
Yes, please book the room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Your Cityroomz reservation has been made and your reference number is 0R3345MS. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is everything thank you|Okay great, have a good day!
i need a place to stay|What's your price range?
I need a hotel with free parking|There are 8 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further with price range or area?
should be in the east with free wifi|express by holiday inn cambridge	fits your criteria. can we book?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you so much. May I also have the reference number once you have booked it?|OK, 8 guests arriving Monday for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 2KDNB1WO. Can I assist you with anything else?
Please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves South Indian food. Thanks.|I'm sorry but there are no South Indian restaurants in the center. Can I interest you in something else?
Is there one that serves seafood?|The loch fyne serves seafood.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
No. May I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223362433. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a cheap hotel.|All right. Do you have an area you prefer or a type of hotel?
Something with free parking, 2 star, and is in the moderate price range.|I see two choices for moderately priced 2 star hotels. They are both hotels located in the north with free parking and internet. I recommend ashley hotel.
That is great.  Can you book me for 3 people for 3 nights beginning on Thursday?|You got it, your reference number is QBH121BL. Anything else?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to arrive or depart from the hotel?
I want to leave the restaurant by 12:45. Please give me car type and contact number.|Sure thing! A white skoda will be picking you up to get you to the restaurant by 12:45 contact is 07643618907
Thank you for your help you've been great!|It is my pleasure! Have a good day!
I am looking to stay at a four start place with free wifi.|I am showing three results for four star hotels with internet. Would you rather be located in the center of town, or on the west side?
Either will do. Are there by any chance any cheap guesthouses available?|alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre and finches bed and breakfast is located in the west. both are cheap guesthouses with internet.
Please book Alexander Bed and Breakfast for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I've got it all booked for you.  Your reference number is YIZ6WQ8T.
I'm also looking for an architecture attraction to go to. Do you have information on any of those?|yes there are a number of them. which side would you prefer?
well since the hotel is in the center try nearby.|There are 5 choices. I recommend old schools on trinity lane. It is free admission.
Please send me their phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223332320 and post code is cb21tt.
Okay, that's all I need for today. Thanks, bye!|Thank you, enjoy your stay!
i'm looking  for a particular hotel|I'll be happy to find information on the hotel. What hotel would you like me to look up for you?
Finches Bed and Breakfast. I would like to book it for 1 person and 4 nights, start date on Wednesday. Can you also provide me with reference number?|I have made your reservation. Your reference number is 97RYHJTP.
im also looking for a place to go in the south|there are many things to do. What would you like ?
it should be a theatre. get me the entrance number|the junction fits your description. can i give you their address?
Actually I'll be taking a taxi between the two. But before I do that, is there an entrance fee?|The Junction does not have their entrance fee available. Would you like their phone number to call them?
No thank you. I would like a taxi, leaving The Junction by 17:30.|All set, look for a yellow bmw, if there are issues, they can be reached at 07689463937, any other questions?
No, you have taken care of everything. Thanks you so much. Good-bye.|Your Welcome good bye
I am hoping you can help me with my planning.  I am trying to find information on the trains.|I can definitely help you with that.  Can you give me more information, like your departure and destination preferences?
I will be departing from Stansted Airport to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.|I am getting the information up now, do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|TR6386 departs at 12:24 and arrives by 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
I'm looking for a train going to broxbourne leaving on saturday.|Sure, you have a time you want to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive in Broxbourne by 18:15.|I have the TR5688 that will get you in at 18:01. Would you like to book it?
No, I just need the price.|That is no problem, you are looking at 14.32 pounds per person if you decided to go that route.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel, in any area, that includes free parking.|I have three hotels that match your criteria.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  Do you have a preference of price?
I don't have a preference of price but I'd like for it to be a guesthouse in the north.|I have 7 great guesthouses in the north. May I suggest the kirkwood house?
Sure, I'll try Kirkwood House. Make me a booking for 5 nights for a party of 5, checking in on Monday|Okay I have your reference number and it is 8XF57Q08.
Great thank you, that is all I need for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay that is cheap.|Okay and what area will you be staying in?
I need a place in the center of town, and I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse.|I have three hotels in the centre, one is moderately priced and then there are two expensive ones.  Would you like to book one of them?
I want to book one of the expensive ones.|The expensive ones are the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Gonville is 3 star rated, and the University Arms is 4 star.
Great. Can I book the University Arms for 2 nights for 4 people starting Sunday please? I'll need a reference number.|OK, you're all set. Reference #MEGFYQHA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you help me find a Hungarian restaurant, also in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in the centre of town, would you like another location?
Is there and Indian restaurant available in that area?|There are 9 indian restaurants. Do you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would like expensive please.l|There are several options in that area. How about Curry Garden? I hear it's great.
Can you book a reservation for me?|Absolutely, what day would you like reservations?
I would like to book it fro Sunday at 14:45.|How many people will be dining?
4 people will be dining.|Your table is booked, ref#9BZUL5GV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help. Good Bye.|Have a pleasant trip and, as always, we are here if you need us.
I am traveling to Cambridge soon.  I can't wait to try some local restaurants.  Can you help me with a place to stay?|There are many hotels in Cambridge. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I need it to have 4 stars and parking too.|I have 19 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range, just whatever will get me a good hotel in the east area.|I would like to recommend allenbell if that is alright with you?
Do they have free internet and can you provide the postcode?|Yes the has Wifi and the postcode is cb11ee
Are there any inexpensive Indian Restaurants near Allenbell?|There are two here. I recommend pipasha restaurant. Do you want a reservation?
Is it a cheap restaurant?|No it is not.  There aren't any cheap Indian restaurants in the east.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yeah area doesn't matter. Just choose one cheap indian restaurant in Cambridge please then provide me with the area, address, and postcode for it.|The Mahal of Cambridge, the address is 3-5 Millers Yard Mill Lane and the postcode is cb21rq.
Please tell me the area too|It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for today. Thank you very much.|Thanks for calling. Have a wonderful day.
Yes could you please give me information on the attraction called Tenpin?|Yes it is an entertainment venue and it is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Their telephone number is 08715501010. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes. Could you please give me the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb17dy and I am sorry but we do not have any information on the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes can you help me find a place to stay? I need a hotel that includes free wifi and has a star of 1.|There are none showing up under that criteria, shall I look at other options for you?
Yes please see if there are any other options.|There is a hotel with 0 stars called cityroomz and a hotel with 2 stars called ashley hotel. They both have free wifi. Do either of these interest you?
No, is there one with free parking and 4 star?|Huntington Marriot hotel, the Cambridge belfry and the university arms hotel all have a 4 star rating, free parking and also include wi-if. Can I book any of those for you today?
Yes, go ahead and book it for 2 nights on Thursday for 3 people.|Great! You're booked at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel with reference number O18FI4L8. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on friday|I have several trains leaving on that day.  Where are leaving from and your destination?
I am traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|Okay, we have 19 trains leaving on friday.  Do you have any times you wish to leave and arrive by?
Arrive by 10:45.|I have the TR1612 that leaves friday at 9:11 and will arrive at 9:58. Would you like me to book that?
Yes please book for 1 person and provide me with the reference number.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is GWME416R. Is here anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's moderately priced and has wifi.|You have 3 choices: one in the south, one in the north, and one in the west. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
What's the name of the one in the south?|The bridge guest house. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is its address?|The phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great stay.
Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.|Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after 9:15. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.|There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52.  How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.|Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.|All set your reservation number is V3HJ3TKN.
Awesome, thanks a lot! Have a great day!|Thanks for using our service today!
Hey thanks for helping, it really means a lot to me.|any time. great day
I'm looking for some entertainment for later.|There are five entertainment attractions in town, two in the east, two in the south, and one in the west. Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the south part of town please.|There are two options: Nushua and Tenpin. Both are located at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way. Would you like the phone number for either of them?
Yes. Please tell me the one you like best and then how much that place costs to get in.|I would recommend the nusha. I do not know what the entrance fee is. You may call 01223902158 to check. Do you need anything else?
I also need a hotel in the Centre in the moderate price range with free parking.|I don't have any that match your criteria, I'm sorry.
Can you try looking in the south then?|There are two results, they are both gueshouses.There's aylesbray lodge guest house, 4 stars, and bridge guest house, 3 stars. Can I book one for you?
Yeah could you please book one of those for me?|When would you like to book the room and for how many nights and people?
I need a hotel for people for 3 nights starting Friday.|How many people will be staying?
It will be 4 people and 3 nights starting from Friday.|Your booking for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House has been confirmed. Your reference number is 8GO1Q7PM. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Thank you! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Could you book me a room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel for tomorrow?|Sure what time would you like to check in?
I would like a room for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people. Can I please have a reference number for this once it is booked?|Your reservation for Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is ready for you. The reference number is U5BRMYHP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to find an indian restaurant in the centre of town.|May I book you at the curry garden?
What is the price range? I need something that is cheap, but good.|The curry garden is expensive. How about Kohinoor. It is cheap, good and also located in the centre of town?
That sounds good. May I please have the address?|They are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre
Great, thank you, that's all I need for today.|Thank you very much. Goodbye
Where are some places to visit in the centre?|There are several museums would you like their info?
Yes that would be great all the info thanks.|I think you'd enjoy Byard art.
Is there an entrance fee? Please provide a phone number. Also I need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking. Can you suggest a decent place?|The entrance is free.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|You asked for the byard art phone number which is 01223464646. Regarding lodgings, there are 29 meeting your requirements. What is your price range and preferred area, please?
I would like it to be in the centre, or near the attraction.  Also want it to be cheap.|I have two options in the centre of town.  One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you be interested in booking either?
No I don't have a preference.  Would you recommend one or the other for me?|I would recommend Alexander bed and breakfast which if four stars.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please start a booking there. 6 people will be staying.|What day would you like to start the reservation?
I will get there Thursday.|Okay, I have started your booking and now I just need to know how many days you plan to stay.
It will be 5 nights|You're all set. The reference number for this stay is GGT8F3N0.
Thanks so much! That was the last thing I needed taken care of. I feel ready for my trip now. Goodbye!|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'd like a train heading for Cambridge from Peterborough, please.|Certainly!  Did you have a travel day in mind?
I will be traveling on Saturday.|The first train leaves peterborough at 05:19 the last leaves at 07:19 would you like tickets?
Yes, for 8 people please.|I have 8 seats reserved for you. Your reference number is O2j7w28g.
Awesome. I'm also looking for the gonville hotel.|I can help you with that.  What kind of information did you need about the Gonville Hotel?
I would like to book it for the same group for 4 nights on Saturday as well.|How many rooms would you like to book for that group?
Uh, I thought I told you 8.|I have your rooms booked. The reference number is 9wy58ojm. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you so much!|You are quite welcome. Have a lovely stay! Goodbye!
Is there a train from cambridge that arrives by 13:45?|I found several trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow your search by picking a particular day or a certain destination?
I will be travelling on Friday and want to arrive at Stansted Airport by 13:34.|I am seeing several options for you. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, as long as it arrives before 13:45 on friday, it's fine.|I would recommend TR0188 which arrives by 13:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
No thank you but I do need to know the price.|The price is 10.10.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south?|What is your price range? What number of stars do you prefer? 3 or 4?
i would prefer 3 stars.|There are two 3 stars in that area. One is a guesthouse and the other is a hotel. Would you like for me to make a recommendation?
I'll take the hotel.  Please book for 2 people starting on monday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : XURZLO9G. Can i help with anything else?
Thank you for your time that is all I needed today.|Well thank you for calling.
Are there any cheap hotels (not guesthouses) in town?|the cambridge belfry is a hotel located in the west and is cheap. Has 4 stars and free internet and parking.
I would like to make a reservation for this Saturday for 2 people for  4 nights please.|I have booked you and another person for this Saturday for 4 nights.
Awesome, what about reference number?|Sure, my bad! The reference number is 169N4VTV. Do you need anything else?
thas all i needed. have a great day!|glad i could help, enjoy!
Can you tell me where the Cambridge Contemporary Art Gallery is located?|Yes, it is located at 6 Trinity Steet, postcode cb21su.  Do you need any more information?
What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223324222.
what is their entry fee?|The entrance fee is free.
i also want a place to stay  which has a parking and has a star 4|I have 19 places that match that criteria. Is there any area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would like for it to include free parking. The area doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|Acorn guest house offers free parking. It's in north part of town and is moderately priced.
Okay thank you. Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Yes. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need to know depart place and destination, as well as what time?
Cambridge Contemporary Art Gallery to acorn leaving at 21.15|I was able to book a taxi for you, a yellow lexus. The contact number is 07618334504. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.|Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by 13:00.|Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference.|The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at 12:01. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time?|Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?
No thanks. I'd just like to know the travel time please.|The total travel time is 60 minutes.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I need to find a expensive hotel in the north.|I don't have anything that matches your description. We do have some 4 star options in the moderate price range to offer or we could search in another part of town.
ok how about a guesthouse in the north that is expensive with free parking.|I am sorry but there is nothing matching that request.  Would you like to try another price range or area?
Sure let's try a moderate price range.|acorn guest house is a moderate piced 4 star guesthouse with free internet and parking. Would you like to reserve this one?
Can you give me the hotel, phone number, and postcode?|The hotel phone number and post code are 01223353888 and cb41da.
All set.  Thanks a lot.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge after 10:00.|I found this booking for you. Can I book it?
I didn't tell you where I am going, how could you book it without that information?|My apologies.  I found a train leaving Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday, leaving at 13:00, for 23.60 pounds.  Will that work for you?
Actually I need a train for Sunday leaving from cambridge, going to birmingham new street departing after 10:00.|Cambridge to Birmingham on Sunday, right.  We have 10:01, 11:01 and so on, every hour for the rest of the day. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please make the booking for 1 person.|I've booked you on train TR5401 Sunday leaving Cambridge at 10:01 arriving at Birmingham New Street at 12:44.  Your total is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is 0HN9YSKR.
Thank you I'am also looking for  hotel called Alexander bed and breakfast|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse located in the centre of town. Would you like for me to book a stay for you?
No. Thank you. Can I have the address please?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road, postcode cb12de. Can I help you with anything else?
That takes care of everything for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train leaving King's Lynn after 13:45.|What day will you be traveling?
This will be for wednesday.|There is TR9057  Which  is at 9.80 pounds and takes 47 minutes. will you book that?
No thank you. I do not need to book right now.|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Hi, yes, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in. The only amenity it has to have is free wifi.|Sure, the Cambridge Belfry fits that bill.  It has great reviews and is cheap.  Can I get more information for you?
Does that also have free parking?  And I forgot to mention I'd prefer a guesthouse.|In that case, the Cambridge Belfry would not work. It's a hotel, not a guesthouse. The Acorn Guesthouse has wifi, parking, is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Book for me 1 person and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Your booking was successful.Your reference number is : 6UPHIRT7. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes I am looking for someplace to eat that serves Scottish food that is in the expensive price range.|I'm afraid there aren't any scottish places in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there a French restaurant?|i have 2 places that serve french food and are expensive. one is restaurant two two. the other is cote. which would you like?
I'll book a table for Cote.  1 person at 16:15 on the same day as the hotel booking.|I have made the reservations and your reference number is 4WK86HPM.
thanks alot. have a good day|You're welcome! Have a great day as well.
I am hoping you can help me find a hotel with free wifi in the north.|Acorn guest house is in the North and offers wifi, it is moderately priced and has 4 stars. Would you like to book it?
Does it have parking?|Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Can I assist you in booking a room?
I actually would want something expensive (north side preferred) and free wifi and parking.|I have nothing in the north area meeting that search criteria, would you like me to check another area?
Yes. How about an expensive place in the centre of town, with both free wifi and parking?|I found the gonville hotel. It is located in the center, is in the expensive price range, has free internet and parking! Shall I book it?
Yes! Please book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday.|I'm sorry there is no availability for 2 nights from Monday, would you like me to try a different date or a different hotel?
How about one night only?|That was open, the reference code is B13IXXHV.
Great, thank you for your help!|Thank you, do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thanks for letting me assist you. Bye!
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north.|saigon city is a good choice. Do you want to book ?
Does it serve unusual food? That's what I'm looking for.|Saigon City offers Asian Oriental food.
How about chinese food?|The Hotspot and Hakka are expensive restaurants on the north side that serve chinese food. Would you like to book one?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Definitely.  What day would you like to book the reservation?
You know what? I'm not quite sure when I want to go. I'll just take the address, postcode, and phone please.|Hakka is located on Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy.  You can call them at 01223568988.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is the aylesbray lodge guest house still in operation? I stayed there the last time I was in town years ago and enjoyed it.|It certainly is! Would you like more information on it?
no, i just want to book a room, can you help me with that?|Sure. What day would you like it for and how long will you be staying?
I would love it if you could reserve a room for Friday for 1 person for 3 nights.|Okay. I'll book a room for one for you at the aylesbray lodge guest house for three days starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you I just need the reference number for the reservation. That's all I need today.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : SHL5DAFU. may i help with anything else ?
No thank you for your help.|Thank you, I hope you are having a nice day.
Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions.  I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.|I have many. May I suggest either The Cambridge Arts Theater or Mumford Theater?
Mumford Theater sounds great. May I have their address and entrance fee, please?|Unfortunately I am unable to find information on the entrance fee but the address is  anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Their phone number is 08451962320
Alright, thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel. It's called the Bridge Guest House, could you help me find it?|Sure. The Bridge Guest House is at 151 hills road. Did you need any other assistance?
Can I please get their phone number as well? That's all I'll need for the day.|The bridge guest house phone number is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|You are very welcome, anytime.
Hello! Are there any chinese restaurants in the centre?|There are quite a few in the centre. What is the price range you'd like to stay within?
Cheap price range, please!|jinling noodle bar is a good fit. Its on 11 Peas Hill City Centre
Great! Can you book me a table for 5 on Thursday?|I sure can. Any preference on time?
Please try for 12:30.|When booking your restaurant, I see that the jinling noodle bar is moderately priced.  Would that work?
Yes let's try making a reservation for 5 people on Thursday at 12:30.|That was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
No, a moderate restaurant isn't really what I wanted.  Can you find a cheap Chinese restaurant for me?|I have 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town. The Charlie Chan, The Rice House, and the Golden House. Do you have a preference?
Any of those options would be fine|I would recommend the Rice House as there food is delicious.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Okay I would like to book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on Sunday.|I apologize, there are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time at Rice House, or perhaps I can attempt Charlie Chan or Golden House?
Okay please check at 11:30 instead.|I am sorry. The 11:30 booking for the rice house was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Ok. Let's try Charlie Chan instead.|Sorry, there are no available spots for that day and time. Would you like to try another time?
If you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap Chinese restaurants at 12:30 (or 11:30) on Thursday, that would be fine. Can you try that?|Unfortunately, I can't find any tables available for that day and times either.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
No it must be in the Centre. Is there any other chinese place open in the Centre on Thursday?|No, I'm sorry, those are the only 3 in the centre, would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Any other Chinese restaurants in a different price range?|Yes, I have 3 in the moderate price range
All right, just for fun, let's try one of those (though I expect they will not work either!).|I was not able to book that either. I am very sorry.
Well, maybe you'll have better luck finding me a place to stay. I'm looking for something cheap, but still 4-star quality.|I have 8 that fit those parameters, would you like any special amenities?
Only other thing I would like is free parking.|Are you looking to stay in a specific area?
Not really. Can you see if any of them are available for 4 nights starting from Thursday? It's for 5 people.|It doesn't look like any of them are available for that day. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Man, we are just not having much luck tonight, huh? Okay, can you see if there are any available for one night?|I was able to book you at Charlie Chan's. Your reference # is ZWMR0D97. I also found you a room at Worth House for 1 night. Reference # is 0HEBRY1Y.
Thank you. that is all for today.|you're welcome, anything else i can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Sorry I had such a hard time booking for you!
Don't sweat it.  Thank you and Goodbye.|It was my pleasure. Enjoy your stay!
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. What do you have?|I ahve two places, Chines and Portuguese, which would you prefer?
Chinese would be great.|That would be The Lucky Star located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, Cherry Hinton.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes. Can you book me a take for 5 at 18:00 on monday?|I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Would you like to try another venue?
Can we try 17:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VMFXYH18.
i am also looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.|There are many hotels and guest houses. Do you preder a certain location and price range?
I definitely want a hotel, not a guest house. It should also be in the same area as the The Lucky Star restaurant.|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south and falls in the expensive price range. They're a 3 star establishment with free wifi and parking. Care to book a room?
I would like to book a room for 5 nights for 5 people starting the same day.|Unfortunately, I was not able to book it for monday. Did you have another day in mind?
Any other hotels?|I only see the lensfield hotel, maybe we can try with other dates?
I would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 5 people from the same day but for 3 nights only then.|Booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is ZE9TPUSJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need.  Thank you for your help!|It was a pleasure to help. Thanks for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.|I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks|I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?|Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
Hi, could you help me with my plans?  I am looking for a train.|I can help you with that. Where will be departing and where do you want to go?
I will be departing from Cambridge and going into Ely on Saturday.|Trains run that route every two hours throughout the day. Do you have a target departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive in Ely by 11:15.  Could you please tell me the price and what the departure time is?|TR0718 arrives at 10:07 on saturday.  Cost is 3.52 pounds.  Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
I see it arrives at 10:07 but so you have the departure time?|The train that arrives at 10:07 would depart at 09:50.
Yes, please book it.|How many tickets are you needing?
I'm sorry, I just needed the train info. However, I need a place to stay in the North preferably with parking. Can you assist?|I have 11 different options for you. Is there a certain price range or star level you would like?
No, it should include free wifi.|There are 11 options for you. If you have no further specifications, then I recommend hamilton lodge.
Is Hamilton Lodge located in the north area of town?|Yes it is. Would you like to book it or do you need more info?
Yes I need to book it for 5 people. We will be staying 5 nights starting monday.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is  LJ3XA5IZ. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, is Hamilton Lodge a guesthouse or hotel? I prefer a hotel.|Hamilton Lodge is indeed a guesthouse. I am showing 2 hotels  in the North both have a two star rating. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 days.|I was able to book The Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is DDEI8K1U.
Thank you. Appreciate all the help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I appreciate your help. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 options for expensive hotels. One at kingfisher way, huntingdon. The other is at regent street.  Would you like to consider one of these?
I need one in the north and a guesthouse.|There are no guesthouses in the north that meet your criteria. Can I check for hotels or another area perhaps?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the north that is in the moderate price range instead?|There are seven of them. I can recommend the archway house if you would like  It has free internet and parking.
Oh great thanks, that's all I needed!|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hold on, is there any trains leaving Cambridge that arrives by 11:30?|to what destination? there is one to London Liverpool street arriving at 09:27, will that do?
Hello! Can you tell me about places to stay in the north area of town? I'll be on a business trip, so I do need free wifi.|I have several options that meet your needs. I would recommend the Avalon, unless you need free parking.
I do not need parking, is the Avalon moderately priiced?|Yes, the Avalon is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Sure! Can you book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting Friday?|Sure.  Your reference number is 8Y3768BT.  Anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the west.|I love Kettle's Yard, located on Castle Street.  And admissions is free.
What is it address and how do i get there?|Address is Castle street. Do you need a taxi or bus?
I would prefer to take a taxi. Id like one to pick me up around 1 PM.|Okay. Where do you need to be picked up?
never mind, i don't need a taxi. i actually need a hotel.|anything in particular and when are you planning your stay?
I'm looking for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.  I'll be staying on Wednesday.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for Wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights?|Your booking was successful. The reference number is RVQ25TEA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful. I look forward to visiting. Thank you so much.|You are very welcome!  Have a wonderful trip and enjoy!
I need a hotel with a star of 4 that offers free wi-fi.|There are three hotels that offer wifi and are 4-star. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry and University Arms Hotel. Would any of these suit your needs or do you need more information?
Which one is a moderate price range?|There are not any moderate priced hotels available. The Cambridge Belfry is inexpensive, while Huntington Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both expensive.
I think I'd prefer one of the expensive options. Which is your favorite?|I would recommend the Huntington Marriott Hotel, which is located in the west part of town at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to make a reservation?
No. I think I am all set.|Great.  I hope you have a good day.
Can you search for a guesthouse that includes free wifi?|We have 23 such places. Any preference on area?
No, that doesn't matter, but I'd like something in the moderate price range.|There are 14 options. How about the Avalon? It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi.
That sounds perfect. Can I book it for 5 nights starting on Monday for 3 people?|The Avalon doesn't have room for 5 nights starting Monday. How about a different day or a shorter stay?
Let's try 4 nights.|Avalon is available for four nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is 59GZA6ME. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help today!|You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on the Leverton House hotel.|The Leverton House is a guesthouse located on the east side of Cambridge. What information are looking for?
Perfect. I would like to book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry.  I am unable to book your stay.  Could you arrive on another day or stay for a shorter amount of time?
Can you please check for 3 nights at the same hotel for 3 people and can I have the reference number?|They don't have a room available for 3 nights either. Anything else you'd like me to try?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many attractions in the centre of town. Could you be more specific about what you're looking for?
I'd like to visit a museum if possible.|How about Cambridge Contemporary Art, on 6 Trinity St? Entrance is free.
Sure.  But I still need to book a hotel.  Is there anything else available?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like the Leverton House will be able to accommodate you. How about Allenbell or Autumn House? They are in the same area and also inexpensive.
Can they accommodate 3 people for 4 nights?  Also, what are their phone numbers?|I'm sorry both of those hotels are booked solid. Would you consider slightly more expensive accommodations?
Can you try 3 nights instead?|Both of them are booked solid for the days you requested. Would you like a hotel in a moderate price?
Yes let's try a different hotel.|Great. I was finally able to get you into the Autumn House staring Friday for 3 nights and 3 people. your booking reference is  C5ARPTZ2.
Do you have the phone number for Autumn House's front desk?|Sure.  It's 01223575122.  Anything else?
I'm also going to need a taxi, please.|Sorry about the confusion earlier. I was able to book your room at Leverton House for Friday, 3 nights for 3 people. The reference number is U5B3PHWC.
Okay.  I'll need a taxi too.|I can help you with a taxi. Please tell me your departure and destination sites along with your time frame.
I want to leave the hotel by 22:00 to go to the Museum you mentioned.|A black skoda will pick up up at Leverton House at 22:00 and bring you to Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum.  The contact number is 07697068185.
Awesome. Thank you for everything!|It was my pleasure. Goodbye!
Could you help me find a moderately priced 4 star hotel?|Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels meeting those requirements, but I do have several guesthouses that do. Would you be interested in one of those?
Yes, I think that would be fine. Something in the north, please.|I have 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and 4 stars, are you looking for internet or parking?
Not really.  As long as it's in the north it's good.|When and how long are you wanting to stay? I can see what is available.
I need it for 4 nights starting on wednesday.|One more question.  How many people are in your party?
Please make the reservation for 2 people.|There are 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Sure, that sounds fine. Can you book that for me?|There is no availability at Arbury on Wednesday, unfortunately. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, choose one for me.|Unfortunately, there is no availability at any of the 7 guesthouses for your needs. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about for 3 nights?|That did the trick. I was able to book for 2 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday at the Acorn Guest House. Reference number is G591ZUVT.
Thank you so much! That's all. Bye!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?|There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
No, I have no preference.  Just pick one.  That will be fine.|I recommend alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?
Could you help me find a place to stay on my upcoming trip?|Absolutely! What area will you be staying in?
I'll be in the east.  I need free wifi and free parking.  I'd prefer something 4 star.|There are 5 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have a specific price range?
No that is not an issue. Could I get their phone number of one you recommend.|Might I suggest The autumn house?  The phone number is 01223210353.
Thank you. I also need a train from Birmingham new street on Sunday.|Did you have a time you would like to arrive or leave?
Yes, I need to leave by 17:00.|Do you have a specific arrival time you need.
The train should leave after 20:30 and should go to cambridge.|Train TR2274 leaves Birmingham New Street at 20:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 23:23. Would that work for you?
What is the travel time?|163 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time, Thank you.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.|No problem. We have 17 such candidates. Do you want to specify further?
I am looking for a hotel in the west and it doesn't need to have free parking.|There are no hotels in the west, moderately priced with internet. Would you like to braoden your search?
Let's try for one in the north area instead.|The only thing available in the north is a guesthouse with the internet moderately priced with 4 stars.
That's fine. I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I appreciate your help. Thank you
What was the name of the hotel please?|There actually is a moderately priced place in the west with free wi-fi. It is a guesthouse called Hobson's House. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number too?|The booking was unsuccessful. May I book you for another day or a shorter stay?
how about for 3 days?|Yes, indeed! I can make a booking for three people for three days. The reference number for that booking is 463S05XE.
Thank you very much! Can you also help me find a train? I am looking for one that leaves from Cambridge after 11:00 and goes to Kings Lynn on Friday.|There are 13 possibilities. Every ride is 47 minutes and the cost is the same. Is there a certain time you'd like to arrive?
I'll take the train that is closet to 11:00 please.|There is one leaving at 11:11. How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RQ12EQA0.
Thank you! That's everything I needed. Have a great day!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need to find a hotel in the west of town and have at least a 4 star rating.|Both the Huntingdon Marriot and the Cambridge Belfry fit that criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Do either of them include free Wifi?|Yes they do and free parking as well.
I need to book for 3 people on monday and will be staying for 3 nights, can you book that for me please?|I was able to book the Huntingdon Marriott for 3 people Monday for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, may I have the reference number for the booking?|yes you may. your reference number is JQGVOECL. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
Address and phone number please .|The Huntingdon Marriott is at Kingfisher Way, Hinchingbrook Business Park, Huntingdon. Their number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was great. Thank you goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi. Are there any trains from Peterborough on Sunday?|Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I am going to Cambridge and I have to leave after 21:15.|There are a number of trains you can choose, the earliest one being at 21:19 and the latest at 23:48.
Book the earliest one for 4 people.|Okay, booking was successful. The total fee will be 52.8 GBP and your reference number is VFUX9JT1. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd also like to find lodgings on the west side of town.|There are two hotels and two guesthouses on the west side of town. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
A hotel that includes parking.|Sure! How about the Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap with four stars. Would that work for you?
Yes that will be fine as long as it includes free parking.|Yes, it does! How many nights would you like?
I would like to book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I am sorry, they are unable to accommodate those dates. Can you shorten the stay or try other days?
Can we try booking it for just one night then?|Thank you, I was able to book you for one room on Sunday for 4 people. The Reference number is 08QSW5MB. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you so much.|If you need anything else, let us know. Good bye.
I wanted to go swimming later on today. I need some help finding a pool.|Do you have a location preference?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the west.|I'm sorry.  There are no swimming pools listed in that area.
Ah okay. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?|Yes there are 5 colleges in the area.  Do you have one in mind?
Please recommend a good one to me in that area. I need the address and phone number for it as well please.|I suggest magdalene college. It's on magdalene street and phone number is 01223332138
thanks, i'm also looking to stay at a guesthouse.|There are quite a few guesthouses, If you want to stay in the west Finches B&B is an inexpensive choice in that area. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book that for 1 person for 4 nights starting friday.|There are no available bookings currently. Would you like me to book something else?
Please choose another inexpensive guesthouse in the same area.|I'm sorry but it looks like there are no hotels/ guesthouses matching that criteria in the West. Do you have another area in mind?
Okay, maybe I should begin again. I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Are there any available?|Yes, there are 11 guesthouses in the north. All but 1, have a moderate price range. One has a cheap range. Most have free internet and free parking.
is there one with a star or 4 among them?|Kirkwood House has a moderate rate with 4 stars if you are interested. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please just my lonely little self for 4 night starting on Friday.|All set, the reference number is 17W8F55L, any other questions?
No, that is all.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Have a nice day.
I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|Cityroomz is a hotel that matches that requirement, would you like to stay there?
Is it in the north and  in the moderate price range?|No it is not.  Avalon guesthouse is in the north and in the moderate price range though.  It also has free wifi.  Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds fine. I'd like a room for next Friday and Saturday night. Can you book that?|May I ask how many people will be staying in the room with you?
I would like to book it for 4 people|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Yes. A different hotel in the same price range would be fine.|I would also recommend archway house would you like me to check booking there?
Yes, archway house sounds like a good idea. Please check.|Booking was sucessful. Your reference number is IAH92T2M.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi there. I want to come into the Cambridge area and thought of an airplane but its is extremely costly. I am wondering about a train instead.|We have dozens of trains into Cambridge every day. Where will you be coming from, and on what day?
I'll be coming in from Broxbourne on Sunday. I want to arrive by 19:30. Can you help me?|I have 5 trains leaving broxbourne heading towards cambridge. Do you have an arrival time?
Yes, 19:30 like I said previously. I will need 2 tickets.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave at 19:30 and need two tickets. Please send me the reference number and telephone number to the train company.|Is there a certain time you need to arrive by. I have several options.
I need to arrive by 19:30.|I'm sorry but just to clarify.  Are you hoping to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I would like to arrive in Broxbourne from Cambridge by 19:30.|I havea train that arrives at 18:32 Should I book this for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me for 2 tickets?|Done! Your reference number is 7VR15FZ8. The tickets come to 28.64 Pounds, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I need to find a hotel on the north end of town. An expensive hotel.|Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north. Do you want another area or a different price range?
Yeah, moderate would be okay as well.|Do you have a star preference?
Yes, it should have four stars.|How about the acorn guest house?
that will be fine.|Would you like me to book it for you?
NO, i just need  you to get phone number and postcode|OK, phone number is 01223353888, postal is cb41da, can I assist with anything else?
no thats all thanks|No problem, have a great day.
I need a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. Can you help me?|I'd be happy to. Do you have a specific date and time for your departure?
I want to leave on Saturday and should arrive by 18:00, I have a doctors appointment to see to.|The TR4466 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 15:27, would that be acceptable?
Yes what is the price, departure time, and travel time?|It is 13.28 pounds, will arrive 15:27, and the travel time will be 88 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a place to stay in the south and would prefer a guesthouse.|ok I have a few options. Is there a price range you would like to stay at?
No specific price range, but I do need free parking.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a great one in that area and cheap. It includes free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like to book for two nights and two people starting Saturday.|Unfortunately there is no space for your request. Would you like to check another hotel or change the length of stay?
How about for just two nights 4 people at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|Are you trying to shorten your stay? And, may I confirm the stay is for 2 people?
I would like to try for 2 nights since there is no space and I want it for 4 people please.|Im sorry i was unable to book that. Is there another hotel you would like to try?
Let's try a different guesthouse in the south, then.|We have 2 other choices - both of which are moderately priced guesthouses in the South.  The guesthouses are bridge guest house and aylesbray lodge guest house.  Do you have a preference?
Do either of them offer free parking?|Yes, they all offer free parking.
Can you book one for 4 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday please.|Unfortunately, none are available for that stay. Would you like me to check availability for a shorter stay?
Yes, can you try 2 nights please?|I was able to book aylesbray lodge guest house for 2 days with 4 people. Reference number is AULI4NVQQ.
Thank you, that is everything i need.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
You are welcome, enjoy your trip.|Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that is thanks|Glad to be of service! So long.
Hello, I'm looking for an museum.|I am showing a listing of 23 different museums in various areas of cambridge.  Do you have a specific area you would like to visit?
Any area is fine. Do you have a favorite? Maybe we can check that one out. Which one do you like?|Broughton house gallery was great the last time I was there and I think you'll enjoy it as well. It even has no entrance fee.
Awesome, can I get the phone number, postcode and area for that?|The Broughton House Gallerty is in Centre.  The phone number is 01223314960, and the postcode is CB11LN.
Thank you, I am also looking for a hotel on the north side.|There are 5 hotels on the North side. Are there any specific accommodations you were looking for?
I like a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|acorn guest house	would be nice for you
What are the prices like there?|Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced hotel.  They provide internet and parking. Would you like to book something?
Could you give me the postcode, phone number and star rating of the guesthouse?|Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.  The postcode is cb41da and you can call them at 01223353888.  Is there anything else you need?
Yes, a taxi, I want to leave the attraction and go to the hotel by 22:00|You're booked in a black Audi, contact number 07701261182. Can I help you with anything else today?
thats all I needed, thanks|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Could you please be kind enough and get me information on the autumn house?|The autumn house is a guest house on the east side. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like a reservation, please. If it could start on Monday, that would be great!|How many day are you looking to stay?
There are five of us staying for 5 days|Booking was successful. Reference number is : JN71E8UP.
Thanks so much. I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the center.|We have about 33 restaurants that fit that description.. is there any particular type of food you'd like?
how about persian food?|There are no expensive persian restaurants in the centre of town.
Ok, well thank you for trying. Can you see if there is anything with the same criteria but for italian food?|There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
That is great, can you book me please for 12:00 for 5 people on Monday?|Sure. Does Clowns Cafe sound good?
Yes, it does.  Can you book it?  I need a reference number please|Your reference number is LYZVMZ7D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for all your help!|My pleasure. Enjoy your visit.
I want to find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at.|there are 2. alexander bed and breakfast, and el shaddai. which one do you prefer?
I want one that has free wifi and a rating of 4 stars. Does either of those match that description?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has all your preferences.  It is a wonderful guesthouse.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
yes please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Make sure you get the reference number|Your reservation at the alexander bed and breakfast this wednesday for 6 days 5 nights for 3 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : 2Z64N0C6.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called Cotto. Can you give me more info?|Sure. Cotto serves British food in the center and is moderately priced. Would you like to make a booking?
book a table for 3  at 13:30 on wednesday.|You are booked, the reference number is AS8Z2W5W, can I assist with anything else?
I think that is all I will need today. Cheers.|Great, enjoy your stay and we look forward to helping you again sometime.
I can't wait to see some local attractions when I visit. I am looking for a convenient place to stay while I'm there.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a particular area to stay?
hotel should be in the moderate and in centre of town|Cityroomz is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town, would you like more information about it?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode, please.|Their phone number is 01223304050 and their postcode is cb12tz. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for an attraction called clare college.|Clare College is in the west part of town. It is located on Trinity Lane. Their entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. The postcode is cb21tl.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for today.|Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4.|You have three options: The Cambridge Belfry, which is inexpensive, the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, both in the west, or University Arms, an expensive hotel in the centre.
do any of them have free wifi ?|All three of them offer both free parking and free wifi. Did you prefer the west or centre?
I really don't care you choose|I recommend the University Arms Hotel, on Regent Street in the city centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Could I have the  area and postcode.|As I said, Univeristy Arms Hotel is in the centre. It's postcode is cb21ad. Would you like a room?
No thanks. I do need the area and address of Ballare please, minus the attitude.|My apologies. The Ballare is at heidelberg garders, lion yard cb23na. Their phone number is 01223364222
That should be all I need. Thank you for your help.|We hope you have a pleasant stay!
Can you let me now what guesthouses in the area have free parking?|What price range and in what area?
I have no specific area but I would like it to be cheap.|There are nine cheap guesthouses with free parking. Would you be interested in one of the 4-star properties?
Do any have free wifi?|Yes, you have your pick of several properties around town. Can I recommend autumn house? It's a 4-star guesthouse in the east on 710 newmarket rd.
May I please have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223575122.
Thanks. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Can you find the address for me?|They are a British place with a moderate price in the centre area, best beef wellington in cambridge, interested in more information?
Can I get the address on that one?|Their address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|OK, thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking to stay at a 4 star rated place in the moderate price range.|What area would you like it to be in?
I don't have a preference for what area, I do however want free WiFi. I would also like to stay in a guesthouse.|Then may I suggest the a and b guest house?
yes can you book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday ?|The guesthouse is located on the east side at 124 tenison road. I am trying to book it but the system must be busy. I'll try again in a minute.
Please try again|Booking was successful your ref number is 1R8GSLHI, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find an Indian restaurant in the north please.|You have two options, The Nirala is moderately priced, royal price is cheap, any preference?
I want the cheap one.|royal spice it is. Shall book it for you ?
On second thought, I'd like to go with Nirala? My friends want to try something a little more moderately priced. Can you give me the postcode, address and phone?|The address of the Nirala is 7 Milton Road Chesterton at the cb1uy postcode. Their number is 01223360966.
I also will need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant by 02:15.|I have booked  grey volkswagen with contact number 07588046247. Anything else I can be of help?
Thanks that will be all for today. Goodbye.|Goodbye, enjoy your stay
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the center, but I would recommend christ's college. It's at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu, phone number 01223334900, and the entrance fee is free!
Thank you very much for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you help me locate a guesthouse that stay in that is also in the centre of town?|I have two, in the cheap range. Are there any other criteria you would like me to narrow it by?
Yeah, I'd like someplace with free wifi, please.|I have found 2 guesthouses that are in the cheap range. One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you like for me to reserve one for you?
I need the postcode too.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has a postcode of cb12de. El Shaddai guesthouse has a postcode of cb11eg. Anything else I can provide?
I also need to take a taxi between the college and the guesthouse. Can you help me with that?|When do you wan to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave christ's college by 6:30.|Alright, I've got you booked in a blue Volkswagen.
Can you tell me the contact number for the taxi please?|The number is 07841875956, is that all you need?
Yes it is, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need a guesthouse, with free parking.|There are a few options meeting your requirements. What area should the guest house be in?
I would like it in the cheap price range in the west.|The Finches Bed and Breakfast fits those requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Actually, I don't care what part of town it is in.  I just need 4 stars.  Does The Finches offer that?|Yes they do have four stars. Free internet and parking, may I book that for you?
Yes please, just for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, it wasn't available.  I did book a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a cheap 4 star with free parking. Reference number B4IRJDNN.
Thank you for the reference number B4IRJDNN. Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves venetian food.|Regretfully, I don't have a listing for Venetian cuisine. Do you have a second choice?
Anything in the centre would be fine, whatever you recommend.|There are over a hundred restaurants to chose from do you have a price range?
Definitely something moderately priced. If you can't find Venetian, how about British?|There are 4 results. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, and cotto. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, please. Find out which of the four restaurants have vegan options, please?|Sadly, I don't have access to that information.  The Oak Bistro might be a good choice. Their phone number is 01223323361 if you'd like to call them
Okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 11:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0IJIWWQ9.  What else can I help you with?
I also need a place to stay.  Can you help with that?|Yes I can. What type of place to stay would you like? What area of town?
I'm looking for a place that has 3 stars and free parking.|We have five hotels that meet that criteria, are you looking for a specific part of town?
I am not looking for a specific area, but I would like for it to be in the moderate price range, please.|How about the hamilton lodge it's located in the north.
Does that one have free internet as well? If so it will work great for me.|Yes the hamilton lodge is 3 stars moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking.
Thanks, I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I can help you book a taxi but first I need some information - where are you leaving from and what's the destination. Also what time do you want to leave?
I am traveling between the two places discussed, I need to reach the restaurant by the booked time.|I booked you a black volvo. The driver can be reached at 07410117478. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I clearly wasn't paying attention.  Yes that is all I need.|Then you are all set?
Yes. Have a great day.|Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for museums to visit in town. What are my options?|There are 23 museums in the city. Do you have a particular area of town that you're interested in?
I have no idea. Could you suggest one that sounds interesting?|I recommend the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in the centre of town.  How does that sound?
Can I get the phone number and address please. I also need a hotel with free parking.|The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street. In what area would you like the hotel to be in?
Near the museum if possible. I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|I found the Alexander Bed and Breakfast that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book your stay?
No, I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome and I hope you enjoy your museum visit.
I want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the north part of town.|The acorn guest house is in the north part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Is that in the expensive price range?|No, that is in the moderate price range.
I would like one that is in the expensive price range, please. A bit more upscale.|I am sorry but I cannot find a guesthouse in the north that is expensive. Would you like me to look for a different price range?
No, are there any guesthouses available in the Centre?|No there are no guesthouses in the centre. Would you like anything else?
I need some information on a hotel, can you help with that?|of course! do you know what area you want to stay in?
I need information about the alexander bed and breakfast.|What would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|Your room is booked, reference number 918P1IAS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a train to Stevenage leaving after 16:15.|Could you tell me what day you wish to travel?
Yes, I need to leave Cambridge on Monday.|I have train TR0254 that leaves at 17:21. Would that work for you?
Sure. What is the price and arrival time?|Arrival is at 18:10, and the price per ticket is 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I'll take it from here. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
Hi. I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me?|Train TR2775 departs from london kings cross.
No, I need a train that departs from stansted airport and it should leave after 11:30.|The first train to Cambridge from the airport after 11:30 is TR9775, leaving at 12:24 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:52. Will that work?
I think so. What exactly is the travel time on that one?|The travel time on that route is 28 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. The name is Leverton house.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Please. I'd like a room for myself, I'll be checking in on thursday and would like to stay for two days.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book that hotel with your exact details. Would you like to book on another day or for a shorter stay?
Okay, try for one night instead please.|Booking was successful for Thursday for one night. Your reference number is : GMAAU9LE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been a great help.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you, and please remember you can contact us at any time if you need any further assistance! Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after 21:45.  Can you help me with a reservation?|Absolutely I can help with that. What day and to what destination are you traveling?
I am traveling to london kings cross from cambridge.|All trains leave at 23:00,what time would you like to arrive?
I do not have a specific arrival time.|Do you have a day you will be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday.|the TR4898 leaves at 23:00. do you want a ticket?
Yes for five please.|I made reservations for you your reference number is 0F1R2M73.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north.|There are 11 great guesthouses to choose from. Would you like free wifi or parking? Also what price range were you looking for?
It doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. I will take a suggestion as I'm not familiar with the area.|I would recommend limehouse, a 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book it for 5 people.|What day will you be checking in?
I actually don't need to book. I would just like the phone number, postcode, and price range.|Limehouse is a moderately priced establishment. They're in postcode cb42je and their phone number is 01223300552. Is there anything else you want to know? Or anything else I can help with?
No that's everything I needed. Thank you!|Thank you, Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Cambridge.|I can help with that. What is the destination?
I would like to go to kings lynn and leave after 13:00.|The TR3805 leaves at 13:11. Do you want a ticket?
No, but can you tell me the price, arrival time, and travel time please?|Yes the price of the ticket will be 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes and the arrival time is 13:58.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is expensive in the west area.|Huntington Marriott Hotel carries 4 stars. Would you like to book?
No I won't be booking today.|Okay is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thank you tahtys all I neeed to know|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Looking for place to eat in the south|There are nine restaurants in the south. What is your price range or type of food you prefer?
I need something in the moderate price range, preferably Eastern European food.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything that meets those requirements. Can I try another type of cuisine?
Yes, let's try looking for an Italian restaurant please.|I have one in the south, moderate price, would you like to book that one?
Can you just give me the postcode, phone number, and address?|The pizza hut cherry hinton is at  G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy phone number 01223323737
I also need a room, with wifi and in the moderate price range.|There are 17 options. Is there a specific area that you would like to stay in?
Let's try a guesthouse, please.|Sure! I'd suggest the Avalon, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi and 4 stars. How does that sound?
The Avalon sounds lovely. Would you book it for 3 nights starting Friday for 4 people?|I have booked it for you. Your reference number is UBTSOUBT. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant and will need it until I leave at 02:15 and after, can you give me a contact number for the taxi and what car type?|The contact number for the taxi is 07992886663.
Could I also get the car type please?|Oh, sure. Be looking for a grey Volvo to pick you up. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I need, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Feel free to come back if you have any other questions!
Hi, I'm trying to find a hotel to stay at. Can you help with that?|I would be happy to help.  Do you have a preference for the part of town the hotel is in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.|Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel.|There are two in that area. Huntington Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry. Do you have a price range in mind?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|I have successfully booked you at Huntington Marriott Hotel. Reference number is G1WB5WLO. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for the booking. I also want to visit an attraction in the east, something fun involving a boat.|I have camboats in the East whose address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you also give me the postcode and entrance fee, please?|ok the postcode is 567438 and the entrance fee is $20
I am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 4 star rating|I have 19 results. Would you prefer a certain area or price range?
Cheap price range and a guesthouse.|ok, that helps me narrow it down a bit. Which side of town would you like it to be on
I'm not too concerned with area. Which would you recommend, and do they have internet?|The Allenbell is very nice. It is also cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book this?
The Allenbell sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|The number is 01223525725, and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you.  I also need a train on Friday.|I will need a bit more information.  Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
The train departs from King's Lynn on Friday at 12:30 and goes to Cambridge.|I can not find a train leaving at 12:30. Would a train at 13:11 work for you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can you book me 4 tickets please?|You are all booked for train TR0674 at 13:11. Your total fee will be 39.2 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is WJXW4VRV. Anything else for today?
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|I hope you have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
Hello!  I am looking for places to stay in Cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|There are several guesthouses where would you like it and what price range?
I would like an expensive place in the north.|Unfortunately, I do not have any expensive hotels or guesthouses in the north. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Can we try to find one that is in the East please?|I have one, would you like me to book it ?
Yes, for one person and four nights on Thursday.|I do apologize, but it looks like it's all booked. Perhaps try a shorter stay or another start day?
Could you try to book it for one night instead?|I was able to book Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 1 day with 1 person. Your reference number is XLN3932A.
Thanks. I also need a train to leicester. Can you help with that?|Sure!  First, can you confirm that you are departing Cambridge?
Yes. I would like to leave at 15:15 on Friday.|I have a train to Leicester departing Friday at 15:21. Does that work for you?
Yes, can I get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 1WOTPNYE.
Can you help me find a train leaving on saturday departing from london kings cross?|Certainly! Where are you going? What time of day do you want to leave?
I am going to Cambridge and would like to leave after 11:45.|The TR5729 fits your needs. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the travel time for TR5729?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
That's great, I also need a hotel with free wifi, I would prefer a 3 star place, please.|Did you have a preference for the area?
In the centre please.|Okay I have one hotel matching those criteria called The Gonville, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Saturday, 2 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is 6IX4YPBK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you.|Enjoy your visit!
I am planning to visit Cambridge soon and need schedule information.|I am happy to help, when will you be traveling and where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford on Thursday. I'd like to leave after 18:30.|TR0060 leaves at 19:29 and arrives by 20:07. Does that work for you?
Yes, those times are good for me. Would you give me the price and train ID, please.|The train id is TR0060 and the price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not at this time, thanks. But I would like to look for some hotel information. A friend told me to check out the Avalon. What can you tell me about it?|The Avalon is a 4 stars guesthouse in the north, the price is moderate. There is not free parking in this hotel.
That's OK, I won't have a car with me. Can you book the Avalon for 3 people for 3 nights, starting Thursday?|Unfortunately they are all booked for that duration. Would you like to try another hotel?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 3?|Your reference is TTZCS4Y4, is there anything else you need?
No, that is everything I needed. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place called abbey pool? Is there one in cambridge?|Yes, I have a listing for that. What information would you like?
Could you provide me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee for them, but you can reach them at 01223902088 to get that info. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel on the west side.|I found two, huntingdon marriot hotel and the cambridge belfry. Do you have a preference?
I definitely want a 4-star place with free parking. Which of those meets that criteria?|Yes, they both meet your criteria. Which one do you prefer?
I think the huntingdon marriot hotel. Could I get the passcode?|Just to clarify, were you wanting the postcode. If so, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi to pick me up from the abbey pool and astroturf pitch at 20:00 and take me to the hotel.|A white ford will be picking you up at Abbey Pool at 20:00. The contact number is 07835847552. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your assistance!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am trying to find a good place to stay.|Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.|I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?|The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.
i am looking for the gonville hotel|it is an expensive hotel in the centre. can i give you their contact?
Actually, I am ready to book. Can you book the Gonville Hotel for 3 people for 5 nights, starting Thursday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is ZP33SYC4. Will that be all?
I would also like to find a boat attraction.|There are four. One in the east, one in the north, and two in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I'm actually looking for something in the South. If there are no boat attractions there can you find me a nightclub?|There is one nightclub, The Place, would you like their information?
Please provide the entrance fee and phone number for me|The entrance fee is unknown.
Ok if you read carefully, I also asked for the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223324600. Perhaps they can inform you how much the entrance fee is.
Thank you goodbye|Contact us anytime. Good bye.
Hi there, I'm looking for a place to stay that has wi-fi and parking for free.|Sure, there are many options with free internet and parking. What area of town do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference.  I wold just like a 4 star moderate.|The acorn guest house fits your needs! It has a four star rating and is located in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Maybe, but are they expensive? I would like something moderately priced if possible.|No the Acorn Guest House is moderately priced. I can book it for you if you would like.
What type of hotel is it?|It is a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
Okay, that's all the information I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the south. Suggestions?|The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and Peking restaurant service Chinese.  The Taj Tandoori serve Indian, Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant, and Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant.
Okay, please make a reservation at Frankie and bennys for 8 people at 18:30 on Friday.|Ok I have book you the restaurant for 18:30 friday they will reserve the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OKHX70US
I also need info on a hotel called the Kirkwood house.|The Kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. It also has free parking and wifi
Thank you for all your help today I think that is everything. Goodbye.|Okay great, have a good day!
Okay, thanks, bye!|Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?|i have many options for you. are you looking in a particular area?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the north.|That narrowed it down a little bit. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel please. I also need free parking.|I have 2 hotels that have what you are asking for. Both are 2 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge.
Can you book a room at the Ashley for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on Tuesday.|Ok, you have the rooms. Reference number is : HX250ZFS. Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also need a train going to cambridge on tuesday as well.|Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
i just want to get there by 19:00|Where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne.|Okay the TR7598 leaves at 16:32 and arrives at 17:32.
Can you book that train for five people?|I sure can.  That total charge is 89.5 GBP and the reference number is OTQM5TP5.
Great, thanks for all of your help today. I won't be needing any further help.  Bye.|No thank you that will be all
I heard cityroomz is a good hotel.  Can you give me some information on this hotel?|It is located in he centre of town and is priced in the moderate range.
Can you book it for me|Yes I can. What day will you be arriving and departing? And how many people will be staying?
I would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on Monday.|I have you booked for 3 nights starting Monday at CityRoomz.  Your reference number is Z629WKMU.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Sure, I'm looking for places to go in town, something in the east. Can you help?|I have that here. What would you like to know?
Can you give me the address, attraction type, and entrance fee please?|How about the abbey pool and astroturf pitch located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
That sounds great. What is the entrance fee?|I am sorry but there is no information on the entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get there?|I certainly can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by astroturf pitch by 09:30.|Good news, a taxi is booked, this is a white Volkswagen. The phone number is 07766913165.
Great! Thank you. That's all I need for today. I appreciate your help.|Any time! Enjoy your trip!
I'm look for a train leaving cambridge.|I can help you with that. Where is your destination? What day do you want to travel?
I want to travel to kings lynn on saturday.|Do you have a timetable that you need to stick to?
I need to arrive by 12:30.|TR1817 leaves Cambridge at 11:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 11:58. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds good, what's the trip duration on that one and how much per ticket?|The total travel time on that route is 47 minutes. The cost per ticket is 7.84 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thank you, could you find me a 4 star guesthouse that provides free parking?|There are 16 guest houses rated 4 stars with parking. Are you thinking of a price range or part of town?
In the moderate price range, near the centre of town please.|I'm sorry, there are no guesthouses that fit those criteria.  Would you like to try something else?
Are there any available in another area of town that meet those requirements?|Yes I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north.  Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I do need their phone number.|Absolutely, their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help with anything else?
thank you, you've been quite helpful|I'm glad to e of help. Have a lovely day.
I need to find a hotel to stay at that has a 4 star rating and includes free wifi.|I have many options for you! Is there a certain area you need, or a certain price range?
I would like to stay in the north area and I have a moderate price range. Do you think you can help me?|I have many options. do you have a preference for parking?
Yes, I would like free parking.|Ok, there is acorn guest house as well as 5 others for you to choose from.
That will be fine can I get the information for them please.|The Acorn guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, the postcode is cb41da, and the phone is 0122335388.  Shall I book a room for you?
Not yet, I'm also looking for a place to eat Chinese food.  I need it in the moderate price range as well.|I have 4 options available. 3 are in the centre and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference?
I want one that serves Chinese food, one that's in the same area as the acorn guesthouse.|the golden wok is the only one. When would you like the table and for how many?
I need the address please|Of course, the address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would this restaurant work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Thanks for your help.|Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you so much, have a great day.
I need information on the hotel Limehouse please.|Limehouse is a guesthouse on the north side of town.  It has a moderate price range and is 4 stars.  Would you like to book at this guesthouse?
Could you please tell me if free parking and internet is available at the Limehouse?|Yes, limehouse has both internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes but I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British food in the area.|It appears the screen is locked. Give me a moment. Let me see.
Once you find a restaurant, I want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on tuesday. Please don't forget my reference number.|I will book the Limehouse for you.
Thanks can I please have the reference number?|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing some errors. Can you please restate your request?
Sure,I am looking for a restaurant serving british food in the expensive price range.|How about the Travellers Rest, in West Cambridge?
That sounds perfect. Could you book me a table for 5 at 1300 on tuesday.|I certainly can! Your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is 8VQLVP78.
Great! Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with? Can I recommend a nearby attraction?
Great. Thank you very much for your help. That will be all.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I want to find Kettle's Yard located in Cambridge.|it is located in castle street and got free entrance. can i give you the contacts?
Yes I would like all the contact info please.|Their number is 01223748100 .They are located on Castle Street and their postcode is  cb30aq
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard?|There is no entry fee.
I also need a place to stay that is a hotel and includes free parking and has a rating of 2.|What side of town would you like to be on?
The area doesn't matter. What would you recommend?|I have 3. The 2 in the north are moderate priced and the one in the east is expensive. Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you give me the phone numbers for them?|Okay, the number for Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. The number for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is 01223866800, and the number for Lovell Lodge is 01223425478.
Okay thanks.  That was all I needed to know for now.|thank you and enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 10:00.|Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.|TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great.  Could you please make a booking for seven people?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.|That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town.  What would you like to know?
Yes please book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GXVPCRC1. Is there anything more I can help with?
No that's it, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am wanting to visit a college while I am traveling in town. Do you have any listings?|There are 18 colleges that you can visit. Is there a particular part of town that you are interested in?
I have no preference for the area, would you recommend one for me? I would also need the postcode and entrance fee please.|Christ's college is located in the centre of town at listed postcode cb23bu. The entrance fee is free. Would you like more information?
No thanks, but I do need a place to stay. Could you find me something with free parking?|There are five places with parking, is there a specific price range you would like to look for?
no nothing specific, but the cheaper the better|Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the West side of town.|Any other requests?
Thank you!  I would like it to have at least 4 stars.|I have two, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Doesn't matter. Do both include wifi?|Yes both have wifi
You know what, come to think of it I think I would prefer to stay on the south side of town. Can you check for a 4-star hotel there?|There are two 4-star hotels: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Could you get me the postcode for Rosa's B&B? And is that a hotel or guesthouse?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse.  It has internet and parking, as requested, and the postcode is cb22ha. Shall I book a room for you at Rosa's?
Yes I will also need to book a taxi from Rosa's for 04:45.|Just to confirm, you want a taxi from Rosa's to Christ's College with a departure time of 04:45, correct?
That is correct.|Okay you have a booked car, a blue tesla, contact number 07113187062.
Thank you. I think that's all I need today. Bye.|You are most welcome.  Have a good day.
I need information on the university arms hotel.|Yes, the University Arms Hotel is located in the centre area and is on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a room for you?
yes. please book for me a table for thee tommorow diner at 8 pm|You asked about a hotel.  Would you like to book a room or would you like me to help find a restaurant?
I need more info.  Does the hotel have free parking and what is the price range?|It is in the expensive price range, but it does have free internet and free parking.
Okay can you also help me with a restaurant that serves Cantonese food in the city center?|There aren't any restaurants in the city centre that serves Cantonese food.  Would you like to try a different type of cuisine or try a different area?
Are there any that serve north american food?|Yes, there is gourmet burger kitchen. It is an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need their phone number.|There phone number is 01223312598. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I am good for now, thanks for all of your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
So this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star hotel that offers free parking?|I don't have any 0 star hotels with parking available but I do have a couple of guesthouses available. Do you have a location preference?
No, but I would like place in the moderate price range.|Well, I have the Archway House that would fit your needs.  It's located in the North at 52 Gilbert Rd.  Can I book this for you?
What about a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking?|Unfortunately there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels with free parking.  Could I interest you in either a 2 star moderately priced hotel, or 4 star guest house?
I think I'll go with my original 0 star.  Archway House sounds fine.  Can you reserve 3 nights arriving on Thursday for 3 people please?|I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is J7NF1FG6.
ok I need a place to eat that serves portuguese food|Nandos serves Portuguese food. There's one in South Cambridge and one in the central area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just tell me what kind of prices the one in the south charges.|The one in the south is considered cheap
Ok great. Thanks for the help.|I can make a reservation for Nandos in the south. How many in your party, what day and what time do you want?
Thanks, but I don't need a reservation. Can you tell me their price range please?|it is in cheap price range
Okay, great. I'll go there.|Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's all I need today.|Have a great day
Hello!  I am looking for information about a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.  Can you help me?|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest house is  a guesthouse in the south side with a moderate price range.  It has a rating of 4 stars and has parking & internet.
That's perfect. What's the phone number?|The phone number for the aylesbray lodge is 01223240089. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre of town. What's fun?|There are no places with the type entertainment in the center, I could look for a different type of attraction or a different part of town if you like.
Could you find an architecture attraction?|Yes, there are 5. I recommend All Saint's Church as it is beautiful! Would like more information on it?
Yes, I would like more information please and will you let me know what the entrance fee is?|all saints church is located on jesus lane and entry is free.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today.|Thanks for using our service!
I"m looking for a hotel in the east.|There is an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, shall I book it for you?
What is the price range and is there internet?|The price range is expensive, and there is internet.
I need it to have four stars and free parking.|Unfortunately i found no matches. Would like me to look elsewhere with your same request?
Is there a guesthouse that would be available with that criteria?|Yes, there are a few four star guesthouses in the cheap and moderate price ranges with free parking and internet in the east. Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't have a price preference. Which guesthouse do you recommend?|I highly recommend warkworth house in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes book it with reference number|What night will you be arriving?
The day that I arrive is flexible.|I can book you in if you have an idea of when your stay will begin.
I will arrive on Wednesday.|I can book the warkworth arriving on Wednesday. How many nights will be be there?
We will be there for 4 nights.|How many people will be staying?
4 of us will be staying. Please give me the reference number for this booking.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IM2BXWKV.
Can you tell me about nightclubs in the centre area?|There are 44 different places in the centre. What kind are you interested in? Architecture, boat, cinema, college, concert hall, museum, night club, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
As I mentioned before, can you tell me about a good nightclub?|My favorite is Ballare. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please|The phone number is 01223364222. Postcode, cb23na. Address is cb23na	heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Now I'll need a taxi to pick me up at 15:00 from Ballare and take me to the hotel|Okay, I have booked the car.  The driver will be in a white Honda.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number for the taxi is 07885085016. Do you need anything else or is this all for now?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Have a wonderful trip. Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I am glad that you are visiting, but I cannot help you until you give me something to search for?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester on Monday.|We have quite a few trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:45|TR2919 is leaving at 22:21, would that work?
Yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?|Absolutely. I have booked two tickets for TR2919 at a total fee of 75.59 GBP. Your reference number is 8BG1O6W0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. I do not mind if it is expensive.|how about allenbell? it looks lovely
does it have free parking?|allenbell has free parking. Should I book it?
Yes, I need it for Thursday. 2 people 4 nights.|your all set! Reference # is DQ0Z16N7. Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need.|Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. It doesn't need to include internet but needs to be near the centre.|I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouse that fit your requirements, do you have a price range preference?
Do any of them have free parking?|Yes, I have two guesthouses in the cheap range, and two hotels in the expensive range, all in centre with free parking. Would you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
Yes, what are their star ratings? I'd like one with a 4-star rating.|I see two with a 4 star rating in the centre.  One is a guesthouse and one is a hotel.
The hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights, starting Monday?|Booking at university arms hotel was successful. Your reference number is UUZVCFBQ. Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thanks.|Thank you , let us know if you need more help.Bye.
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at with a 4 star rating.|OK, do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be expensive, but have free wifi.|I'm sorry, there are absolutely no guesthouses that meet those requirements.  Can I look for something different?
How about a cheap one?|I have several guesthouses in the cheap price range.  Do you have a preference in the part of town?
I do not care what area.|How about the alexander bed and breakfast?  It is a guesthouse in the centre with 4 stars.  It includes free internet and parking.  Shall I book it?
Actually I would just like their postcode at the moment.|Sure, the guesthouse postcode is cb12de. Do you need help with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|welcome and have a nice day
I'm sorry I am also looking for a restaurant called bedouin.|Yes, it's an african restaurant in the centre. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can I book for 8 people on Saturday at 16:00?|Your table is reserved at Bedouin, the reference number is 8KD5RUKV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. That is all I needed.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please?|There are 24 guest houses available. Is there a particular area of the city you'd prefer to stay in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the centre of town please.|I have two options for you. Both offer free wifi and parking. The El Shaddai has no star rating or the Alexander B & B has a 4-star rating.
I'll take the El Shaddai please.|Sure thing. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book it for 2 nights, 5 people starting on Friday.|The booking was successful, your reference code is 8090X905. Do you want further assistance?
No that's all. Good bye!|Thank you goodbye!
I'm looking for a train to Stevenage, please.|There are 70 trains departing to Stevenage. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday and would like to arrive by 21:00 to cambridge.|I have many options available. May I have the departure site please?
I am departing from Stevenage. I need to book seats for 8 people to Cambridge on a Saturday to arrive by 21:00.|I have several trains that will arrive in Cambridge by 21:00 what time of day would you prefer to depart?
Early evening please.|Could you please specify a precise time you would like to leave.
Close to arriving by 21:00. I need to book it for 8 people for a Saturday.|TR6759 leaves Stevenage at 19:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:43.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like 8 tickets please. May I also have the reference number?.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is IQC4RP3I, and the total cost will be 81.92 GBP. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the east side.|I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that match your criteria. Would any other area, price, or internet availability be acceptable?
How about the one that is in the type of guesthouse?|There are 3 guesthouses available, 2 of them have free parking.
Can I have the information for the guesthouse that doesn't have free parking? I would like the phone number, postcode and star rating please.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702. The address and postcode  is 124 Tenison Rd, cb12dp. It is a 4 star guesthouse.
Thanks!  I think that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to stay in the east|What pricerange are you looking for in your hotel?
I would prefer a place in the moderate price range with 4 stars and free wifi.|I have 3 results in the moderate price range. Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking. I would need you to book a place for 1 person who will be staying for three nights beginning Tuesday. Can you do that?|Not a problem, would the A and B Guest House work for you?
Yes, please book it. I need a reference number. I also need to book a train leaving after 13:15 on Tuesday.|What days are you planning on staying and how many people will be staying?
1 person and 3 nights starting tuesday please.|It's all booked, reference number is 22HE1KCU
Thank you I also need a train leaving after 13:15 on tuesday|There are 2828 trains can you tell me where you would be leaving from and your destination?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from broxbourne.|The following train is available: TR8199 Broxbourne to Cambridge on Tuesday at 13:32 arriving at 14:32.  This will cost 17.89GBP.  Would you like to reserve this?
Yes please. Just one ticket and could I get the reference number pleases?|Yes, I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 2DATSODP.
Ok, great! Thanks for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.|I am glad that I could help. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that does not need free parking.|I found 10 places, do you have a hotel style preference of gueshouse or hotel, or an area you prefer?
I don't have a preference for the type but I would like a place in the east.|There are three cheap guesthouses in the east area, however, they all have parking. Will this be okay, or would you like to look at a different area or price?
It sounds fine. Do any of them include free wifi?|All of them include free wifi.
What's the phone number and star rating of your favorite one?|Allenbell is my favorite. It has four stars. The phone number is 01223210353. Shall I book that for you?
That'd be great. Thank you.|You're welcome. How many people are in your party, and when will you arrive? Also, how long would you like to stay?
I will book on my own, thanks.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Im finished.|Okay. Have a good day.
I'm looking for an Italian food restaurant located in the centre|i got 9 options.what is your price range?
Thank you! I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|Okay, I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. It needs to be for 4 people at 18:15 on Thursday.|I was able to book your table successfully. Your reference number is T8HBG78O and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Do you need any further assistance today?
Well, I also need a place to stay.  I prefer a guesthouse with a 2 star rating.|We have many guest houses, but none of them have a two star rating. Could I find something else for you?
Yes you can The hotel should be in the same area as the restaurant|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
Okay thank you. Please book that for 4 people at 18:15 on thursday.|I will book that for 4 people.
Thank you. What is the address?|The address is 154 chesterton road.
I need a cab to commute, to the hotel by 18:15 and I need the contact # and car type too please|Okay! From where will you be departing?
Actually I will be departing from the hotel and arriving by the 18:15 restaurant booking.   How silly of me to tell you that I was leaving the restaurant.|Your taxi is confirmed. You should look for a white lexus. If you need to contact the driver, the contact number is 07179268142.
That is all I need today thank you.|You're welcome. Please contact us again if you need any further assistance.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and a 0 star rating.|I have found three hotels which in the cheap and moderate price range. They are also located in the north and centre area. Which do you prefer?
One with moderate price range, please.|I have located citiroomz in the centre area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please that would be great. Can you do it for 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday|Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Would you like to try another hotel?
Can you find a hotel in the same price range?|How does lovell lodge sound?  It is in the moderate price range but it has a two star rating.
Do they have rooms available for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday?|Yes, I was able to book that for you. Address is 365 milton road. Reference number is  EWRN88MQ.  Would that work for you?
Yes that's fine. Thank you so much!|Great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
We will. Thanks again.|Great! Let me know if you need anything else.
Hi, I'm planning a trip and am finding the trains to be a bit confusing.  Can you help me find one?|Yes I would be happy to help you.  Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I will be departing from Stevenage and going into Cambridge on Sunday.|There are multiple trains on sunday. Do you have a time you want to depart or arrive by?
I want to depart anytime after 15:30, so the soonest available train after that would be nice.|I have TR1577 leaving at 15:54, would you like me to book a ticket?
No, thank you, but could you tell me the arrival time?|Yes, the train arrives in Cambridge at 16:43.
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay in a 0-star guesthouse in the center of town. Oh, and I need free parking.|I have the City Centre North B&B in the north and El Shaddai in the centre. Which would you prefer?
El Shaddai, please. I need their phone number, address, and postcode.|Okay, their phone number is 01223327978.
Great, thanks so much! What is their address and postcode?|The address is 41 warkworth street and the postcode is cb11eg. Is there anything else I ca help you with?
Great. That's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre. Can you recommend one?|Sure, I can help you with that.  There are plenty of options that meet your requirements.  Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Are there any Australian restaurants?|I'm sorry, there are no Australian restaurants in any price range anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
What about European?|There are four great choices but i highly recommend galleria located at 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?|Sure. What day works for you?  How many people will be in your dining group?
Just me. And I need the reservation for Wednesday.|Sure, what time do you prefer?
Make it for 11:15.|Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JFF6XGYL.
Thanks I also need a hotel to stay at with free parking in the same area as the restaurant.|alexander bed and breakfast is quite popular in the centre of town and while on the cheap price range, it is a 4 star which includes both internet and parking.
I am actually looking for a hotel to book, not a guesthouse. I need a hotel in the center with free parking.|I have 2 to choose from. The Gonville Hotel which has 3 stars or the University Arms Hotel that is 4 star rated. Do you need a reservation at one?
Lets book the Gonville Hotel.|How many days would you like to stay?
I need a reservation just for myself for 3 nights starting Wednesday, please.|OK, booking complete at the Gonville Hotel for 3 nights starting on Wednesday for 1 guest. Your Reference number is : 9QUHR157.
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I need a hotel in north Cambridge.|There are 2 hotels in the north area of town, both have 2 star ratings and offer free wifi and parking.  Can I book one for you?
Is the parking free?|Yes they have free parking.
Yes, go ahead.  I need it for Tuesday for 3 people and for 3 nights.   Could you send me a reference number too?|What day will you be staying there?
I told you Tuesday can I speak to a manager you are not paying attention.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KZHALMQD.
anything else?
Can you also find an expensive british restaurant for me?|There are many good British restaurants in town. One of my favorites is Graffiti on the west side of town. Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes, please. Can we get a table on the same day we arrive at the hotel? We'd like to eat at 20:00, if possible.|Your table has been booked for 3 people at 20:00 on Tuesday at Graffiti. Your reference number is BA1VAKNA.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I needed.|Excellent!  Enjoy your visit.
Hi, I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town to visit.|We have quite a few interesting attractions in the center of town.  Is there anything in particular you would like to see?
I have no preference, I just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.|There are 44 different attractions here in cambridge.  Would you like me to pick one of them for you?
As long as it is in the centre of town, yes.|There is the All Saints Church at Jesus Lane.
Can I get the adress, postcode, and entrance fee?|No problem. The address is Jesus Lane, postcode cb58bs and the entrance fee is free. What else can I help you with?
I would like to book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, for three people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.|That booking wasn't successful.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you try for 1 night instead?|Yes, I was able to book it for one night. your reference number is U4CZ92U1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi for me?|Sure. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'm hoping to leave from the Alexander by 09:30 please.|Alright, I got a yellow Toyota taxi to take you from the Alexander to All Saints Church. The taxi contact number is 07449269313. Anything else you need today?
No thanks, that's all.|Great, have a fantastic trip. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Can  you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi?|Twenty one accomodations meet your needs. What part of town are you planning to stay in?
That doesn't matter as long as it's cheap.|There are 21 places in that criteria. What area of town? Or perhaps a need for free parking?
It doesn't matter. Like I told you, it just needs to be a cheap 4 star place with free wifi.|The Alexander bed and breakfast is the best option.
Okay I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes, of course.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : JVC5MSAV. anything else today?
I also need a train on Friday, departing after 9:00.|Ok. Where are you departing from?
i am departing from cambridge|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely, no need to book, but i need the train number, travel time departure time and arrival time|Train TR8792 departs at 09:50 and will arrive in Ely at 10:07. The total travel time is 17 minutes. Anything more I can help with?
That is all. Thanks for your time.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant. Do you know it? It's a restaurant.|Yes, it's a luxurious place on the west side. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 6 people at 19:30 this Saturday. Could I also get the reference number?|Yes! Your all set confirmation number is QX0059LN, anything else today?
I was hoping to find a hotel that is 4 star.|What part of town are you looking at staying in?
I don't care, just as long as it's in the moderate price range.|You have 11 options. They are all guesthouses. Would you like free parking or internet at your location?
Oh, I really prefer a hotel.  Maybe you could find someplace that is cheap instead?|the cambridge belfry is in the west. It's a cheap 4 star hotel. Are you interested in booking a night?
Yes book it for Saturday. 6 people, 5 nights.|You are all set, the reference number is OEX7Z2S0, can I assist with anything else today?
That is all I need.|Thank you for calling and if you need anything else don't hesitate to call again.  Enjoy your dinner and hotel stay!
Give me an expensive japanese place to eat in the centre of the town please.|There is one place called Wagamama.  Great food.  Can I book a table for you?
That sounds good.|Can you give me the number of people, the time, and the day you would like to go, please?
I would like to book for Saturday at 12:15 for 3 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 75RU4Q1L.
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a 2 star hotel with free parking?|There are three hotels that meet that criteria. Do you prefer a certain price range or part of town?
No, I just need to know if they have internet and I need their postcode.|The Ashley hotel has free parking and internet. It is rated 2 stars. Their postal code is cb41er. May I help with something more?
Thanks, you've been helpful! That's it for me. Bye!|It was my pleasure to assist you! Til next time!
I'm wondering if you have information about a particular restaurant called the curry queen?|The curry queen is an expensive restaurant located in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, a table for 7 at 12:45 on Sunday.|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is WFOQFQ2P. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Need to book a hotel as well.|Do you have a price range or area you would like to stay?
My preferred type is a hotel, and I want it to have parking and internet as well as a 3 star rating.|There are two options. Both are expensive. Do you have a preference for area?
No I have no preference. I would like to book it same day for 7 people and 4 nights. I would need the reference number once it is complete.|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it right now.
Are you sure?  Can you try both of them?  I really need 4 nights, starting sunday for 7 people.|I was able to book the gonville your reservation number is LANIULI7, anything else I can help you with today?
Awesome, you've been a great help.  Thank you.|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Looking forward to visiting and seeing some local attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help?|sure, what area do you prefer and when is your stay if I may ask?
No specific area, but I would like for it to be expensive. It needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I have 5 listings available so lets narrow it down to one you may like. How about the star rating? Also do you need parking or internet?
I do need parking and wifi.|We have 5 options; two in the centre of town and one each in the east, south and west.  Do you prefer 2, 3 or 4 stars?
i prefer the four star|Okay, I see two hotels.  The Huntingdon Marriott in the west and University Arms in the center.  Would you like me to book one of them?
Can I have the address, post code, and star of University Arms?|university arms hotel is a 4 star hotel located on regent street. Their post code is cb21ad
I am also in the mood for a museum.|There are 23 museums in the city.  Do you prefer to visit one in a certain part of town
Somewhere near my hotel would be good.|Ok, I recommend the whipple museum of the history of science, it's neat.   Would you like more information?
Sounds awesome! Can you tell me the area it's in along with the postcode and address?|It is located in the centre and the postcode is cb23rh.
I'll also need the address please.|The address is free school lane.  Can I help with anything else?
Okay that will be all today, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a college to go to.|I can certainly help with that. We have 18 colleges around the city. Is there a certain area you prefer to visit?
What's the most popular? May I have the postcode, entrance fee, and what area is it in?|Christ's college is popular.  It is in the centre and does not have an entrance fee.
Yes, thank you that will be fine.|Christ's college is located at saint andrew's street in the centre and their postcode is cb23bu.
Wonderful. I am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 4 star rating. I would like for it to have free wifi and in the west.|There are no establishments matching your criteria. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Can you then search for one that is in the South?|Yes.  I would recommend Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south.
Great. Can I book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Saturday?|Absolutely, I was able to book you, and your reference number is WQ2KJECE. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to look for a taxi to get between both places.|Please tell me which place will be your departure site and what time you need to leave.
I would like to leave the college by 18:30.|The booking is completed.  I have booked car type	:	black skoda, Contact number	:	07214711864
That's excellent, than you so much for your assistance.|No problem, have a great time.
I'm excited about my trip to Cambridge to sight see, and need a hotel  while I'm there.|Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
Im not sure but I would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|What price range would you like?
I am looking for something moderately price and that is 4 star rated. I prefer a guesthouse also.|I have 7 guesthouses in the north, 3 in East and 1 in the South.  Would you like me to book the Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse in the South?
I would like the postcode of Aylesbray Lodge and I would like to find where the Milton Country Park is located.|I can only process one req at a time. Which one would you like first?
I need both pieces of information right now.|The postcode for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is cb17sr. Milton Country Park is located in the north in Milton and the post code is cb46az.
THank you so much for all your help.|You are quite welcome.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called Leverton House.|The Leverton House is a guesthouse in the east of the city. Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thank you. Please book a  reservation for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday.|I am sorry, but the Leverton House was not available for your party on Tuesday. Would you like me to look for another hotel?
Is there another hotel available in the same price range?|In what area would you like? Leverton is in the East, should the hotel be in the same area?
No, I don't care about the area, just the price. Recommend me one?|Yes Leverton is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, you said Leverton wasn't available.  Please just book a different  hotel in the same price range as Leverton.  Thanks.|I have booked you a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.  Your reference number is JGTE0KGB.   Is there anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Yes, there are multiple places to stay in Cambridge. May I help narrow down these choices for you?
I don't care about what part of town it is in, but I would like a 3 star guesthouse.|I'd suggest bridge guest house on 151 hills road. Would you like a reservation?
How expensive is it ? And is there any nearby attractions ?|The Bridge Guest House is in the moderate price range, and we have attractions in all areas of Cambridge so I'm sure you will find something to your liking.
Can you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Wednesday?|I was able to book the room for you your reference number is 5YY25K1O. Is there anything else you need me to do for you?
No, you've been very helpful. That's all I needed. Thank you very much.|You are welcome.
Actually, I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.|The Kymmoy is expensive and in the centre of town
I need to book a table for the same group of people at 20:00 the same day. I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UF08L0ON.  Anything else that I may help you with.
Yeah, I'd like a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number.|Taxi is booked. It's a black volkswagen, phone number 07609143114. Is that all for now?
yes, that's everything for me. Thanks for helping, goodbye|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a place to stay.|Great we have 33 places, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I'd like a moderately priced guesthouse.|We have 15 moderate priced Guesthomes available that may suit your needs, is there a certain area or star rating you are interested in?
Somewhere in the south would be ideal.|There are two:  Aylebray Lodge Guest House and Bridge Guest House.  Do either of those sound appealling?
Not sure yet.  Does either have free parking?  I also need free wifi.|There are 2 guest houses in the south part of town both have parking and internet. Do you want a 4 or 3 star room?
The star rating is not important. Either of those will do. Can I just get the name of one and the address please?|Bridge guest house	is located at 151 hills road. Would you like to book?
No thanks, can you help me find a nightclub to go to?|There are several nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Are you looking for anything in particular?
No, can you recommend your favorite one?|Yes, I recommend Club Salsa on 1 Station Road. It costs 5 pounds to get in.
OKay that's perfect thanks so much.|No problem! Is that all I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi. Ill need to leave club salsa by 15:45 and go to bridge guest house.|Okay let me work on booking that for you!
Thank you. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|i booked your taxi. there will be a black lexus coming for you. their phone number is 07229053145.
thanks for all your help. You've been great. Have a nice day. Goodbye.|You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for a train departing from ely and should arrive by 14:30.|ok, what is your destination?
Cambridge, I need to leave on tuesday too.|Five trains match your description. The first leaves at 05:35. Do you want a seat on this train or on a later train?
This one will do. I will need to book for 4 people. Can I get the reference number once booked, please?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 2KELM023.
i am also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.|I can make you a reservation , how long do you plan on staying?
I need a booking for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|Your confirmation number is G1AP9UFL. Can I assist you with anything else?
Not at the moment. Thank you.|Okay, well, thank you for allowing me to help you.  Enjoy your stay!
Thank you. Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the east|There are no cheap hotels in the area but three cheap guesthouses.  Are those ok, or did you want me to run another search?
I think a 4 star guest house would be good.|autumn house	is located at 710 newmarket road. Want me to book it for you?
No, I don't need a booking, just the phone number please.|Certainly, the phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes information regarding a particular restaurant called Michael House Cafe.|Michael House Cafe is located in the centre area and serves European food. Would you like to book a table?
no just the address if you have it|Yes the address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Great.  I would like you to book a taxi for me.  I want to leave the restaurant by 9:45 and head back to the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey BMW and the contact number is 07956996955.
That is. Thanks for your help !|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Please call again if we can assist you with anything else! Goodbye.
Hi, are you familiar with the Avalon hotel?|I am, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would love that. Can you book me a room starting on Friday night?|I'd be happy to reserve your room. How many nights would you like to stay, and how many in your party? And do you need any other information about the location?
I need a train that stops at london liverpool street and should arrive by 12:45, will you book it for me|I'd be happy to. Assuming you're departing from Cambridge, what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to depart on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 1245.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 9:59 and arriving at london liverpool street at 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like five tickets, please.|Ok.  You are booked for 5 seats on TR5874.  Wednesday at 09:59.  The total is 83 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is 8C6ZLYNK.
Thank you very much. That is all I need. Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I'm looking for colleges in the centre of town.|I have 13 colleges in the Centre of town. Is there a particular one you're looking for?
that's great. Are there any close to some museums and restaurants?|I'm sure there are.  What area are you looking for?
I'm looking for the college to be in the centre area of town, if possible.|I would recommend pembroke college, which is located at trumpington street. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cheap 4 star guest house. Any area will do.|The Leverton House guesthouse is located in the east area. It's cheap with four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No, but could you give me the address and postcode?|Yes. The address is 732-734 newmarket road, and the postcode is cb58rs. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No thank you, I am all set.  Enjoy the rest of your weekend.|Thank you. You as well!
I am looking for information on a restaurant called caffe uno|There is a caffe uno at 32 Bridge St., would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 4 people, at 15:15, and I'd like that for Saturday,please.|Here is the booking information.Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9ZL6WG4I.
I am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the north and has free parking and wifi.|The Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced, 4-star accommodation with internet and parking. Would that suit you?
Yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting saturday|I apologize but the hotel booking system appears to be down at the moment.  Can I help you with something else?
Please try for wednesday instead and see if that works|I'm sorry, I can't book anything right now.
Is there another guesthouse that you can try?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 89C4TDSA.
Thank you, I need a taxi too back and forth between the two places. I need to get to the place to eat on time.|A blue volvo is booked. The contact number is 07059000529. Will that be all for you today?
Yes thank you. You have been so helpful and made this process easy.|Great, thanks for talking to us today!
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.|What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area?
could you check for something in the moderate price range?|I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?|You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by 08:15 in Cambridge please.|Yes for how many people ?
Oh, I don't need to book any tickets, I would just like to know the the departure time, price, and travel time, please.|Both options cost 37.80 Pounds, and take 105 minutes. One leaves at 5:09, the other at 6:09. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed today. Thanks, and goodbye!|please contact us again in the future. thanks. goodbye.
Hi, I I'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.|I have 17 different options. In order to narrow down an option for you, can you tell me what area you would prefer?
I am not sure but I do want it to have a 4 star rating.|We have 11 such entries. Does free parking matter to you?
Not really, but free parking could be nice.|If you have no other preferences to help narrow it down, may I suggest the Acorn guest house? It's very nice, with free wifi and free parking as well.
That is perfect.  Please book 3 days starting on Sunday.|Okay and how many guests will be included in the reservation?
There will be 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|You said Sunday at first and they you just said Monday.  Do you want it for Sunday or Monday?
Sorry. Monday is what I want.|I'm sorry, but the hotel isn't available for your stated days. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 2 nights starting on Monday?|There are no rooms available for 2 nights starting on Monday. How about a different day or a shorter period?
Okay, how about for 1 night?|Your booking request was successful!, Would you like the reference number? Or is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. I do need the booking number and would also like to check into a train.|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday.|Hi, we have several trains leaving on monday. Is there a particular time of day, you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave after 12:30|I have several trains running that day, the earliest I can offer that leaves after 12:30 is TR3108 which leaves at 13:32 and arrives by 14:32, would you like me to book your tickets?
Yes, please, and can I have a confirmation number as well?|Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to get?
I only need one ticket.  Thank you.|I have booked your ticket for one, is there anything else you need?
What is the travel time for the train?|The train leaves at 13:32 and arrives 14:32 for a travel time of 60 minutes.  Is there anything else you need?
That's all. Thanks! Goodbye!|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?|The A and B guest house is a cool place to stay in the east. We also have many other options. Do you have a price range?
I'm a sophisticated man. I will only consider expensive guesthouses.|We have 5 great choices. Do you have a preference with a specific location?
I would like to make sure it has free wifi.|The gonville hotel is really nice. Want a reservation?
Yes can you please?|Can you tell me what day you want to start your stay? And how many people for how many nights?
monday and for 5 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is AZSYT6ET. Can I help with anything else?
We need a place to go in town.  Can you help?|Sure I can. Do you have a preference for what part of town, or what type of place you want to visit?
I'm looking for a place to go in the east, entertainment type.|How does the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds sound? Would you like more information about this attraction?
Sounds great. I'd love to know the postcode, phone number, and address for that attraction if you wouldn't mind.|The postcode is cb18dw. They are on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446104. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a taxi?|Yes I can I just need the travel time, departure time, and arrival time.
Yes, I want to depart Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds by 16:00. I will be going to the hotel.|I need to know the name of destination please.
You just reserved the Gonville hotel for me. That's where I'd like to go.|Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a Blue Ford.  Contact number: 07146797795. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all.|Thanks for using our service. Enjoy your visit.
Thank you. Goodbye.|thank you for using this service good bye
I am looking for a hotel named,"the lensfield hotel".|can I check availability for you?
Yes and I will need to know their postcode, if they have internet, and what type of hotel they are.|The Lensfield is an expensively-priced 3 star hotel on the south side of town. They provide free Internet and parking, and they're located at 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en.
Thank, I also want to dine at a restaurant in the same area with an expensive price range.|What kind of food?
i want some italian food.|Frankie and Bennys has some really yummy food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 people on Monday night. Are there any available?|There are tables available for 8 on Monday night. What time would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation at 17:30.|Your reservation was successful.  It will be available for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is LOSDRFUO.
Great! Thank you! I think that is all that I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.|We have two options in North available for you, do you have any additional criteria to choose between those or would you like a reccomendation?
I do want it to be a 4-star place.|It looks like there aren't any 4 star hotels in the north.  Would you like me to check another area?
No, I like the North.  Perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?|There are several options for guesthouses in the north with 4 stars, would you prefer moderate or cheap price range?
I would prefer the cheap price range.|Would you like to book worth house?
What is the price of the Worth House?|Sorry, I don't have that information. There phone number is 01223316074.
can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people.|Sure, your booking for the Worth House for a 5 night stay has been confirmed. Your reference number is GWIK59YW. May I help with anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|I search for restaurants in the north, there are 9 options, any preferences?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price|I have many in those categories. How about trying Saigon City?
Thank you. I just need their phone number and postcode.|The phone number for Saigon City is  	01223356555. The post code is cb41nl. Can I help you with anyone else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.|When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 8:30.|I booked you a yellow lexus and you can reach the driver at 07465015812. Would that be all today?
Thank you for the booking of the taxi.  That will be all foe now.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Where is this saffron brasserie located?|it's located in the centre.
Great I would like to book a table.|Ok, I can handle that for you. How many people will dining with you?
Well...I don't have any friends... I'll be going in on Thursday at 12:30.|Okay, I was able to book a table for you. Reference number is : 1793CE4C. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the east. It doesn't have to have free parking, but I would like a 4 star place.|There are several guest houses with 4 stars in the east. They are in the cheap and moderate price ranges. Do you have a preference?
No preference. Could you pick one for me?|Sure, I recommend Autumn House.  It is on 710 Newmarket Road and is very popular.
Could you book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Autumn House is booked for you. 1 person staying 2 nights starting on Thursday. Your Reference number is : 8YGNKA7F. Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please also find a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.|What time frame would you like it to be in?
I would to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 12:30.|Okay. Your booking is completed. The car type is red Honda. The contact number is 07940318761.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thanks for the help.|You are very welcome, enjoy.
I'm sure I will. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help find a theatre in the centre of town?|I can help you with that.  How about the ADC Theatre?  It is in the centre of town.
Great, how much is admission?|Sorry, I don't have that information, but here is the phone number: 01 223 300 0085 if you would like more specifics.
thank you. i also want a hotel to stay which should a have a  star of 4|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.|Do you prefer a specific type of hotel or are you working on a budget?
I'd like a 4 star in the cheap price range please.|I have one fitting that. Would you like more info?
Yes is it a guesthouse?|Yes it is, it's called worth house.
I need the phone number for the hotel please.|The phone number is 01223316074. May I help with something else?
i also need a taxi from the worth house to the adc theatre. i want to leave the hotel by 20:15.|Booking completed!  Your booked car type is blue audi and it will come at 20:15.  The contact number is 07263502417.  Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I needed.|Great! Enjoy your show, and I hope you have a great stay!
I am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking.|Ok.  There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria.  What part of town would you prefer?
I WOULD PREFER A NICE PART OF TOWN.|The city centre is nice.  There's alexander bed and breakfast, a 4 star guesthouse that meets your criteria. Woiuld you like me to book a reservation.
Yes, can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on thursday?|Okay I will make the reservation.
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge.|There are over 1000 trains coming to Cambridge. Is there a particular day, time, or point of departure that you're interested in?
I want to leave from london liverpool street on tuesday.|What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I would like to arrive by 9:30.|Sure, the train the arrives closest to that time is TR2715, arrives at 09:07. Shall I book it, if so how many riders are there?
Just one. What is the price to book the train?|The price of the train is 16.60 pounds.
Alright, Thanks. I'm also looking for a particular hotel, it's name is Hamilton Lodge.|I have found the place you are looking for. Its address is 156 chesterton road, would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Does the Hamilton Lodge include free parking?|Yes, they have free parking as well as internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, thank you.|Of course, what will the number of guest and the duration of your stay be?
Actually, I don't need the room booked. I think we're all set here. Have a good day.|You as well, goodbye.
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range with free parking.|I have 14 places that match your request. Is there a certain area or type of lodging that you would like?
I am looking for a guesthouse type please.|Can I get information on the area you would like the guesthouse in?
Yes please, and let try the North part of town.|I have 5 guesthouses available in the north with free parking. What star rating are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.|I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
If the Acorn Guest House has free wifi, please book it for me.|What day would you like it booked for?
Starting Sunday for 3 nights and 6 people.|I am sorry but I was unable to book that for you. Should I try another hotel?
yes, lets try a different hotel in the same price range.|I could try the home from home for you. Would that work for you?
Only if it has free parking.|Yes it does and I was able to book it for you! The reference number is LCO449VR.
Thank you, so much.  That is everything I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I am looking for a college to visit.|We have many colleges in Cambridge, most of which are in the center of town. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I don't have a preference, but could I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number please?|Clare college is located in the west with a postcode of cb21tl. The phone number is 01223333200 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you. Can you help me in finding a hotel in the centre of town?|May I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast Hotel located in the centre of town at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Does it have 0 stars? I'm wanting to make sure I book a room at a place with 0 stars.|No, the Alexander has a 4 star rating. There are two others located in the centre of town that have 0 stars. Would you like information for either of those?
Could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Saturday?  If so, book it and please provide a reference number.|In order that I may better serve you, I will need the date you will need your accommodations.
I just said I needed it on Saturday for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us.|I have you booked for four nights.  Your reference number is ACLLASUS.
Great, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|I'd be happy to help you with a taxi. Which will you be departing from and what time are you looking to leave?
I will be departing from Clare college at 02:15.|Okay, I booked a taxi from Clare College to Alexander at 02:15. The car will be a yellow Tesla, contact number is 07924405989.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this saturday?|There are several trains departing from Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you traveling and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to Peterborough and want to leave after 12:00.|There are multiple trains leaving that day after 12. First one departs at 12:06.
Book the first one for 8 people please.|I have booked it and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : SLAC2W0W.
Thank you that is all I need|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh I almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star hotel with free internet?|I'm sorry, I am not able to find a 5 star hotel with free internet.  Would you consider a 4 star hotel?  There are 3 of those.
Yes, I would consider a star rating of 4.  Can you pick one for me please?|huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
Ok and does that have free wifi?|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has free WiFi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|Okay, I booked it and your reference number is CEVX0OU3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.|You are so welcome! You take care now, bye!
I am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.|What price range are you looking for?
Expensive and in the north please.|My system is not pulling up any guesthouses in the north with free wifi and expensive in price. Would you like to adjust your criteria?
Can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the moderate price range please?|I have several moderately priced guesthouses.  Do you have a star preference?
Not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. I'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. Can you book it for me? There's 4 in my party.|The booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number please.|The reference number is GF89WKAB, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a place to eat that serves british food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.|which side of town do you prefer?
Doesn't matter to me, what do you recommend?|I recommend travellers rest on the west side of town, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Sure. Can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at 17:15? And give me the reference number please.|Your reservation is booked, and the reference number is I2WJ41ZB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi as well.|I need to know which two locations you are going between and your time of travel please.
I need the taxi to get us from the hotel to the restaurant before the booked time please.|I need the time of travel, name of departure, name of arrival destination please.
Well it's going to be from our hotel to Travelers Rest restaurant by 5:15.|How many people will be in the taxi?
Four people will be riding in the taxi.|A white honda will pick you up at Acorn Guest House and take you to Traveller's Rest so that you arrive by 05:15. The driver's phone number is 	07854671215
Thank you for your help, that is all.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
what museum would you recommend in the east part of cambridge?|I would recommend cambridge artworks, it is a museum in the east and has free entrance. Would you like any more information?
I am also looking for the Limehouse hotel. Do you know if they have internet?|Yes, the Limehouse hotel has internet. Would you like more information about this hotel?
Yes, how many stars is is rated?|Limehouse is a 4 star hotel.  Would you like to book it?
That's ok. I can take care of booking myself. Would you know a place in the centre of town where we could go for boating?|The cambridge punter meets your criteria. Would you like some more information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee?|I do not know the entrance fee. You can call them directly at 07807718591.
Okay. That's all I need, I guess.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|All right, we have many places to stay with free wi-fi. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to be in the north, and I need a place with free parking. I'd also like to keep the price to a moderate range.|There are several places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on star rating?
No, could you make a recommendation based on that criteria and send me the postcode, address, and hotel type, please?|I recommend the Kirkwood House. It is a guesthouse with 4 star ratings. The postcode is cb41da, and the address is 172 Chesterton Road.
That's all the information I need. Thank you so much for your help. Bye!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side.|There are many guesthouses and hotels on the north side. Do you have any preferences?
I would like for the place to be 0 stars but has to include free wifi and free parking.|I found the City Centre North B and B.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes. I want to book it for 8 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.|Okay, your all set. The reference number is  0IS0GU49. Can I do anything else for you?
That's all, thank you.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I need a guesthouse to stay while I'm in town.  I don't care if it has free parking or not.  Do you have something I could get?|I have 24 options available. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No specific area but i do need wifi and a moderate priced guesthouse please.|There are 14 guest house with internet and moderate price what area would you like
book a hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday|First let's pick one of the 14 guesthouses and then I'll book your room!
Sounds good. There are a lot to chose from, is there one that you specifically recommend?|Yes, I would recommend acorn guest house.
That sounds fine can you book for seven people for two nights starting Wednesday? I'm also looking for a park to visit.|Absolutely! Your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7ZCFV2O4. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a park to go to while I'm in town.|We have five parks available. Do you have an area that you would prefer?
I'd like someplace in the center, please.|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in the centre.  It's on Bateman Street.  The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with something else?
i also want a taxi to commute between  the two places|I should be able to help you with that. Are you traveling to the Botanic Gardens or from? And what time do you want the taxi for?
i want to leave the hotel by 01:15|And where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
It will be picking me up from the hotel. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|You are booked for a white audi with the contact number 07387814664. May I help with anything else, like a restaurant?
That's it for now. Thank you for you patient help. Goodbye.|Yeah, any time I was happy to help.
I need to find a place to stay in town|We have five hotels located in the Centre. Do you have a specific price range?
Not really, but I do want a 4-star hotel with free parking and wifi.|I have 2 places that fit that criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel, thank you.|The University Arms Hotel meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, that would be great!|How many are in your party?
I'll need rooms for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 70ZB569F. Can I help you with anything else?
I need the postcode , entrance fee and the attraction type of "The Place"|The Place is a nightclub and the postcode is cb23hg. The entrance fee is unknown, though.
Great.  Can you give me the address and phone number for The Place?  Thank you for your help.|Sure, the address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600. Anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome.  Please feel free to contact us again!
Can you recommend a hotel in the north part of town?|I would recommend Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road.
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating and free wifi?|No, I am afraid I have none with a 3 star rating in that area. Would you like to try another area or stars?
Any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free wifi.|Ok.  There is the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.  Are you interested in booking one of them?
No 3 star places to stay in the North? It doesn't have to be a hotel but maybe a guesthouse?|I have one..The Hamilton lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I just need the price range and the phone number|The price range is moderate. The phone number is 01223365664. Would you like any other information?
Are there any French restaurants in the same area as the Hamilton Lodge?|Yes, I actually do have one. It is Restaurant Two Two. They are expensive and located on 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223351880. Would you need reservations?
Could you please give me the postcode for Restaurant Two Two?|postal code is CB43AX
Need a place to eat, panasian food, pricey!|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any Panasian restaurants that fall into that price range. Would you like to look for a different type of food?
Thai food would be just as good.|I have 2 places, would you like the one in the west or centre of town?
Could I have the postcode, and address of both of them please?|Sala Thong is at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham, cb39ey and Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City, Centre, cb23jx.
Thanks. I need a place to stay also. I would like a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|I show 23 guesthouses available with free wifi.  Which area of town would you like to stay?
I would like to stay on the east side, please.|There are 6 guest houses in the east that offer free wifi. Can I recommend the Autumn House?
Hmm, I've never been there. Let's try that. Can you book me a room for Saturday for 5 guests, 2 nights please?|No problem! Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MJ95SPPP.
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|Which restaurant will you be going to and what time would you like to arrive?
Thank you, I would like to commute from the hotel to Sala Thong, and I want to leave by 06:15.|Ok, I have booked a taxi for you.  Its going to be a blue Audi & the contact number is 07493726924.
Great, you've been awesome. Bye.|Have a great day and a great trip! Goodbye.
Would you help me book a train for Thursday, please?|Yes, where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge|There are over 200 trains going to Cambridge on Thursday.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|That narrows us down to about 19 trains. Do you have a time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 15:45.|Then in that case, I recommend the TR0209	which departs from Kings Lynn at 16:11 and gets into Cambridge at 16:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.|There is nothing in the price range you mentioned.  Would you be willing to stay at a cheap hotel or an expensive hotel?
I would like a cheaper hotel.|Ok I Am going to book a cheaper hotel for you ,have a good day,thank you.
Can I get the reference number for that booking?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is Z3NAOPSY.
Is that for 2 people?  And I need it for 5 nights starting thursday.|I'm sorry, let's get your hotel choice fixed first. There is one cheap hotel - The Cambridge Belfry. It has free internet and parking. Can I book this one for you?
I prefer a moderate price one.|Is there an area you'd prefer to stay in?
In the east. With free wifi, please.|Do you need free parking?
No free parking is not necessary.|I found 3 guesthouses matching that criteria, I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Located in the east, 4 stars, and has free wifi. Will this one work?
Yes, book that one please.|Your room is reserved, ref# UCVH6QPU. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not that's it. Thank you so much!|Ok.  Thank you for choosing Cambridge Towninfo Centre.   We hope you enjoy your stay.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.|Sure. What is your price range and what side of town will you be interested in?
I would like a moderate price hotel in Cambridge.|I have some moderate priced hotels in the north and center.  Do you have a location preference?
I'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.|There are two 2 star hotels in the north part of town. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both include free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Either one is fine. I need to book it for 5 nights on Wednesday. There are 4 people.|I will work on that and be back with you in a moment.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel|There are a total of 9 hotels currently that match your descriptions. Is there a certain price range or are location you need the hotel to be in?
it should be in the moderate price range|The 2 hotels in the north have 2 stars. The one hotel in the centre has 0 stars.
Okay, it needs to be 4 stars.  What about Guesthouses?|Unfortunately there are none in the moderate price range. Would you perhaps consider an expensive price?
how about a guesthouse instead?|There are several 4-star guesthouses with wi-fi in the moderate price range. Would you prefer to stay in the east or the northern part of town?
It doesn't matter to me what part of town it's in. What's your favorite?|I do like the Avalon. It's a very nice place and it fits your requirements.
Ok, can we book that for 4 people, for 3 nights starting Tuesday?|2UOVP3E0 is your confirmation, may I get you anything else?
No. Thanks for your help.  Bye.|I glad we could help. Have a great day.
Hi, I want to find an architecture attraction in the west please.|I am not showing an architecture in the west. Would you be interested in a different type of attraction or a different area?
Are there any museums in the west?|Yes. There are 7 museums in the west. I can recommend the cambridge country folk museum and kettle's yard. Would either of those interest you?
The folk museum sounds interesting.  Can I get the address and entrance fee?|Their address is 2-3 castle street and the fee is 3.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes - I'm looking for a 3-star place to stay. Something moderately priced.|There are 4 guesthouses that meet your criteria. The Hobsons House is popular. Would you like to book it?
As long as it is in the North, and meets that criteria, sure.|In the North and Moderately priced we have hamilton lodge and alpha-milton guest house.
Hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 3 nights starting monday, please.|You are booked at the Hamilton Lodge for three days starting Monday, and your confirmation number is 1ROQGKD4. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I want to leave the folk museum by 2:30 to go to the hotel. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|The contact number is 07050010887 and it will be a white Ford.
Thank you for the info on the taxi and helping me find one have a great day!|I wish you a lovely day too.
I would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
A moderate price range would be perfect. Could you make sure it also has a star rating of 3?|The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Sounds good, can you book it for me for Wednesday, 3 nights and 4 people?|The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive price range but is 3 star. The only moderate price hotel in that area is Cityroomz but is a 0 star rating.
You can book that on for me. I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Hotels do not have entrance fees. Gonville hotel is located at gonville place in the postcode cb11ly. Anything else for you?
I am sorry, I am looking for a park near the hotel. I need the entrance fee, phone number and postcode for the park.|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens  is a park nearby.  Their phone is 01223336265, the post code is cb21jk, it's located on bateman street.
Can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the Botanic Gardens at 3:30?|A grey ford will arrive to take you to gonville hotel. The contact number is 07759806308. Anything else today?
No thank you, that's all for today. Goodbye!|Thank you, have a great day
Hello! Can you please give me information about Dojo Noodle Bar?|Dojo noodle bar is a asian oriental restaurant located in the centre of town at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.  The phone number is 01223363471. Anything else?
Can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? I will also need a table for 2 at 15:15 on Saturday.|Yes sure it is in the cheap price range and the booking number is 9GGR7AJ5.
thank you for assisting.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a recommendation on hotels in the north that have free parking.|There are two hotels in the north that meet your needs, both in the moderate price range. Lovell Lodge has gorgeous grounds this time of year. Would you like a reservation?
Lovell Lodge sounds good. I don't need a reservation.|NO worries, can I provide any other information on help with anything else?
Just a reference number|There won't be a reference number unless we book the hotel. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I would. For 2 nights, same group of people and same day.|Unfortunately I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try it for 1 night instead and see if that works? and then give reference number|It appears that our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you check your system again? I really need a hotel.|It was successful this time! Here is your reference number, 8DS9PG53.
Thats all i need for now. Thanks!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hello. I am working out some details regarding my trip to Cambridge. I am sort of overwhelmed by the number of attractions and need your help.|I can help you narrow down your choices.  Did you have a type of attraction you were interested in?
Yes, I'm interested in museums. Can you suggest one for me?|In what area would you prefer it to be?
I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.|There are 11 in the center of town. How about contemporary art?
Yeah, that sounds good. Can you give me the postcode?|Sure thing the postcode for Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything more today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre that is moderate in price.|Cityroomz is available. Would you like to book this hotel?
I need the hotel to be 4 stars with free parking. Does Cityroomz have these?|Actually Cityroomz is 0 stars and doesn't have parking. Would you like to try a different area?
how about one like that in the north? get the postcode,address, and phone number|there are none with 0 stars in the north
The one in the north did not need to be 0 stars. Just one in the north.|Lovell Lodge is in the north and is moderate priced. Postcode is cb41sr, phone is 01223425478, and address is 365 milton road. Does that work?
That sounds good. Does it have 4 stars?|Lovell lodge is 2 stars
I'd really like a 4 star. Is there a 4 star hotel in the north with parking?|4-star accommodations in the north are all guesthouses. The acorn guest house is highly recommended, and has free internet and parking. Would you like more information or to book?
No, but can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for the Acorn?|The address of the Acorn is 154 chesterton road,	postcode 	cb41da. Telephone number 01223353888,
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.|I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.|Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi|May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.|We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking?|Yes it most certainly does.
What's the price range, postcode and address please|The Kirkwood House is moderately priced and is located at 172 Chesteron Road, CB4 1DA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.|Okay.  The guesthouse is Kirkwood House and it is moderately priced, located at 172 Chesterton Road  Reference Number CB4 1DA.
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.|I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.|I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.|The cheap one is the Cambridge belfry.
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IKC0PEFS.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Monday.|sure I can help you with that, when are you leaving or when would you like to arrive and how many tickets would you like?
I need the tickets for 3 people. The same ones I am going to the restaurant with.|A train is leaving at 05:01 is that a good time?
I need to be in Broxbourne by 2:00. What time does the 05:01 get in? I'm thinking that might be a little early.|it leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01, my mistake
Okay, please book that train for the same group of people on Monday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : KPSSVAA1.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great thank you! That's all I need today!|You're welcome. Have a great trip! Goodbye
Hi, I'm looking for a place to go see architecture in the centre of town.|There are 4 churches and an old schools. All are free except for great saint mary's church which has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Which do you prefer?
Just give me the information for the first one that is free in the centre, like their phone number and postcode please.|holy trinity church, phone number is 01223355397, postcode is cb23nz. Is there anything else you need?
I actually would like to find a place to stay that is in the centre of town also.|We have 5 potential options available to you. Is there a particular lodging type or price range you are interested in the most?
No particular pricerange, but I want it to be a type of hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.|I think citycroomz would work well. Would you like more information?
No, thank you. That will be all. Have a great day!|My pleasure to be of service.  Have a wonderful visit to Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?|There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
No, I have no preference.  Just pick one.  That will be fine.|I recommend alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?
Perfect. I'll need a room for myself, for five nights on tuesday.|Perfect, you are all set for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on Tuesday, your reference number is 22DG5770. Is there anything I can help with today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|I hope you not going to sit in your room by yourself for 5 days, are you sure that you dont want to know about a restaurant or attraction?
Actaully i will be on business so not out much but I do need a train, to cambridge leaving after 21:15|Ok great. What day will you be traveling?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15 on tuesday departing from broxbourne.|I have the TR9688, which leaves at 12:32. Would you like to book this train?
I need a train after 21:15.|There are 3 trains leaving an hour apart starting at 21:32. The travel time is 60 minutes and costs 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book one?
No thank you. I just need the train ID and arrival time for one of them.|The TR3112 arrives at 22:32.
Great, thanks for that information on the train.  Can you book for a train leaving after 21:15?|How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for one person.|Your total is 17.89 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your reference number is RAIYCNJU.
that is all i needed for today. thanks alot|thank you for using this service good bye
Well, I am planning a trip and need some help with a train.|Of course, do you know your departure location and time?
I weill departing on thursday from cambridge and need to arrive by 10:30 in stevenage.|I have three, leaving between 5:21 and 9:21. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I need to know how much a ticket costs and how long it travels.|Train TR0552 arrives by 10:10 the ticket price is 12.80 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
Perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay with free parking|No problem, how many nights will you be staying?
I'm not sure of that yet. It does need to be in the north.|Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?
I would like an expensive guesthouse, please.|I'm not showing any expensive guesthouses.  Would you like me to search for guesthouses that are moderately priced?
Are there any expensive guesthouses in the centre with free parking?|No, I am afraid I am not showing any expensive guesthouse in the centre? Would you like to change your search?
How about cheap with the same criteria?|Yes, there are two. Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
yeah, let's do el shaddai.|Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
I need a table for 2 people.|i can book el shaddai for you. how many nights will you be staying?
Ok I will book it for you|What day would you like this reservation made for?
Please book the el shaddai for sunday, 2 nights, 2 people.|I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is FMTZQOT2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to go between the two places.|How many people in the taxi?
There will be 2 people.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to be picked up at my hotel and I need to be taken to the restaurant by 16:30.|Ok great. A restaurant has not been discussed yet. Would you like to book a table?
At the el shaddai.|I am not seeing that restaurant listed, is there a different one you might like to book?
I need a table for the same group of people and the same day.|There are 110 restaurants in the city. Are you looking for a particular area or cuisine type?
Yes, I am looking for Indian in the centre.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hello, could you tell me if there are any 1 star lodging establishments that offer free wifi?|There are not any with wifi. Would you like me to checked higher rated options?
No, thanks. Are you sure you can't find 1 star hotels?|I'm sorry, I double checked but there are not any 1 star rated hotels available. Can I help you find something else that may be suitable?
What about 4 star hotels?|Yes, there are quite a few.  Did you have a particular price range in mind?
No. I don't have a price preference.|In that case, I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast.
That sounds great can you book it for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and want to check in Wednesday.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is:  VZPWHWLV. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I need a train on the same day leaving Cambridge|Okay! Where are you going?
i am going to cambridge|Okay, from where?
No thank you that will be all|Can I look up anything else for you today?
no that will be all.|All right. Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I need to find an entertainment place in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town? Would you like me to search for a different area or a different type of attraction?
Is there a museum then?|Yes! There are 11 museums located in the centre of town. Would you like the information for any of them?
Yes, thank you. The address for any on that you recommend.|The primavera is located at 10 king s parage postcode cb21sj
thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the north.|acorn guest house	would be nice, can i boot it for you?
does it have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free wifi as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, for seven people. We want to check in on Sunday and stay for two nights.|Unfortunately there is no availability. Would you like to change the length of your stay or choose another guesthouse?
Alright, how about a single night stay? Would that work?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KIZ22NB2.
You are planning your trip in Cambridge.
You are looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range|Okay how about Yippee Noodle Bar? If you'd like I can book a table for you.
I would like to have British food. Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer British food?|No, Yippee Noodle Bar does not serve British food. However, there are four British restaurants in the area I could refer you to.
Yes, please recommend one.|The Oak Bistro is my favorite. Do you need their information or can I reserve a table for you?
Please reserve it for 2 people at 15:30 on thursday and give me the reference number.|Great. I have booked your table. The reference number is LU8KXXPR.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in centre as well that includes free wifi. Can you help me with that?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse that meets your needs, and Cityroomz is a hotel. Would you like to book a room at one of those?
Either would be fine, I guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on Thursday and we will be staying for 3 nights.|Your room is booked for 3 nights at El Shaddai, reference number is XBYOBYV7.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I will need a taxi to drive between the hotel and restaurant. Can you help me with that as well?|Yes, I can assist you with that. What time would you like to leave to the restaurant?
I just needed to arrive at the restaurant by 15 :30|Alright, I have your taxi booked for you. It will get you to the bistro by 15:30. Your car will be a red Volkswagen. Do you need anything else?
Just the contact number for the taxi, please.|The contact number is 07413487681. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the west please.|finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the west, it's fairly cheap too!
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does.
Great! I would like to make a booking for 8 people for 2 nights on Sunday.|I was able to book your party of 8 into Finches Bed and Breakfast starting Sunday for 2 nights. Reference: ZBJ8XF6G. Is there anything more I can assist with today?
Could you help me find an interesting museum?|Cambridge museum of technology	looks like a good place to check out.
Could you provide their  postcode, area, and entrance fee please?|Its postcode is cb58ld, it is in the east, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you for the info on a good museum to go to have a great day.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a taxi from the museum to the hotel.  I want to leave by 4:15.  Can you hook me up?|I was able to book your taxi from the museum back to finches.  It will be a grey volvo and the contact number is 07903288738.
Thanks! That's all I needed help with today.|Have a great trip!
I need a train leaving on monday after 18:45.|There are a lot of trains running then. Did you have a particular station you were going to or leaving from?
Yes, I need to travel from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|I have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Do you think that would be a good fit for you?
That would be great can you get me 4 tickets for that?|That has been booked. Your reference number is SGEZXO5V.
I would also need a place to stay in a guesthouse with free parking|The Allenbell is an affordable guesthouse in the area. How does that sound?
Is it cheap? And do they offer free parking?|They have free parking and internet. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you book it for the same people for 5 nights starting on the same day|I have that reservation made for you the reference number is 2U1NU0BI.
Thank you.  That  is all for now.|its been a pleasure to serve you.
Can you help me find a train departing from norwich leaving on sunday?|I found 19 trains that leave Norwich on Sunday. Where will you be traveling to and do you have an arrival time in mind?
I am traveling to Cambridge, of course! I can leave Norwich anytime after 12:45|i recommend TR2974 which leaves 17:16. can i book that one?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need it booked for 3 people. I'll also need the reference number, please.|Okay, I've book you for 3 people on Sunday. You reference number is 4W6OGHUA. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|I have 12 options available that match your request.  What price range would you like?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should have a star of 4.|what about hamilton lodge? its lovely
Sure, thanks! Will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 5 nights, starting Sunday?|your reference # D4Z2BO28 anything else?
That is all. Thank you!|Thank you very much! I hope you have a great trip! Goodbye.
I really would like to try a japanese restaurant while in Cambridge.|Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant on 36 Saint Andres Street. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'd like to treat myself.  Is this in the expensive range?|It is expensive. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, if this restaurant is in the Centre. I also need the postcode and phone number please.|Of course. The phone is 01223462354 and the post code is cb23ar. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need a hotel in the cheap price range.|I have located 2 hotel options, Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai, both have internet and parking available. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes I would like a room  for 3 nights please.|Sure, when would you like to stay?
The hotel I need should be in the same area as the restaurant and include free wifi.|It is in the same area, and does have wifi.  When would you like your stay to begin?
I would like my stay to begin on Tuesday.|I apologize, but the hotel isn't available for that amount of time. Please book another day or a shorter stay.
Can you try to book the hotel for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights?|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Is there an alternative date you would like to try?
All right, can you try for just 1 night instead?|I was able to book a stay for 1 night, Tuesday at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Your Reference number is : IUP56OAY. Can I help ypu with anything else?
That's all I need thanks.|Have a great day!
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town|I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.|There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks|i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?|No but would you like to try another location ?
Just something in the north, 4 star and free wifi?|Okay, there are 8 guesthouse listings fitting your requirements. What pricerange are you looking for, may I ask?
Do you have anything moderately priced? I need it for 6 people, for 3 nights, starting monday.|They're all moderately priced. I recommend the Avalon.
Sounds great.  Can you book it and provide me a reference number please?|I  am not successful with this booking. Do you want to modify the days ?
No, I will need to keep the days the same.|Your all set at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your ref number is 593EOJ4K, is there anything else today?
I need to check on a train leaving cambridge.|Can you give me what time you want to leave at? There are multiple trains leaving Cambridge.
The train should leave after 08:45 and should leave on tuesday.|And what is your destination?
I will be leaving from cambridge and arrive at leicester on tuesday.|The earliest train we have leaving is at 9:00. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.|How many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need 6 train tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station
Great!! Can I get the reference number?|Your reference number is KWH3J4WG. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thanks for your help.|You are welcome,have a good day.
I want to find a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.|There are 11 different hotels to choose from. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I prefer a hotel near the main street. I want a hotel that includes free wifi|Do you mean in the center of town?
Actually, location doesn't really matter, so long as it's moderately priced, 4 star, and offers wifi.|Carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately priced four star guesthouse with wifi and parking, in the east area. Would you care to make a reservation?
Sounds good. Starting Monday, please, for 3 people, 3 nights.|I'm sorry, there are no rooms available at that time. Would you like a different day or shorter stay?
I suppose one night wold be fine as long as we can get a reservation for 3  people.|I have a few rooms, could you tell me the area of town you would prefer?
It doesn't matter.|I was able to get you a room for 3 people for 1 night, starting Monday, at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is GXTSRBY0.
That is all. Thank you.|Thank you.  We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.
i am looking for information in Cambridge.|I can certainly help you with that! What do you want to know?
I'd like to stay at a guesthouse that offers free wifi.|Do you have a price range or area preference? Because if not, how about a and b guest house	located in the east and moderately priced.
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a great place. Do you need a reservation?
yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.|Acorn Guest House would be perfect for your needs.
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.|Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.|The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?|Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?|Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
I am looking for a place that has multiple sports in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions?|So sorry we have no multiple sports in the centre of town.
How about a college in the centre of town?|Yes, there are a few.  I personally like Downing College on Regent Street.  It is free.
That sounds good, I need the address, phone number and postcode.|The address is regent street postcode cb21dq and the phone is 01223334860.
Great, that's helpful, thanks. Can you also help us find a hotel? We'd like to stay on the west side, and we really dislike guesthouses. What can you recommend?|We have two hotels on the westside, the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott. Which would you like?
I would prefer the cheaper one. Can you tell me if they offer free parking?|Yes they do have free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you at the Belfry?
I'm not quite sure yet, could I get the address there please?|The address is back lane, cambourne. Can I get you anything else?
Yes, I need you to go ahead and book that for me. I would like to stay for two nights starting on Sunday.|Will it just be you staying or do I need to book other guests as well?
Actually, just send me the address. Thank you.|the cambridge belfry is on back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Their phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is everything I needed.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay
I am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.|I have 5 hotels in Cambridge that match your request. Is there a particular area of town you are interested in? East? Centre? west? south?
Any area should be fine. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|Ok.  All five hotels have both free parking and wifi.  How does the university arms hotel sound?
It sounds expensive. Can I have the phone number and area please?|It is in the centre are and the phone number is 0122351241. May I help you with anything else today?
I also want to go to an attraction in the center part of town.|How about The Man on the Moon? It's a concerthall.
That sounds great. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|Phone number is 01223474144, and postcode is cb12lf
Thank you. I am looking to get a taxi to commute between the two places.|That should be easy, I just need a time and which place you will be leaving from.
I want to leave Man on the Moon at 24:30 and go to the University Arms Hotel.|I have booked you a white Lexus that will arrive by 24:30. The contact number for your driver is 07122328188. Anything else for you today?
That's all for me, thank you for your help.|I'm glad I could be of help.
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.|Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.|Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.|The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
Thanks for the booking. I also am looking for a guesthouse with free internet for all of us.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is available in the north area.  It's a moderate price range and has free internet.  How many days will you be staying?
We will be staying for five days.|And which night would you like to start your stay?
One moment. I am looking for 2 stars. Does Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have two stars?|It has 4 stars, should I book that for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.|Which day of the week is the start of your stay, please?
Is it available starting Thursday?|I just need to confirm before I book this hotel, do you want a 4-star hotel or 2-star hotel? Or does it matter?
Four star please  same group of people starting Thursday I need a ref number too please.|Your room is booked (Ref#QN4WVXJJ). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all today. Thanks!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet|There are many guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I'm looking for something that would be in the middle price point.|I have located 15 guesthouse types in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
Maybe the south?|We have two in the south, a 4 star and a 3 star.  Do you have a preference?
I don't care about that.|How about the bridge guest house?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes the bridge guest house has free wifi. Can I book it for you?
Yes. There will be six of us staying for two nights.|What day did you want to check in?
We are actually checking in starting on Tuesday.|I was able to book the Bridge Guest House for 6 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can i have a reference number please?|Of course.  Reference number COIMDB7B.  Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need for today. Thank you!|Thank you as well, let us know if you need help with anything else.
Hello! I am looking for a play stay, I would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the north|I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive hotel in the north area, would you like to try a different area or price range?
Are you sure there is no place to stay that is expensive and in the north?|Yes, I just double checked for you. There are some in the moderate price range if you're interested?
Yes please. An expensive hotel in the north with free parking and free internet. Can you book the room for me please?|I'm showing several guesthouses and two hotels in the north area and all have internet and parking.  Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel, please. For 4 people and 4 nights.|I have 2 options here. May I suggest ashley hotel? Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Book it please!  Can you also provide a reference number?  thanks!|Yes, but I need the day that you will be arriving first.
Please book for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|I was able to book you, your reference number is HOR1CR41.  Any other questions today?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
Greetings! I need a cheap hotel to stay the night in, could you help me?|I certainly can. I have about 10 available. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I would prefer a 0 star rating in the centre of town|The El Shaddai is a guesthouse with 0 stars in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, as long as it falls in the cheap price range, please.|Is it for just yourself? For how long and on what day?
The reservation should be for 8 people for 5 nights starting Sunday. Thank you.|I was unable to book that for you. Perhaps we can try another day or a shorter stay?
How about just one night?|I have you down for one night.  Your reference number is NF64LM1Z.  Anything else?
That's all I need right now, thanks.|Have a great day!
Would you be able to recommend a museum?|Broughton house gallery	is available, would you like to try that?
That sounds interesting, what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is moderately priced.|We have 2 hotels and 12 guesthouses across town that fit your price and have parking. Do you prefer a specific type of place or area of town?
The area doesn't matter I prefer a guesthouse. Any one you recommend will be fine.|There are still quite a few guesthouses to consider. I suggest the archway house which is 4 stars. It's in the north of the city.
then book for 1 people and 4 nights starting monday. give me reference number|Booking was successful. Your reference number is G2FVVFV7. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That will be all! Thank you so much!|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I'm planning a visit to the south of Cambridge and am looking for a bed and breakfast.|Rosa's bed and breakfast on 53 roseford road is inexpensive and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it a type of guesthouse and is it in the south?|rosa's bed and breakfast
That sounds good. Can you book it for 3 people to stay 5 nights on tuesday?|Yes, sir, we have the booking all completed for you.  That was Five days starting Tuesday, for three people.  Is that correct?
Yes, but I do need the reference number, please. I'm also looking for a sri lankan restaurant in the south.|The reference number is 7AAVA5YO
Thank you for the reference number, how about the sri lankan restaurant in the south? Any luck finding one?|I'm sorry there are no results for a sri lankan restaurant in the south. Would you like to change some criteria, such as area or cuisine?
yes I found it and it was great|I apologize but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in south Cambridge. Would like to explore another area?
Nah, I'd like to stay in the same area as the hotel. Let's try a Portuguese restaurant instead.|You're in luck. We do indeed have a Portuguese restaurant in that area. The name is Nandos. Would you like a reservation?
No but could I get the postcode, address and phone number please?|Absolutely.  The postcode is cb17dy, the address is at Cambridge Leisure Park in Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223327908.
Can I also get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I'd like to leave the hotel by 5:30, please.|Yes I got you a taxi. It is a grey Volkswagen whose contact number is 07956461934.
Sounds great.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
I need a train to stevenage on saturday.|The earliest train on Saturday leaves at 5:21.  When would you like to depart?
Much later, I can't leave any earlier than 16:15.|How about a 17:21 that will arrive by 18:10?
Ok can you book it for me with a confirm number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MQ8762HX
Great, can you help me find an expensive 2 star hotel that has free wifi?|I would recommend Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge on the east side.
That sounds great.  Can you book a room for me?|Sure,  i can help you with that. What day will you arrive and for how many days will you be staying?
I will get there thursday and stay for 2 nights. I am the only guest staying.|Would you like me to book the room for you?
Yes please, for 1 person, 2 nights starting Thursday.|Unfortunately, this will not let me book at this time.
Is a 1 night stay available?|Your booking at express by holiday inn cambridge was successful for 3 days 2 nights arriving in Thursday for a party of 1. Would you like your reference number?
I need the reference number to confirm my booking at the hotel. You should've provided that to me.|Reference number is : 9ZTP686K.  Do you require any further assistance?
That will be all. Thanks.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a hotel called limehouse and tell me a little about it?|It looks like it is in the North and in the moderate price range.
I would like to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. I also need the reference number.|I was able to successfully book this for you. Your reference number is 9BUA0SL0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd also like a train leaving after 14:15 on Friday.|where will you be departing from?
I need to go from Cambridge to Broxbourne.|i have several trains available. TR9351 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01. Shall I book you a seat?
Yes, please.  I'll need 7 seats.|I was able to successfully book your train tickets. Your reference number is 2463KQEG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I needed help with. Thank you.|Your Welcome have a wonderful day.
Hello, I'm looking for information on a hotel called Hobsons House.|Hobsons House is a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the west. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes I need accommodations for 8 people for 3 nights starting from Sunday.  I will also need a reference number once the arrangements are made.|Okay. Your reservation for 8 people, staying 3 nights, starting on Sunday at Hobson House was successful. The reference number is QGI4OAH5. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train.|Where would you like the train for and when did you want to travel?
I need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.|Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at the airport by 13:15.  Can I get a departure time and also the travel time for a train?  Thanks!|TR1610	leaves at 5:40 and is a 28 minute trip. Shall I book it?
not now. thanks for the information|Do you need anything else?
I'm good, that's all I needed, Thanks!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel called the leverton house.|May I suggest the guesthouse called the Leverton House.
Yes, that is the one I wanted. Could I book a four night stay starting on Saturday?|How many people will be staying?
There will be a total of 8 of us.|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have rooms available. Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Sure.  You can try something different as long as it is in the same price range as Leverton House.|I was able to book allenbell, reference number is KZBURD59.
Thank you! good bye.|Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|There is a guesthouse in the north of town in the moderate price range.
It should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.|The Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre of town and the Allenbell on the east side of town.  Which guesthouse would you like to book?
Alexander is fine. I need to book for 8 people. We'll arrive Wednesday and stay 5 nights. I'll also need the reference number, please.|Great, your reservation is booked at the Alexander, your reference number is Z8BRHTV8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|Great what is your departure city and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is peterborough. I'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.|Awesome. We have the TR9969 that leaves at 19:19. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, may I have the reference number?|Of course. I just want to confirm before booking. That was for all 8 people correct?
Yes it was, thank you.|Your train, TR9969, traveling from peterborough to cambridge on wednesday from 19:19 through 20:09 has been booked. The total for 8 people is 132 GBP and your reference number is JHCT9HJU.
Thank you that's all that I needed today|You are welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I'm trying to find more information on a particular hotel called the Alexander bed and breakfast.|it is located at 56 saint barnabas road. you can call them on 01223525725
i want  to book it for 2 people and two nights starting monday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KCD8Q2CX.
Thanks. That's just what I needed.|great, is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located on the west side.|Is there a certain type of food you would like?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?|I would recommend Saigon City. It is expensive but a great Asian oriental restaurant located on the north side of Cambridge. Do you want more information?
That sound great. Can you book it for us for 18:00 on Monday?|Your table is booked! The reference number is CGWD9SO1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all.|have a wonderful trip!
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you find me one?|There are several what area would you like to eat at?
Yes, I'd like to eat in the centre if possible.|There are 2 curry garden and the golden curry. would you like to book either one?
Could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the Golden curry?|Sure the phone number is 01223329432 and the postal code is cb12az
Thanks.  Can you help me find a hotel as well?  I don't need internet, but I do need free parking.|I'm sorry,  there are no hotels that meet your needs. Do you have any other criteria?
I'd like it to be 3 stars and in the same price range as the restaurant.|I'm still not finding anything. What part of town would you like to look in?
I would prefer something in the Cambridge area or close to it.|I can book the curry garden for you.
That's ok, I just need the postcode and phone number.|There are two hotels I can find, one called the Gonville Hotel which is in the centre. The telephone is 01223366611 and the postcode is CB11LY.
can i get a contact number and car type please?|Sure, where will you be traveling to and from? Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 08:00|I've got a Red Audi, contact number 07611734774 leaving at 08:00.
Thank you, that's everything that I need.|Great! Have a nice trip!
I need a place to eat? How about some place in the centre of the town and in moderate price range?|Is there a type of food you are interested in having?
yes british food|There are 4 places that would suit your needs. Could I recommend, Restaurant One Seven? It's very popular this time of year.
sure, can you reserve a table for friday for me?|Sure.  What time would you like the table for?
12:45, Friday. 7 people. Reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 0DSRHJ06.
Perfect. I am also looking to stay at the finches bed and breakfast. Can you tell me about it?|it is a cheap 4 star guest house in the west. can we book?
Can you book it for 7 people for 2 nights on friday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 09NIQSM0.is there anything else i can do for you?
Yes, please. I'm going to need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|what time do you want to leave
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 12:45. I also need the contact number and car type please.|look out for a	yellow skoda with contact number 07860378071
Thank you, that'll be all today.|Please call again if we can assist you in any way. Have a great day. Goodbye!
Can you let me know if Cambridge has any restaurants that serve Australian cuisine and are priced expensively?|No, I'm sorry there aren't any.
Not even in the centre of town?|Sorry, not even in Centre. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like to try?
Sure, let's try Mediterranean, please?|shiraz restaurant and la mimosa are both in the center and seem to match your needs. Do you need a reservation?
No but what is the address and phone number?|Sure.  The address and phone number for La Mimosa is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton/01223362525 and for Shiraz restaurant it is 84 Regent Street City Centre/01223307581.
Thanks.  I also need to get a hotel with free wifi.|I have 3 options available with free wifi in the centre of town.  What is the price you are looking for?  I have expensive to moderate available.
Same price range as the restaurant please.|The University Arms Hotel is in the centre and expensive, with WiFi. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it for Friday, 3 nights, and 3 people, please?|Which days would you like to stay?
friday if possible. let me get reference number|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is 1RIY72MY.
great, that's all i need thanks|You're very welcome. Will you be needing a taxi?
No, my friends have a car.|If you need any further assistance, please contact us.
I'm looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the west part of town.|How about the Hobsons House?
Is that a guesthouse? I like the guesthouse style, and I also need something that's moderately priced.|Yes it is a moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not yet.  Can I have the address there though?|Sure, it is 96 Barton Road.
Can I also get the postcode? And do they have free parking?|They have free parking. Postcode is cb39lh. Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thanks!|Alright. You're all set. Enjoy!
I'm planning your trip in Cambridge.i'm looking for a place to dine in the east with chinese food|How about yu garden?
That sounds good! I would like to make a reservation for 2 at 13:15 on friday.|Yes I have made that for you and your reservation number is YWN5SM9V.
Awesome!  Thank you, could you give me their address?|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Recommendations for guesthouses to stay without free parking?|How about archway house? I hear it's lovely.
I can try it, can you book it for me?|I would be happy to. Let me get some additional information.  When would you like to check in?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks, good bye.|It was a pleasure to help you today. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge|I have a number of 4 star guesthouses available, would you like to book one in a particular area?
Not really. Could you suggest one with free parking?|Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House in the north?
Sure.  Can we spend 5 nights starting on Sunday?  I am going to need room for 7 people.|Reference number is 29IN9CT3 for the acorn guesthouse.
I would also like to eat somewhere cheap in the middle of town.|I suggest the dojo noodle bar, an asian oriental restaurant, would you like to make a reservation?
do you have one the is portuguese food ?|There is. How does Nandos City Centre sound?
Sounds great if it is portuguese. I'll take a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 for the same day.|You're all set. Your reference number is 6R5W1RRE and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!|Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you! Bye!
Hello I'm looking for the shanghai family restaurant.|Yes I got it, what can I do for you sir?
Can you tell me the postcode?|The postcode is cb11dg.
Great I am also looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating that has free parking.|Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
The area doesn't really matter, but I would like something cheap.|I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to change your requirements?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel?|I have at least 8 hotels that might suit you. They all have internet, a 4 star rating and are in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for what part of town you stay in?
Yes I would like to stay on the east side of town.|I have both the Autumn House and the Allenbell. They are both guesthouses on the east side of town with a 4 star rating. Should i book one for you?
The Allenbell is fine. Could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on Tuesday, for 4 nights? I also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AVPKTYBJ.
I will als require a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 21:15. Can you provide he contact number and the type of car please.|What is your destination?
I don't have a particular destination for my taxi.|I'm sorry, but I cannot provide you information on the taxi without knowing your destination.
I need to get from the allenbell hotel to the shanghai family restaurant, please.|I have confirmed your taxi departing from allenbell at 21:15 to shanghai family restaurant. The contact number is 07779063338.  Is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes, I also need the car type.  Thank You|The booked Car type is a Red Toyota.
Thank you so much for all of your help, have a great day!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I want to find a guesthouse in the south area of Cambridge.|I found a few different options, ranging from cheap to moderate. What is your price range?
Expensive. Thank you.|I do not have an expensive guesthouse in the South.  Would you like to try a different area of town?
Yes, try the north please.|I would suggest avalon. Do you need me to book this?
actually, i still want a place in the south. maybe try a moderate price range.|Bridge guest house is a nice place would you like me to book it for you ?
Do they have free parking?|they have free parking. Shall i book it ?
I'm not quite ready to make a reservation, but can you tell me their postcode and phone number so I can ring them later if I change my mind?|Sure, you can call 01223247942 to reach them and they are found in postcode cb28rj
Great! I am looking for a place to swim, could you find one?|I have a few but there's one located in the centre area. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I have the postcode, entrance fee, and address?|Parkside pools is located in the centre, postcode cb11ly. The address is gonville place. There is no entrance fee information listed. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to pick me up from the swimming pool and hotel.|I will need a time to be picked up or a time you want to leave before I can book a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel at 01:30.|A black Toyota will pick you up at 11:30. Contact number is 07156228714. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thank you, that will be all! have a good day!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hello! I was hoping you could help me find a 0-star place with free wifi.|There are 3 hotels that meet your search. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced hotel?
I would like a moderate priced hotel please.|How about Cityroomz, the don't have free parking though.
Parking is not important. Can you book Cityroomz for three people staying 2 nights starting Friday.|There is no rooms available for two nights.  Would you like to shorten your stay or try one of the other 2 hotels?
How about one night?|Yes that worked! You are booked into the hotel for one night and your reference number is UOW30ZYV.
Thank you for that! I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge from Leicester. Can you help me with that?|Certainly, there are trains from Cambridge to Leicester every hour at 21 past the hour from 05:21 to 23:21.  Do you have a date or time in mind?
I need one that arrives in Cambridge by 8:45 on Friday.|I have the TR2293 leaving cambridge at  6:21 and arriving at 8:06. Would you like me to book that one for you.
Yes please I need that for 3 people please|Your reservation is all set, reference number 8BIYBUOJ
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
i'm looking for a place to stay that includes internet and free parking|What area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north, would you like to stay there?
that sounds great.|Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
Can you give me the price range, postcode and hotel type?|It is a guesthouse that is moderately priced the post code is cb42je.
Perfect! Thanks. Can you also help me find info for a train to Stevenage?|Yes of course. What day will you travel?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|And what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave from Cambridge after 14:#0|I'm sorry it looks like there was a typo in the time you'd like to depart, could you confirm your departure time again please?
Sorry, I want to leave after 14:30. Please let me know the time of arrival and travel time.|train with ID TR9765 leaves at 23:21 and arrives at 24:10. is that fine with you?
That sounds good - what's the total travel time?|The total travel time is 49 minutes and the price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like it booked?
No thanks, just gathering info, I am all set for now.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That is all for today. Thanks.|thanks you too
i will surely visit you henever i need your services|Have a great visit. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. I needs to have moderately priced rooms and reside somewhere in the east part of town.|There are 3 places that fit your needs. A and B Guest House, Carolina Bed and Breakfast and Warkworth House. Would you like to book with any of these?
Do any of those places have free wifi?|All three have WiFi. Can I book one for you?
Do all of them have free parking as well?|Both Warkworth House and Carolina Bed and Breakfast have parking available. Shall I make a booking?
Can you please book a one bedroom at Warkwoth house and I also am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the same area.|What date, number of days, and number of people would you like to book at Warkworth house?
One person on Sunday at 17:00 please.|Before we make your restaurant reservation, let's take care of the hotel. What day are you arriving, how many nights are you staying, and how many people?
It's just me. I am arriving Sunday and staying one night. Can you provide the phone number for the restaurant?|The number for Rajmahal is 01223244955.
I apologize. I seem to be a bit ahead of myself today. What kind of hotel was the Warkworth house?|That was a guesthouse, all 3 options are guesthouses.
Is there one with free parking?|Yes, warkworth, has free parking!
Are there any Indian restaurants around that hotel?|Yes, there are 4 different Indian restaurants in that area.
Ok, of those 4 is there one that is moderate priced?|Curry Prince and Rajmahal are both moderately priced. Which one could you like?
The Rajmahal is fine. You said the phone number is 01223244955?|Yes, that's the correct number for the restaurant. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, you've been a great help.|My pleasure. Have a good day.
Thanks, you too.|You are welcome, goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay and it has to have at least a two star rating and free WiFi.|Okay, I found some options to fit your needs on the North side of town and on the east side. Do you have a preference for which area?
No, I'm going to have my car with me so I can get to any part of town. But now that I think of it, I'd like to have free parking.|I have three hotels meeting those requirements, two moderately priced and one expensive.
I would like one with a 2 star rating, if the moderately priced one is 2 stars I'd like to book it for 2 nights starting Thursday.|How many people would you like for that reservation?
I would like to book for 5 people, two nights starting Thursday, if that is not available then Tuesday and the reference number please.|Your booking is complete. Your reference number is BEJRBNDA. Do you need anything else?
i am also looking for a college to visit in town. do you have any suggestions?|I would suggest churchill college
That sounds interesting. What part of town is it in?|it's located in the west.
Can I get the phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223336233.
Great! I think I'll check it out. Thanks for your recommendation!|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I think that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|You are very welcome. Have a great afternoon.
I'm viviting Cambridge and would really love to do something while I am here on a boat. Are there any attractions like that?|There are four boat attractions to choose from. I recommend the Riverboat Georgina in the north. Would you like more information about it?
I would love more information, thanks!|Well, the phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Thanks. I'll also need a place to stay on my visit. Could you find me a 3 star hotel nearby?|Do you have a price range in mind?
No, I do not have a price range. Any price range will do.|There are two hotels fitting your requirements. Do you have a regional preference?
Yes, I do. North, please., and I would like a guest house.|Okay, the alpha-milton guest house and hamilton lodge are both in the north, and both have a moderate price. Do you have a preference?
Either will do.  Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.|Booking at thw Hamilton Lodge was successful. Your reference number is 3ZVBKBHN. Anything else?
No that is all, thank you.  Good bye.|You are welcome.
Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by 11:45?|Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.|I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you?
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?|That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel|There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.|Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?
I would love if it were a 2 star place. And a hotel if I can.|There are 2 hotels located in north. May I suggest the ashley hotel?
Perfect, I need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from Monday. If that fails try Thursday and I will need the reference number please.|Your reservation for 5 at Ashley Hotel this Monday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ZCPI0YPM. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Could you tell me where they are located?|It is in the east, postcode cb259aq,Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Anything else?
Hello, can you recommend any architecture that I could see in the Centre of town, please?|Definitely! All Saints Church is a great place to visit, and it's free!
Could I have the address and phone number?|Jesus lane and 01223452587. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the center of town please.|We have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse and university arms hotel, do you have an interest in either?
I would want something expensive that has free parking. Do either have those?|University Arms Hotel is both expensive and offers free parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Book for 2 people for 3 night starting Sunday.|Your stay at the University Arms Hotel has been booked for 3 nights starting Sunday, for 2 people. Your confirmation code is FU4Z3J7P.
Thank you, that will be all.|Your welcome, have a great day!
Hey I'm looking for a hotel that has free parking, can you find one?|Sure, there are quite a few hotels that offer parking. Any particular area or price range you looking for?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel I believe would be fine. Thank you.
Is the huntingdon marriott a hotel with free parking, expensive and a 0 star.If so, that would be great.|How many nights will you be staying and for how many people?
Two guests will be staying for 4 nights beginning on Monday.|I'm sorry I could not book you there. Could we try another hotel?
Yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.|I don not have anything in the same price range in the West. Would you like to try another part of town or different price range?
Yes one in the same price range.|I have an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like me to try to book you there?
Yes, if you could. That would be great.|That one was successful! Your reference number is 057SX3X0.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Let me know if you would my assistance. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay. It should have free wifi and free parking.|There are close to 30 to choose from. They are spread out throughout town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'd like to stay in the north part of town.|Do you have a preference for a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range. Can you help me make a booking somewhere that fits what I need or should I go elsewhere?|I can book you a room at the acorn guest house.  What day would you like to arrive and how long will you stay?
Does it have free wifi and parking?|Absolutely.  It is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.
Perfect. I'd like to book it from Thursday for 5 people. We'll be staying for 5 nights.|Excellent. Your booking was successful and the reference number is T4EPI1BI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I also need a train from cambridge to birmingham new street.|Sure, I have many I can help you choose from.  Can you tell me what day you'll be traveling?  It looks like this train will cost 75.10 pounds.
no I just need the departure time and the train id please|Yes, what day will you be traveling and I would be happy to help with that.
I will be traveling on monday.|What time on Monday would you need to arrive in birmingham new street?
I need it to arrive by 18:15.|Train ID#TR5435 departs Cambridge at 15:01and arrives at Birmingham new street at 17:44. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed today. You were very helpful, thank you!|Thank you. Let us know if you need further assistance.
I'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.|Yes I have 4 examples from cheap to moderately priced.
As long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter.  Can you recommend one?  I do prefer hotels though, not a fan of guestrooms.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that meets your criteria. I only have 2 guestrooms that fit your needs, but no hotels. Can I look for something else for you?
How about a 4 star rating instead?|The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel that has a cheap price. Will this work for you?
That might just work out. Can I have their phone number please?|Of course. Their number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book the room?
Yes please. I would also like a train to broxbourne if that is okay.|No problem, where would you like to depart from, and on which day?
I would like to leave after 18:30 on friday. I want to depart from cambridge.|I would like to suggest the TR0943 train. May I book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and provide me the reference number please.|Ok, you have 3 tickets for a total price of 53.7 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is BIY1ALL0. Anything else you need help with?
No, I think that's it, thank you so much!|Okay, thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for cheap lodgings.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an option. It is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
What's it's star rating?|It has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes. I need it for four people and five nights.|What day do you want that booking to start?
I need it to start Thursday night and once it is booked, can you send me the reference number?|You're all set! Your reference number is XZY6OUBQ. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I'll let you know if anything else comes up.|OK, have a great day. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of something you do need.
Where can I get some British food that isn't too cheap or expensive?|There are a total of 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Is there any particular location you are wanting such as the centre or west?
No, no particular location. What is the information for the first listing?|Restuarant one seven. The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223337766.
Great. Do you know of a high-end hotel I could stay at? It has to have free wifi.|The University Arms Hotel is an expensive place with free wifi, conveniently located very close to your restaurant. Would you like to book a room there?
I might be interested. First, is that a guesthouse style? I would love to stay in a guesthouse style with free parking!|Unfortunately no, it is not a guesthouse style lodging. There are none that fall into the expensive category, would you like me to search for something cheaper that is a guesthouse?
No, that's okay. Are there any hotels available in the moderate price range?|There are 12 guest houses that have free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. I would like a room for just me for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I'm sorry, all those guesthouses are book for that time frame, could you arrive another day or for a shorter stay?
Can we try 3 nights?|I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights. Your reference number is 25Y826UQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you help me reserve a taxi?|Sure, I can help you with that. Where is your departure site or destination? Perhaps you have a certain time in mind?
I'd like to go from the restaurant at 08:45 to the hotel. Can you let me know what kind of car and how to contact them?|Ok.  A grey lexus will pick you up at restaurant one seven at 08:45. The contact number is 07669997265.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's it.. thank you.|It is no problem. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre, we hope to see you again.
Can you help me book some train tickets?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.|You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?|Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse located in the centre|Ok, there are 2 guesthouses located in the centre of town. They are in the cheap price range. Would you like to book one?
Do they both include free parking?|Yes, they both have free parking.
How about internet? Can I get wifi for free?|Yes, they both have free wifi as well.
Thank you, that's all. Goodbye.|Not a problem. If you need more assistance, let me know.
I'm looking for a place to stay when I visit Cambridge. I want to stay at a 4 star guesthouse.|We have 18 available guesthouses.  Which area would you prefer?
I'd like some place on the north end, please.|There are 8 4-star guesthouses in north. Do you have a price preference?
I do not. I would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on Thursday.|Great! You're booked at Worth House with reference number 3HCUPL7S. Would you like more information?
Thank you!  Can you also help me with a train please?  I need a train departing cambridge on thursday.|There are 5 trains going to London Kings Cross on Thursday.  What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive 17:45.|TR5266 arrives by 15:51 if you'd like that one
What would be the price on that one?|The price is 23.60 pounds per ticket.
I actually need to arrive in leicester on Monday by 17:45 out of Cambridge. Sorry for the confusion.|I have train TR4564 departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would that be a good option for you, or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, could you please tell me the price for this train?|It is 37.80 pounds.
Wonderful. That's all I needed. Thank you!|Sure, would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book that today. Thanks for your help.|Anything else I can do for you?
Not today.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thank you very much.
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north please.|Absolutely. There are two hotels and a number of guesthouses in that area. Do you have a preference?
I'd like a moderately priced place that offers free parking and WiFi.|I have many to choose from do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel with these amenities?
I'd prefer a hotel.|We have two places, ashley hotel and lovell lodge, would you like more info on either of those?
I'd be interested in the Ashley Hotel. I would like places to go around the area that are multiple sports attractions.|There are no matches for multiple sports in the north, I can look up something else.  Also wanted to double check, do you still want info on ashley hotel?
How about you look for a type of boat.|There is the riverboat georgiana in that area. There is no entrance fee listed, but would you like the phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number. That sounds great!|Their phone number is 01223902091.
Thank you. That's all.|Thanks for using our service today. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.|There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by 15:30.|There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?|8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?|Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 10:30.|Where will you be traveling to?
I am traveling to Cambridge.|What day are you taking the train?
I am leaving on Friday. What is the cost please?|The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a place to stay.|There are plenty of options available to you. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, stars, or type?
I'd like a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Okay, great! Do you have a certain area in mind?
I have no preference for the area, but I would like something that includes free wifi and is in the expensive price range, please.|I'm sorry. There aren't any expensive guesthouses available for a reservation. Would you like me to check for a cheap or a moderately priced one?
Could you check to see if there are any expensive hotels then?|There is the Gonville Hotel in Centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book but would you give me the star rating for the Gonville Hotel plus the address and phone number.|3 stars, phone 	01223366611, address 	gonville place.
Wonderful. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm going to be in centre Cambridge and am looking for something to do.  Suggestions?|Yes I have many options. You could visit architecture, a museum, the theater or the cinema. Which do you prefer? There are also a lot of famous colleges to see.
How about a college?|There are thirteen colleges in central Cambridge. Corpus Christi, for example, is located at King's Parade. Trinity College is located at Trinity Street. Would you like more information?
I would like to see more information about Corpus Christi.|Of course.  It is located in the town centre, on King's Parade.  The cost is 2 pounds and you can call them at 01223338000.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would like the postcode for Corpus Christi too.|The postcode is cb21rh. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would also like to book a place to stay, please.|We have many different hotels. Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse if possible.|Of course! Are you looking for a certain part of town? How about amenities?
I would like for it to have free wifi.|We do not have any located in Centre Cambridge.  We do have 14 locations in the area that offer moderate pricing and internet.  Is there a better area?
Any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. Pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on Saturday for 2 people, please.|I've booked you a room at the lovely Avalon (ref#3OK8ZQ7U). Can I help with anything else today?
Actually, yes.  Can you book a taxi leaving Corpus Christi College by 24:15?|Booking completed! Please look out for a Black Audi. The contact number is 07752731336. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. You've been a lot of help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay|Do you have a specific area or price range you'd like?
a guesthouse would be nice, it should have free wifi and parking and expensive price range|I apologize but there are not any guesthouses that meet those criteria.  Would you like to try a hotel or perhaps a different price range?
Could you try one that is cheap?|I've got about 9 options that are cheap. To narrow it down, do you have a preference on the area of town you want to stay in?
Are any of those options that are cheap guesthouses?|Yes, they're all inexpensive guesthouses, though some are quite nicely rated, like Rosa's Bed and Breakfast with 4 stars.
That sounds nice, what area is that located in and what is their address?|Rosa's is located in the south area of town at 53 roseford road. Can I provide you with anything else?
I need a train to cambride.|There are several choices depending on what works for you. What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
Yes, the train should leave after 08:15 and depart from london kings cross on thursday.|Sorry, there are not trains  this hour. What other hour do you prefer to search?
There are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Thursday? It doesn't have to be 08:15 exactly.|I have TR8410 departing at 09:17 on Thursday.  Would you like me to book that for you?
What time does it arrive and how much will it cost?|TR8410 will arrive at 10:08 and the fare is 23.60 GBP per person.
Okay, thank you for that information. That is all I need for now.|You are very welcome! Call anytime for assistance and we will be happy to help you further.  Have a fantastic day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse|What area of town?
It should be in the west and have a star rating of 4.|how about finches bed and breakfast?
I'd like to book for 7 people 2 nights on saturday please|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FNAJHEWG.
Thank you for your help|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, there's nothing more.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
i am looking for a hotel in the south.|We have one place the lensfield hotel, would you like more information?
it should have a 4 stars rating|According to my records, there aren't any hotels that meet your requirements. Sorry! Would you like to try something else?
How about a guesthouse with 4 stars?|there is one cheap and one expensve. which one would you prefer?
Thank you! It does not matter to me.|aylesbray lodge guest house is moderate and in the south. would you like to book a room now?
Yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on Wednesday, and we'd like to stay 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PHDX0SZC. anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive Cuban place.|I'm sorry - we don't have any expensive cuban restaurants in the area. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Is there any cuban restaurants near the hotel in the moderate range?|No I apologize. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
Italian will be fine.|pizza hut cherry hinton is the only restaurant serving italian food in the south part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to book or more information
Could you book for my party at 15:15 on Wednesday?|For how many please ?
The reservation is for 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TP3B0YH5. Anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|No problem. I booked you a white bmw that will get you there by 15:15. The contact number is 07961694517.
Thank you so much for your help much appreciated.|welcome anytime you want to inquire
thank you very much|Thank you for trusting me to make the bookings for you.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.|There are 2 guesthouses and 3 hotels in the city centre, do you prefer one or the other, or are there any amenities that you'd like?
Yes, I would like it to have free wifi.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap.  Does that interest you?
Do they offer free wifi or free parking?|Yes to both.
Great. Please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Unfortunately that didn't work. Do you want to shorten your trip?
Sure, how about two nights?|I was able to book that hotel for you for 2 nights.  The reference number is 8LCNFKVO.
Thanks.  I'm also interested in going to the Chiquito restaurant bar.  Can you make a reservation there?|Sure what time and how many people?
For 5 people on Wednesday please. Could you also provide the reference number.|I will need a time before I can book.
It will be for 11:00 on the same day|I've booked it for you, your reference number is S7P7SXVN.
Could you also get me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?|A red ford car will arrive at 10:30 to pick you up at your hotel to take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07751377592.
Thank you for all of your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I am all set.  Good bye.|Glad to help. Goodbye!
I need to find a place to sleep on the east side, it doesnt matter is the parking is free or not.|There are 7. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or a hotel?
I think a guesthouse would be more personal.|I'd recommend the Autumn House. It's a guesthouse in the east. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks. I just need the price range, postcode and phone number.|The autumn house is a cheap guesthouse located in postcode cb58rs.  The phone number is: 01223575122.  Are you sure I can't help you with a reservation?
No thank you. Could you tell me about Russian restaurants in the east?|there are no russian restaurant in the east
are there any expensive restaurants?|Yes the are some in the East,what type of food do you like ?
I am a big fan of British food. Do you have an expensive one in the east?|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is a British restaurant in the East area, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for Monday at 12:00 for 4 people please.|I am unable to book you for that time. Would you like a different day?
Could you try Wednesday?|That isn't available either. Would like to try a different time of day?
How about 12:00?|Monday just became available so I booked it before someone else does. Let me know if that won't work for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CAMFOFY8
Great!! Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Awesome, thanks for your patience and thank you or visiting cambridge.
I am going to be staying in north cambridge and need a hotel, I can pay for parking.|Ashley hotel is available.
Oh, I have heard of that.  Is in in the North part of town?  I am looking for a place in the moderate price range also.|Yes is it moderate and in the North side of town. Would you like to book there?
Sure, that seems fine.|Ok.  What day would you like to book for?
Before you book, I just want to make sure--does it have a 4 star rating?|No, it is a two star hotel. Could you recheck and restate your perimeters to me?
How many stars, area, and price.|It's in the north, moderately priced and has a 2 star rating.
No, I'm sorry, I should have specified. I need a 4 star place to stay.|I'm sorry. I don't have anything that matches your preferences.
Are you sure? I need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, and I don't need free parking.|Again nothing, I could search again but doubt that a new hotel was constructed there during the last couple minutes.  Are you open to a guesthouse or different area?
I'm definitely open to a guesthouse.|do you need free internet?
Doesn't matter if it does to me.|We do have some. The acorn guest house is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
Well I would just need the postcode. Sorry for all the confusion !|The acorn guest house postcode is cb41da.
Thanks. Are there any cinemas around the guest house?|No there is not. Would you like me to check in a different area?
What about something to do with boats?|There is riverboat georgina would you like the address and phone number? The entrance fee isn't listed.
Great, I will also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 20:15. I will need the car type and contact number.|Okay I have booked you a taxi and your contact number is 07925606670 and they will be driving a black Toyota.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, you too.
I'm looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|We have no hotels with that criteria, but I can search for a 3-5 star hotel if you'd like.
The hotel should include free parking and should be in the east|Ok we have two guesthouses with that criteria, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and the Warkworth House.
I need a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday|I was able to book you at Warkworth House, the reference number is VTZK341T. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is perfect. Thank you very much.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
I am looking for a hotel located in Cambridge called the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.  Can you find some information on it?|Sure.  The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the west area.  It is a 4-star hotel with free internet and parking.  It is one of our expensive offerings.
Sound nice.  Can you book 2 nights for me starting Monday?  There are 8 of us.|This is actually a 4 Star Hotel. May i know how many rooms you will need for the 8 of you?
I will need 4 rooms for 2 nights. If the two nights doesn't work, then 1 night will work. Could I have the reference number of the booking?|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
i need a train out of cambridge after 17:30|I'd be happy to help. What is your destination?
I'd like to get to London King's Cross on Thursday.|The only option we have is the TR6595 which leaves at 19:00. Does thatwork for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Your reference number is STVHW0DA.
Can you locate a Starbucks Coffee near the train station in London King's Cross?|There is one 3 blocks from the station,is there anything else ?
I am also looking for a cheap place to stay that has wifi.|Ok.  There are 10 cheap places with wifi.  Were you looking for a certain part of town?
It doesn't matter, but I want it to be zero stars.|El Shaddai gets zero stars and so does the City Centre North B and B.
Which one of those is the cheapest?|It appears they about the same price.
Ok please book El Shaddai for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BV84E4XA. What else can I assist you with?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Have a wonderful day. If there is anything else just let me know.
I need a place  to stay in the north that includes free parking. What options are available?|I can help you with that.  Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced offering with 4-stars.  Is this something you would be interested in?
Yes, that is perfect thank you.|Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.|Here is the acorn guest house phone number in case you would like to contact them. Their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No. That is all for now.|Okay, have a great day!
Thank you, have a great day, as well.|Okay great, farewell!
i'm looking for good turkish food, and price is no object.|I have found three restaurants for you all in the center of town. The expensive restaurant is Meze Bar Restaurant. Do you want their address?
That's great. I'd like to book a table.|When would you like to dine and on what day and for how many people?
I think I will just take their address instead.|Meze Bar Restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else I can help you with or can I reserve you a table?
Thanks for the address. Can you find me a 2-star hotel in the same price range--expensive?|Express by holiday inn Cambridge is an expensive, two-star hotel. Do you want me to book the hotel?
Does it have free parking?|The Express by Holiday Inn offers parking, however I don't know if it's free.
Okay can you tell me what the postcode is for that?|The postcode is cb13lh. Will that be all for you?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. Can you please assist?|Which site will  you be departing from?
I need to leave the hotel by 09:45.|A black skoda is booked for you. The contact number is 07215076304. Anything else?
Thank you for your help.|Thank you and have a good time in our lovely city!
I am looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge in a moderate price range. Can you help?|Yes, there are several guest houses available, do you have a specific area you'd like to stay at?
No, I'm flexible on the area but I would really like them to offer both free parking and free wifi.|I would definitely recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for 7 people. We want to check in on Friday and stay for two nights.|I couldn't get you that length of stay at the Acorn. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different guesthouse?
How about 1 night?|They were able to accommodate you for one night. Your reference number is PG2V8WLA.
I also need a train leaving from norwich  arriving at in Cambride by 13:45|What day do you want to travel?
The same day as my hotel booking, please.|I am sorry but there are no trains available at that time.  Would you like to try another day or time?
Yes please.  Please recommend my best option. An earlier time would be fine.|We do have TR8151 that leaves Norwich at 12:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:35.  Would this work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Please book for the same day, Friday, and the same number of people, 7.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 09J2HO3T. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Thank you kind person for helping me!|Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Thanks for using our system!
I need a train after 20:00 on Tuesday, please.|There are more than 2800 trains that leave on Tuesday and arrive before 20:00. What are your departure and destination points?
Of course. I'd like to leave from Cambridge and head to London King's Cross.|TR5941 leaves at 21:00 and arrives at 21:51.  TR6595 leaves at 23:00 and arrives by 23:51.  Which do you prefer?
TR5941 is good. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Wait. I also need a place to stay.|Certainly! We have numbers of hotels. Any particular area or price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the east. And I only like to stay at 4-star rated places.|There are 6 four-star guesthouses in the east. Do you need free parking or Internet?
I would like free parking.|There are 5 options available to you meeting that critera.  Are you looking for a specific price range?
Something moderately priced would be best.|I have 2 that I can try booking for you. How many in your party and how long is your stay going to be?
I do not have that information at the moment.|Unfortunately I will need this information in order to book the room. Would like to call back at another time when you have that information?
Ok sorry I will call back when I have that information.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can I have the address and hotel type for one of hotels? I'd take whichever one that you recommend.|I have chosen the Warkworth House for you! It has parking along with internet capabilities. The address is 138 Perne Road.
Excellent. That's all I will need.|Great. Glad to help. Have a wonderful day!
Any chance you can direct me to where I can locate a cheap room for the night?|Sure, we have a lot of cheap places to stay. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
A guest house, with free parking, would be just the thing.|Might I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? They're cheaply priced, ranked 4 stars, and they do offer free parking.
That sounds perfect, actually. Can you book me a room on Thursday for 5 people for a 4 night stay?|That booking was successful, your reference number is D3Q7SAFM. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that gives me everything I need.|OK great.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Good Afternoon, I am looking for a place to stay on the east side in a guest house|There are 6 possible places that fit your request. Would you like more information or to add additional search preferences?
Can you see if any of them offer free parking?|5 of the guesthouses offer parking. What is your price range preference?
Honestly, any price range will do. Can you suggest one for me and help me with booking a room?|Absolutely. Can I suggest the Warkworth House at a moderate price range, or the Autumn House at a cheap price range. Do either of these interest you?
I would consider both.  I need to book for three people and 5 nights starting on Thursday.  Can either of them offer that?|I am having difficulty booking either of the. Can you find another day or time that would suit you?
I really need to stay during that time frame. Would you mind checking again?|OK, you're all booked for 3 nights at the Warkworth House, starting Thursday. Your reference number is AC1NVW47. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?|I sure can.  What type of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that's moderately priced.|That's great information, but so many options! Is there a part of town that you would like to stay or other amenities you would like to have while in town?
Something moderately priced, but a 4 star accommodation. And I would like free wifi too please.|There are 11 options which fit your requirements. What part of town do you prefer?
Preferably in the centre. Would like a reservation for 5 people, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday. Also looking for places to go in the centre as well.|There are no places to stay in Centre matching your request.  Would you like to try another part of town?
Sure, let us try the North.|I would either recommend Avalon or Limehouse.  Both are great guesthouses.  Which of those would you like me to book for you?
Let's go with the Avalon. Could you make it for 5 people for 5 nights? We want to arrive Wednesday.|Perfect I have  you booked at the Avalon for 5 nights and 5 people, the reference number is I3B3EKYI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go around town|Do you have a specific area or attraction type in mind?
I would like to be in the centre, please provide me with an entrance fee, a phone number and post code.|Please provide me with attraction type preference that you may have so that I can narrow down to a few choices.
I need it in the centre and you can make a suggestion.|Ruskin gallery is a museum in the centre of town and very popular. The entreance is free.
Please give me their phone number and postcode|The phone number is 01245493131 and post code is cb11pt.
Thank you very much. I think that is all the information I need today!|You are welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I need to book a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.|What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving on Tuesday, and would like to arrive by 8:30.|When would you like to depart Cambridge? I have multiple options that would have an arrival time prior to 8:30
Departure time is flexible, but mid-day would be nice.|There are 2 midday trains: TR6009 departs at 11:21 and TR0743 departs at 13:21.  Could I book one of these for you?
Yes please, the TR6009 sounds good.|Ok. I will book the TR6009 for you. How many tickets should I book?
Just one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7HK6895I. Can I assist you any further?
Yes.  I would like a guesthouse with free wifi, please.|Sounds good. I will be glad to take care of that for you.
Thanks! I need a 0-star place.|I found 2 places matching that, city centre north b and b, and el shaddai. Which would you like to book?
Can you tell me if either of these have free parking?|Yes, both the city centre north b and b, and el shaddai have free parking. Do you have a preference?
I don't care.|Alright. How many people are you booking for? What night will begin your stay, and how many night will you be staying?
I don't need rooms reserved at this time. That was actually all the information I need today. Thanks for your help.|It was my pleasure to help. You have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a place to stay in the north of town.|Sure, there are several guesthouses and a few hotels.  Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for a moderately priced place in the north side of town.|Do you need wifi or parking?
Yes, I'd like both free wifi and parking.|I have lots of options what price range?
i already told you. moderately priced.|The Archway House is a guesthouse that meets your criteria. It has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights starting monday.|I can make a reservation for you. Will you need anything else? How about a nice restaurant?
I need a reservation for Archway House, did you make it? I need the reference number, please.|I am sorry but my system is down at the moment so I cannot book it.  Here is the their phone # 01223575314 or we can try again later.
Do you know any other hotels that fit my criteria which you could contact at the moment?|I am unable  to find something else at this time, sorry.
Do you have any other suggestions?|Thank you for your patience, I was able to get the booking to go through this time.  The reference number is 29IYANNC
Is there any attraction in town near where I am staying?|There are a couple of swimming pools and a park near the guesthouse.
How much is the entrance fee?|I don't have entrance fee info for most of the attractions, but I do know that the Milton Country Park is free.
I am also going to need a ride between the two places please.|OK, where to and from and what time?
Archway House to Milton Country Park by 15 00|I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07362020310
Thank you so much!|You are welcome. Do you need further help with restaurants or trains?
No, all my questions were answered. Thank you much. Goodbye.|I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I need a cheap hotel.|I found ten results! What area of town would you like?
Hmm, I'm not sure. I am looking for a guesthouse type, though, and it doesn't need to have free parking.|I have 9 that matches your needs. Shall I recommend a nice one?
I would prefer one in the cheap range, a moderately priced one is fine if a cheap one isn't there.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a good option.
Does The Alexander have internet?|Yes, it does have internet! Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet, can I get the phone number?|Their number is 01223525725.
That's all. Thanks!|Thank you, good day to you.
Planning for  a trip in Cambridge.|Great!  I can help you with train information, if you need it.
I am looking to book a train to Broxbourne on Friday.|What time would you like to leave? The trains begin to leave at 05:01 and leave once an hour after that.
The train should depart from broxbourne and should leave on friday.|Is there a specific time when you need to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 13:30 please.|We have TR4848. It will depart Broxbourne at 11:32 and arrive at 12:32. The price is 17.90 pounds.
Great! That sounds perfect. I'm also looking for a hotel, nothing too shabby, no less than a 4 star hotel, please.|I have 3 options for you. All of them offer free parking and wifi. Two are located in the west, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
One in the west will be fine. I'll need it for Friday, 4 nights, and 2 people.|The huntingdon marriott hotel Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MD3ZB2FO.
Perfect! Thank you.|What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed.  Thank you very much!|I am glad to help have a nice stay
Thank you good bye.|you're welcome. thank you for using our system. goodbye.
I'm needing to find a train that goes to Cambridge. I want to arrive by 13:15.|I can certainly help you with that. What day are you traveling, and what is your departure station?
I need to leave from Leicester on Saturday.|The latest train to get you there in time would be train TR6210. It departs at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54. Would that work for you?
I think so, how much does that one cost per ticket?|The price is 30.24 pounds.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses in the east side of the city?|Yes, there are 6 guesthouses on the east side. Do you have a price range?
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse that includes free parking.|Sure the carolina bed and breakfast meets that criteria. Should we book a room?
Can you give me a price first?|I am sorry, I can't view that information at the time. But you can call them at 01223247015.
I will also need the postcode and the star rating of that guesthouse please.|The Carolina B&B is located in post code CB13NX, and has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's everything, I think. Thank you for all the help!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a four star place to stay.|I'd love to help you out there. What price range or area are you looking for?
Expensive would be good. And I prefer the west part of town.|The Huntington Marriott Hotel is located in the west part of town and is a 4 star rating.
Does it have free parking and what is the price rage?|It's in the expensive price range and yes, there is free parking there.
Could you give me the phone number for that hotel?|Their phone number is 01480446000. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to dine that is in the same area as the hotel?|Sure thing, here is a place saint johns chop house.
Is it an expensive restaurant? I'll need the address, postcode and phone number|I am sorry I was clearly misinformed. How about graffiti? They are in the west phone is 012232477977 & postcode is cb30lx.
May I have the address as well please?|Yes, their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Ok thank you. That's all I needed, bye now.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a particular hotel?|Of course.  Do you know the name of the hotel?
We should be able to help you locate a hotel that will fit your needs.|Thats good,but can I get the name of the  particular hotel you are looking for,please?
No.Just look up any 3 star hotel,please.|There are 33 hotels that are 3 star. Is there a particular part of the city?
Any will do as long as it's in the same price points. I need a reference number too please.|What is the price range you are looking to book in ?
what ever finches is listed at. I need the reference number after its booked please|Alright, How many people are staying, how many days do you want to stay, and what day to you want your stay to start?
I need it for 4 nights staring from Thursday for 6 people please.|I'm sorry I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.|Sure I was able to book you into the Cambridge Belfry and your reference number is 4MYONDFW.
Great. Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I will be in Cambridge soon and look forward to seeing at least one of your attractions.|We have so many wonderful attractions. Can you please tell me what area you would like to be in?
I am actually searching for one recommended by a friend. It's called the cherry hinton I believe.|We have three different attractions with cherry hinton.  I have the cherry hinton water play in the east.  Is that the one you were looking for?
It's name is called the cherry hinton village centre. Do you have that?|Yes I do have that attraction in my system. What information do you need in regard to it?
What kind of attraction is it and what are the entrance fees?|the cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports venue. I'm sorry but I don't have the entrance fee. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel. It should be rated two stars and have free wifi.|Okay.  I would recommend the Ashley Hotel in the North if you are looking for a two-star hotel.  Would this be acceptable or do you need another area?
Ashley hotel is fine. Can you book a room for me starting from Saturday for 3 nights for 3 people? I will need the reference number.|Your reference number is CP54UMZF.  Can I help you further today?
thats it, thanks so much!|Great to hear, you have a great day now!
I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel.|Can you tell me the name please ?
it is called avaion.|Avalon is a guesthouse in the north.  It has a moderate price range and four stars.  There is free wifi too.  Would you like the address?
Can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 4 nights, starting on Saturday?|I booked that for you and your reference number is 08BQQ5D1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much, are there any theatres in the centre of town?|There are 4 theatres in the centre. I would recommend the mumford theatre.
Could I get the address there please?|Yes their address is 62 Gilbert Road
Hi, I want a place to eat in the town centre.|Is there a specific price range or type of food you would like?
expensive and european food please ?|I would recommend Eraina, located on Free Lane City Centre.
Yes, I would like that choice. Can you book me a table for 5 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 65F65VJP.
Can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the bridge guest house?|I'd be happy to. It is a 3 star, moderate price range guesthouse located in the south part of town. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Sorry, which day was that for?
Saturday, please. Sorry, I don't know how I forgot that information!|Done! Your reference number is E8KMB5OZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi between the two places in time for the restaurant reservation.  (Though, oddly enough, you didn't even ask about that when you made the rez..)|Yes that is odd. What time did you need that booked for? It looks like it was booked with no day or time..
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time|what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave at 16:00 to ensure I make the restaurant on time.  Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07228054313
Can you please confirm that the restaurant is booked for Saturday at 17:00?|The booking was already done.
Okay, I'm all set then. Thank you so much.|You are most welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking information about a train in Cambridge.  Needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I will be going from Ely to Cambridge.|TR1537 will arrive at 19:52. Would you like a ticket on that train?
Not just yet.  Can I get the cost and departure time?|TR1537 will be leaving at 19:35 and the ticket is 4.40 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
Yes. I am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.|I'll be happy to assist you with finding a hotel. Would you like to get the train tickets first?
No, I don't need train tickets right now.|I have a Hamilton Lodge available in the north, with a 3 star rating.  It's moderately priced.  It's located at 156 Chesterton Road. Will this work for you?
Is it a guesthouse? I don't want to stay at a hotel.|Yes it is. Would you like me to book that for you.
I need a train from broxbourne|What day would you like to travel to Broxbourne?
I need to leave on Thursday.|Do you have time travel preference?
Yes, time travel would be fine. But I need to get to Cambridge by 11:45 at the latest.|My apologies about the confusion, it looks like the best option for you is the TR5979, which leaves at 10:32 and arrives at 11:32. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please book this for 8 people. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR5979, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : CNUS8VFV. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Will a guesthouse do, or are you only interested in a hotel?
Just a hotel, and it needs a three star raiting.|I've got the gonville hotel with a 3 star rating.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No thank you. I just need the price and the postcode please.|Certainly, the postcode for gonville hotel is cb11ly. the price range for the hotel is expensive, but I don't have the actual price.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|hobsons house looks good, it's got a 3 star rating and wifi. would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel. If so, could you get me the postcode and price range please.|Hobsons house is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb39lh. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
No, I'll book one when I get there. Thank you for your help!|I'm happy to have been of service. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I needed.|Okay then, you have a wonderful day!
I need to find a place to stay with four stars in a moderate price range.|I have 11 different options available. Did you have an area in mind for your stay?
No but I'd like it to include free wifi and be in some kind of guesthouse.|There are 11 hotels that match your search. Would the acorn guest house in the north work for you?
Possibly.  I'd like their address, and to know if they have free parking.|They do offer free parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road.
Great! Also, I need to take a train from ely on Sunday.|OK, and what time will you be traveling?
I need to arrive in cambridge by 20:00 please.|Alright, I have eight trains of that type. They leave 35 minutes after the hour every hour, starting at 5:35 and running until 19:35. Would you like to book?
Can you give me information on the one arriving in Cambridge closest to 20:00. I just need the train ID and price. Thanks|The closest arrival time is 19:52, the trainID is TR4883 and the cost is 3.52 pounds.
Great. Thank you very much for your help. That is all for today.|I'm happy to have assisted you! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.|I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?|There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?|No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
I would like to book a hotel.|There are 33 hotels to pick from, what type of hotel do you prefer and what area would you like to stay in?
The hotel should be rated 2 stars and should include frees parking.|I have two hotel meeting those criteria in the north and one in the east. Any preference?
should be in the expensive price range.|No problem. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the east. Phone 01223866800. Address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park cb13lh.
Can you book it for 2 people we can staying for 5 nights starting Monday?|You are booked.  Reference KCC745Y7.  You will have a great time I'm sure.  Anything else I can do for you?
No that takes care of it thank you|Before I let you go, do you need info on a restaurant, an attraction or travel arrangements?
Well, I supposed you could help me to find a place to go in town.|I sure can!  What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter. I am looking for a place to go in the West, please.|My recommendation is the Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 Magdalene Street. Admission is free.
Can you also find me a taxi?|Certainly.  Where do you want to depart from and at what time?
I need to get from the gallery to the hotel. I want to leave the gallery at 14:30.|No problem.  I was able to book a taxi for you.  It will be a red skoda and the contact number is  07170717673.  Is there anything else?
Thank you! That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for the adc theatre.|The ADC Theatre is located in the center of town, on Park Street. Would you like their phone number?
Sure, and may I have their exact address please?|Park Street, post code cb58as. Anything else?
I am also looking to stay in a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|In what area would you like it?
I don't care about the area but I would like to make sure it is a hotel.|The University Arms Hotel in the centre is very nice, or a more budget-friendly option is The Cambridge Belfry in the west. Would you like to book a room at one?
i want one that has a 4 star rating.|Both of them are 4 star hotels. The Cambridge Belfy has a cheap price range. The University Arms Hotel has an expensive price range. What is your preference?
Lets try Cambridge Belfy and book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: PLVGFKHD.
I want to book a taxi as well to leave my hotel at 21:15.|You have a red Volkswagen taxi with contact number 07430238661 bringing you from the hotel to adc theatre. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Okay have a good day!
I am visiting Cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet.|I have 17 entries that meet your needs. Can you tell me what area of town you wish to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north|There are 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? They're a 4 star guesthouse with free Internet and parking.
ok, that's fine. i want to book a room there.|What day do you need booked for and how many days will you be staying?
I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on saturday.|Great! How many people will be staying?
I need it for 2 people.|I have made the reservations for you the reference number is 2KS3IN63.
Great. I also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. Preferably an architecture attraction that I can visit nearby.|I'm not finding any architecture attractions in the north. Would you like a different type of attraction?
How about a swimmingpool?|How about jesus green outdoor pool? I hear it's lovely
May I have the phone number and postcode ?|post code cb43px, and you can call them at 01223302579.  Do you need further information?
Yes, I am going to need a ride there. Can you help me reserve a taxi?|Definitely I have arranged a Red Tesla to pick you up at 2:00. The contact number is 07682046722. Does that work for you?
It does Thank You have a good day.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great time.
I am looking for somewhere to stay in the east.|There are 7 hotels in the east. Do you have a price range or other needs to narrow them down?
Yes, I would like it to be cheap and a type of guesthouse.|I have three hotels that meet your needs.  Would you like more information on them?
Which one would be available to book 5 people for 5 nights starting this Monday?|I was able to book you in the Autumn House with reference number 8BCYNW35. May I help with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.|Let us know if we can help further. Good day.
i need a place to stay|Sure, do you have an area you want to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north.  I need free wifi.  I'd like to stay in a moderately priced guesthouse please.|How about kirkwood house? They are located at 172 chesterton road.
That should work. Can you reserve enough space for 8 people starting on Monday, for five nights?|Okay, your booking as complete! Your reference number is LQ3H9RZR. Can I be of any further help?
I would like to book a place to dine as well.|I can help with that. Is there a certain type of cuisine or price range you are interested in?
I do not have a preference on the type of food but it does need to be near the hotel.|There are 9 restaurants in the north. I recommend hakka.
Is hakka moderately priced?|Hakka is an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book it or locate a different restaurant?
I want somewhere in the same price range as my hotel actually. And I don't care about food type but I want to know what kind of food it is|There is The Nirala, a moderately priced restaurant at 7 Milton Road Chesterton.
Is that in the North area?|Yes it is in the North and it serves Indian food. I also found Golden Wok in the North serving Chinese food. Which would you prefer?
Can you suggest one, no wait, Chinese sounds wonderful! I love refried rice!|You will love the golden wok then, would you like more information or a booking?
No booking needed today. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for your help - goodbye!|You're welcome. I am happy you've enjoyed using our services. Bye for now.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food.|There are several that suit your needs. Any preferences on price range?
Moderate price range, please.|The 4 matching restaurants are "hotel du vin and bistro," "galleria," "de luca cucina and bar," and "riverside brasserie."
Perfect! Can you please book a table for 3 people at Galleria for me on Monday at 16:30?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or time slot? Or perhaps another of the restaurant choices for the same booking information?
Let's try for 15:30 and can I get a reference number please?|Ok. That worked. It is booked and your reference number is QBVP0ZV2.
Great! I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Something moderately priced, and I don't care about parking.|There are fourteen different options for your guesthouse. Is there a specific area you would like to be in? How about the star rating?
I don't have any preference. Could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 3 people beginning on Monday?|Let's go with acorn guest house. Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Want me to try something else?
Instead of 3 nights how about two nights?|There seems to be an error. Can you please restate your preferred number of nights, the day you'll arrive, and the number in your party?
Certainly. Two nights, three people, and I'll need that room starting Monday.|Great! Your booking was successful. The reference number is TWU9EM7U. Do you need help with anything else?
I don't. Thanks so much.|You're welcome!  You have a great day!
I would like to find a place with a swimmingpool in the north area of town.|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool matches your criteria. Will this suffice?
Yeah, what is the entrance fee for that?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel as well?|There are three 4-star hotels in town. Would you prefer the west or centre of town?
I want to stay in the north near the swimming pool. I'd like it to be a hotel and 4 stars with free wifi.|I'm afraid there isn't a hotel in the north end that meets your requirements. Perhaps a guesthouse instead? There's the acorn guest house there that does.
A guesthouse would be fine as long as it has free wifi.|The acorn guest house does have internet, I am not sure if that includes wifi.  Would you like me to book you a room there?
Can you tell me if they provide free parking?|The Acorn Guest House does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I would like to know their price range and address.|The acorn guesthouse is in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. Their address is 154 chesterton road, post code cb41da, and phone number: 01223353888.
Thanks for all the information!|You're very welcome. Have a good day!
I am looking for a hotel called Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.|There is an Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located at 5 Mowbray Road. Would you like me to provide you with any more information or help you book the hotel?
Great I am going to need that hotel for 7 people and two nights starting sunday|I'm sorry, I can't book at Aylesbray Lodge for 2 days. Would you like a shorter stay?
Yes, 1 night is fine.|Great, you're all set. Your reference number is WK3E72PX
Thank you. Good-bye.|thank you very much bye
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?|Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.|Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.|There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.|There are two options, Ashley hotel and Lovell lodge, both are two stars and moderately pricing, would you like me to check for bookings?
Are either of those in the north? it should have free parking too|They are both in the north, and have free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation at either of them?
Do either have free parking?|They both offer parking.
Is either one a guesthouse?|I am sorry but they are both hotels. Would you like a reservation?
May I have you check one more time to make sure there are not any moderate priced guesthouses in the north that include parking. I'd much rather stay in a guesthouse.|There must have been a glitch in my system. I am showing 7 moderately priced guesthouses in the north that have free parking. Are there any other amenities you require?
Can you please recommend one and book me a room for 6.|I would recommend Acorn Guest House. What day will you be arriving and how many nights would you like to stay?
it will be for wednesday for 6 people, 4 nights.|Okay, I have that booked for you. Reference number is WZYCQL4O
I need a place to dine as well, chinese food same area as the hotel.|Any price range preferred?
Same general price range as the hotel please.|I recommend the Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton.  Can I reserve a table for you?
No thanks, what's the postcode though?|The post code is cb43hl. Can I get you any other information?
Yes can you help with a taxi?|Certainly.  What will be you departure and arrival sites and times?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 19:15. I will need the contact number and car type as well.|I have you riding fancy in a blue honda, you can reach them at 07390748168. How else can I help?
.
That was all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?|I am sorry there are no 1 star hotels in any area,can I get a price range and area please?
Let me think about that. What are some good local restaurants?|There are over 100 restaurants in the city. Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
No, I don't. Surprise me!|Sure! Bedouin is african food located in the centre. Would that do?
Let me think about that. Can you help me book a 4 star hotel?|Yes I found 4 star hotel,do you want me to make reservation?
Do they have internet access and can you tell me their price range and postcode?|Yes, the University Arms Hotel has internet access. It is expensive, and its postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the cheap price range.|May I recommend the gandhi in the centre? It fits your criteria.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 5 at 12 on Thursday?|I'm sorry, they don't have tables available. Would you like to try another day or time?
Is there another restaurant in the area?|Kohinoor is in the centre and serves Indian food. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to reserve a table for 5 on Thursday at 12:00.|I'm sorry they are booked would you like to try another time?
Are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on Thursday at 12:00 in the centre? Would you double check that for me again?|I was able to book kohinoor, reference number is T8TBNX3R.
I would like to get a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.|What time would you like me to schedule the taxi for?
Arrival by the booked time at the restaurant.|Ok your all set! A yellow BMW will be picking you up a few minutes before your reservation at the restaurant. Contact number is 07785034458. Anything else?
No that will be all thank you|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.|I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking?|In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.|Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave around?
I would like to leave after 10:30.|TR7372 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at broxbourne by 12:01, would that train work for you?
Yes that will work. I need to book it for 2 people.|i have booked that for you. your reference number is xhrx4ig7.
Can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?|What type of food would you like?
I actually don't need a place to eat. Thank you, that is all.|To be clear do you need me to fine you a place to eat?
That is helpful.Thanks|I'm confused. Should I look for a restaurant?
No, I'm sorry. That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using this service good bye
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.|I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book.
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.|Both the Gonville and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.|I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.|Ok, have a great day!
I am looking for  a place to stay.|Sure.  Do you have a preference as to location, price, or amenities?
I would like free parking and wifi for sure.  Preferably on the west side with 4 stars, too.|I'd suggest Finches Bed and Breakfast.  It's a guesthouse in the west area with free internet and parking.
That sounds wonderful. Could you reserve our rooms? We'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on Sunday. I think we'll be staying 4 nights.|I have booked Finches Bed & Breakfast for you starting Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is H7WHFPQT. Is there anything I may assist with?
Thank you, yes, I'd like to also find a nice park to visit while I'm in town. Can you see if there is one near my hotel?|Unfortunately, I could not find a park in the west. Can I try a different area?
No, but can you try to find a museum in the west please?|Sure, I'd like to suggest the cafe jello gallery. Is that everything?
May I please get their address and phone number?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street and their phone number is 01223312112. What else can I do for you?
No, you've been so helpful. Thank you so much! Have a great night.|You're welcome, have a great day as well.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves south indian food.|I am sorry there are no restaurants in the are that match that description.
What kind of moderately-priced restaurants are there in the center of town, then?|We've got 21 moderately-priced restaurants in the centre. There are Asian Oriental, British, Chinese, European, Gastropub, International, Italian, Lebanese, Modern European, Spanish, and Turkish options. Do any of those interest you?
Good. I would like to try Asian Oriental then.|The Yippee noodle bar meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks.  How about a moderately priced modern European restaurant?|Hotel Du Vin and Bistro serves European food and is moderately priced. Does this sound good to you?
Yes, thank you. Will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on Saturday at 15:15 and provide me with the reference number?|Sure thing! Your table is booked, and your reference number is SQ8N4IJX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, could you find a hotel that offers free wifi in the same part of town as the restaurant?|There are 5 options that fit your criteria.  Do you have a price range in mind or any other specifications?
No. I just need it to be for three people, for three nights.|I am showing a total of five results that match your criteria.  May I suggest the four star Alexander Bed and Breakfast, located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Actually, I need it to be a hotel, not a bed and breakfast.|What about the Gonville Hotel? It is an expensive hotel in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 3 people on saturday?|Your booking is complete, reference number is AEDKGYBD. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a taxi that arrives at the booked time of the restaurant.|Alright, I have a cab booked for you from the Gonville Hotel arriving at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro by 15:15. Anything else I can do for you?
Could I please get the car type and contact number of the taxi?|The car is a black audi and the contact number is 07306125704. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all. You have been very helpful.|It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a certain hotel in Cambridge called the autumn house.|The Autumn House is located at 710 Newmarket Road. Would you like for me to book this for you?
Yes, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday for 1 guest please.|I was unable to book, could you please choose another day or pick a shorter stay.
How about 4 nights instead of 5?|Ok. I was able to book for 4 nights. Your reference is DTUFTTJP. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called Zizzi Cambridge.|Zizzi Cambridge serves Italian food and is cheap. The phone number is 01223365599, or should I book a table for you?
Can you please repeat the phone number and provide the address. Thank you.|The phone number is 01223365599 and zizzi cambridge is located at 47-53 Regent Street postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need right now. Thanks very much for your help!|Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I am trying to find the cityroomz hotel.|The cityrooms hotel is on station road and its phone number is 01223304050.   Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you. That is a hotel and not a guesthouse right?|Correct, it is a hotel. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you. Could you tell me if there is anything to do on the westside?|There are several attractions in the west, do you have a preference of type?
Anything is fine, thanks|The lynne strover gallery is always nice, and it is free. How does that sound?
Sounds great, can I get the address and phone number to that museum please?|Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I assist you in any other way today?
No that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Have a good day!
I am looking for place to stay in Cambridge. I would like a 4 star hotel that includes free parking, please.|I have many available. Did you have a specific area in mind?
I have no preference in area but I would like something in the cheap price range.|How about the Leverton House in the east?
Does it include free parking?  I need the address, phone, and hotel type.|It is a guesthouse with free parking located at 732-734 newmarket road. Phone number is 	01223292094. Should I book it for you?
Not right now. Can you look for a train for me. It should go to birmingham new street and arrive by 15:45.|I have several trains can you tell me what day  you plan to travel?
I'd like to travel on Sunday, please.|I have train TR6725 leaving at 5:01 and arriving 7:44 on sunday. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please. I'll be traveling alone this time.|OK, booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Z42S9C3R. Can I help you with anything else?
No that seems to be everything. Thank you.|Have a great day!
I would like to get information on the bridge guest house.|I can definitely help with that. It's moderately priced and is located in the south. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like help booking a room with them?
Thanks! I will book the hotel for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.|The booking was successful! Your reference number is 6NEWYJ6Y. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all for me today. Goodbye!|Okay.  Glad we could help!
Hi, I want to find out about cambridge book and print gallery please.|cambridge book and print gallery is a museum found in the Western part of the town. Their postcode is cb39ey.
Great! What is their phone number?|There phone number is 01223694264, they are located at 49 newnham road  and best thing is addmisson is free. Can I help you find anything else toay?
I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a place with 4 stars and free parking.|I have found 19 hotels. Is there a particular area of town and hotel star rating you are looking for? Also price range?
I'd like an expensive 4 star guesthouse if that is possible.|Acorn guest house is a good match. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Book it as soon as possible.|What day will you be staying there?
Wednesday for 3 nights and 6 people please.|Booking was unsuccessful.
kindly book another day or shorter stay.
Can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive guesthouse?|I have no expensive guesthouse's. Would you like to try a hotel or a different price range?
I was really wanting a guesthouse in the east with an expensive price range and include free parking.|I am showing nothing matching your request. Did you want to try another search?
Well, I preferred a guesthouse but since there are none, can you see if there are any hotels with my other specifications staying the same?|express by holiday inn cambridge	fits that description. can i book for you?
Yes please, 8 people for 5 nights starting thursday, and can I get the reference number?|Of course! Your confirmation number is : NA5IKOHZ. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's great! I need a train. It should leave after 20:45 from Birmingham New Street.|what day, monday or friday please? And how many tickets? And are you going to Cambridge?
Yes, I'm going to Cambridge and I need to leave on Thursday.|I have three trains.  Do you need to book some tickets?
Yes please.  And I need the reference number please.|I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Great, thanks so much|How many tickets will you need?
I will need eight tickets please.|Okay, let me work on booking that and I will be back with you shortly.
Thank you so much!|Okay, sorry about the wait. I have booked 8 tickets for train TR7324. It will leave 21:40 and costs 600.79 GBP. The reference number is 2I340EJN.
rad that's all i need now|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I was hoping that you could find a restaurant for me.|What type of food do you want?
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the center of town that serves Turkish food. Thanks.|There are 3 choices, 2 moderately priced and 1 expensive. Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one sounds good can you give me the address and phone number?  Can you also find me a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.|Anatolia, 30 Bridge Street cb21uj, phone number 01223362372. Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and has free wifii. Would you like a reservation?
Yes and I need the reference number thank you|I need a day that you will be arriving for the hotel reservation.
Nevermind, I won't be needing that reservation after all. Thank you!|No worries.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
May I please have the postcode, address, and hotel type?|Sure! It is a hotel and is located on Gonville Place with the postcode CB11LY.
Thank you so much.|You are very welcome. Are you sure there is nothing else I can assist you with today?
Thank you, I'll let you know if I need anything else.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I could sure use some help with my planning.  I am looking for a particular hotel.|Can you please tell me the name of the hotel you are looking for?
The name of the place is called a and b guest house.|a and b guest house located 124 tenison road is can i book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from Friday. Can you check availability?|I was able to book you for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.  Your reference number is BTA1MEE0.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some attractions in the West.|There is the cafe jello gallery, if you like museums, or churchill college.
Hmmm. Cafe Jello Gallery sounds interesting.  May I please get their address?|Their address is 124 tenison road.
I would like to go to a park in the south.|We have two park available sheep's green and llammas land park fen causeway, and wandlebury country park, both have free admission.
Could you get me the phone number to the Wandlebury country park?|Sure thing, 01223243830. Was there anything else I could assist with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is in the cheap price range. Can you find something?|There are a few different options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a four star hotel please.|There is one option: the cambridge belfry. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, book please and I need a reference number|Before I can book, I need to know the length of your stay, what day you'll arrive, and for how many people
It'll be 7 people and 3 nights beginning tuesday. Please remember to give me the reference number.|Unfortunately it is not allowing me to book hotels right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Is there any hotel available for you to book?|The cambridge belfry just became available. Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7SKSRY3S.
Will this work for you?
Yes, thank you! That will work.|Is there anything else I can help you along with?
No that will be all thanks so much for all of the help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a good time!
I'm looking for information on the People's Portrait Exhibition at Girton College.|The people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information about it?
Yes please. You said it was free, correct?|Yes that is correct it is FREE to enter the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College.
Ok thanks I also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a guesthouse, can you help me?|I have 6 different options. Do you have a preference for the price range?
I prefer to stay somewhere in the cheap price range, and it should include free parking.|I have 3 options left. I have the Allenbell, the Autumn House and the Leverton House. All offer free parking and free internet. Which would you prefer?
Pick one for me. I need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Ok, I booked you at the allenbell. The reference number is KLNF2GX0.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 22:30.|I have booked you a taxi leaving the attraction at 22:30 for the allenbell. It's a red ford, and your contact number is 07249911118. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. You've been great!|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a moderate price hotel in the north part of town.|I found 11 moderately priced hotels on the north side.  Is there a star rating you would prefer?  What about parking or internet?
I don't care about star rating so much, but it the hotel needs to include free wifi.|There are 10 hotels which match your requirements. Do you need parking?
Yes I need parking.|How about the acorn guest house? It has parking and wifi.
That will work. What is the phone number, address, and star rating for the hotel?|Sure, the phone number is 01223353888, the address is 154 Chesterton Road, and it has a 4 star rating.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel can you help me out?|How about the the nirala? They are moderate price range and are in the north.
Is there one that serves fusion food and if they don't, is there any that serve indian food?|I don't have fusion, but the nirala serves indian food in the north area, and is moderate priced.
That sounds good. I need a table for two at 16:00 on Thursday.|Okay, I have that booked for you, Thursday at 16:00 for two people. Here is your reference number: W7R9KEYJ. They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. Can you also help me find a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to my hotel?|I have booked a black honda for you that will arrive at 18:00. Please call 07851425026 if you need to adjust the pick up time. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I actually need to arrive by 16:00 at the restaurant so the 18:00 will not work.|Do you want to go from the restaurant to the hotel, or from the hotel to the restaurant? Your restaurant reservation is at 16:00.
From the hotel to the restaurant, please.|I have booked you a grey BMW from Acorn Guesthouse to Nirala in time for your reservation at 16:00.  Contact number is 00273193767.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great thank you very much that's all the info I need.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
I'd like to find a restaurant that offers Asian Oriental cuisine, in the centre, if possible.|Definitely! I have places from cheap to expensive, though my favorite is Yippee Noodle Bar, which is moderately-priced.
I would like Yippee.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for you.  What day/time will you be dining, and how many are in your party?
Monday, 19:00, for 6 people.|I have successfully reserved a table for your party of 6 at the Yippee Noodle Bar for Monday at 19:00. Your reference number is XSQHK9YG
Great, I also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.|Sure. We have several places ready to book. Which part of town would you like?
The west please.|There are 4 in that area do you have a price range or type of hotel you prefer?
The hotel doesn't need to include internet. It should be in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 different options for you. They vary in price range. Did you have a certain price range in mind?
The price does not matter.   Please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|OK, you are booked in Cityroomz as requested, the reference number is A1ZBLCZ3, any further questions?
no and thank you for your help|Ok, have a great day!
I need a place to stay please. A guesthouse would be great.|Acorn guest house has good ratings would you like to stay there?
Is it in the north? I need to be in the north area of the city.|Yes, Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guest house with free internet and free parking in the north part of town. Should I book it for you?
Yes, please book starting Thursday for 4 people and for 4 nights.|I'm sorry, there were no rooms available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Could you try another hotel in the same price range and, if you make a reservation, give me the reference number?|Will you be needing free parking?
I do not need free parking.|Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range, are you looking to book in that pricerange then?
Yes, that would be fine, moderate price range.|The Acorn is not available but I went ahead and booked the alpha-milton guest house. Your reference number is SJZ9ZJ8V.
Good. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Would you like to look into a hotel?
uhm, no. that's your job, weirdo. also, i need a train.|Where will you be travelling to?
I am going to Cambridge and arrive by 18:45. I need the train ID, travel time and departure time.|TR4748 deperts at 13:17 and arrives 14:08
thanks! what is the travel time?|The travel time for TR4748 is 51 minutes.
Ok, I do need a hotel after all. I need 3 stars and it should be moderately priced.|There are some lovely 3-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Which area would you like results for?
I don't have a preference. Why don't you pick one for me.|bridge guest house	 is a 3 star guesthouse in the south part of town with free parking and wifi. Can I book it for you?
Yes I would like to book that one.|Yes, please book that one.
I'm sorry, I don't need to book it at this time but could you please provide me the phone number to Bridge guesthouse? Thanks|01223247942. What other info may I provide about the Guest house?
Thank you. That is all that I need for today.|Have a great day.
Thanks you too! Bye!|You are very welcome.  Good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve modern american food and should be in the centre|I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants like that in the centre.
Do you have a similar restaurant that is close to centre?|I have the Gourmet Burger Kitchen, serving North American cuisine in the center of town.
Yes, I would like that.|Would you like me to book that for you? What day and time? How many people?
I'm sorry I misread that you said north american. If there's no modern american, then can you try italian instead?|Certainly. And you have 9 choices in Italian cuisine. Do you have a price range in mind?
Expensive italian will do.|I recommend the Caffe Uno.  They are located at 32 Bridge Street, Centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, I just need the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the north and same price range as the restaurant.|Unfortunately, I don't show anything in the north that is expensive. Can I try another area or price range for you?
Is there anything in the moderate price range?|Yes, there are several places that meet that criteria. Do you have star preference or any other criteria?
Yes I would prefer a 4 star and would like for it to have free parking.|I have several options in the north meeting those requirements. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I have no preference. What do you recommend?|acorn guest house	is my favourite.
What area is that in again?|It is located in the north. They are moderately priced. They are 4 star rated and offer free internet and parking. Do you need me to book a room?
get me their phone number and hotel type|They are a guesthouse and the phone number is  	01223353888.
Thank you very much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You too, enjoy your stay.
i need a place to stay|And what area would you like ?
No specific area but it needs to have 2 stars and area needs to be in the north. It also needs to include free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge both fit your description. Do you want information on these?
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.|OK, I booked you at the Ashley Hotel, ref# 0C98S6L6. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I would like to find a park to visit.|there are 5 parks. which side do you prefer?
I do not care I need the phone number and address|The sheep's green and lammas land park is at  fen causeway newnham road, Its phone number is 01223302580
That sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for all your help. I'm happy with your service. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for information about a hotel in Cambridge called Warkworth House.|Sure, Warkworth house is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the east that offers free wifi and parking. Do you need additional info?
Can you provide me with their phone number please?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I am looking for places to go while I'm there.  Perhaps a nightclub?|There are 6 nightclubs around town. Most are in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest the Ballare. They are on Heidelberg Garden, Lion Yard.
That sounds great! Thank you for the information.|Do you need anything else today?
I need a cab to commute between both places and I want to leave the hotel by 18:45, I also need the contact # & car type|Okay I will work on getting that for you and be back in a moment.
Great, thank you.|Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow lexus Contact number	:	07550893023
Can I help with anything else?
No thats it have a nice day !|You have a nice day. This is the end.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. Can you help me?|Yes, of course. What area will you be staying in?
I will be staying on the southend.|There are 4 places to stay in the south. Do you have any other specifications?
I want it to be expensive and include free parking.|The Lensfield fits all these criteria, would you like me to book it?
I actually want to stay in the East, with free parking.|Sure, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east with free parking. Would you like more information?
Can you go ahead and book me a room for 4 nights starting Friday? There will be a total of 6 people.|I managed to book your reservation successfully, Reference number is : FK4WK9O1. Thank you.
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the east part of town. Can you help me?|No problem. Do you have any preference?
I don't really have any preferences other than I want it to be in the same area as the hotel.|Okay, well I recommend Cambridge Artworks. It's a lovely museum.
Can you give me the address and postcode for Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode is cb13ef and the address is 5 greens road.
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.|Great, have a good one!
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north?|We have 11 guesthouses available in the area, what is your price range and what amenities would you like in the guesthouse?
It should include free parking.|how about acorn house?
Is it in the moderate range?|yes.its within the moderate range
What is the star rating of this guest house, address and phone number?|The star rating is 4. Their phone number is 01223353888. The address is 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.
Great, just gathering information for now. That's everything I needed, thanks.|Glad I was able to help. Thank you.
You're welcome.|Call us again, sir. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a 3 star place to stay that includes free parking.|I have five places that fit your requirements so far. What part of town would you like to be in and what is your pricerange?
I'm looking for something in the north. I don't care so much about the price, but I want it to be all inclusive, no charging extra for wifi.|Hamilton lodge is available, would that work for you?
does it have free wifi|Yes it does. May I book it for you?
That would be great. I need a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Thursday.|Alright, got your room booked. Your reference number is: 8XRZ12RV. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Kings Lynn on the same day as my hotel check in date.|I have 19 trains.  Where is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge and I should arrive by 20:00. Please book tickets for thursday for 4 people. I'll also need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FZ0XR4CR.
Great, that is all I need.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
I'm looking for specific restaurant.|Do you know the name of this restaurant?
The Hakka restaurant is located at 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire CB4 1JY.  The average cost is approximately 30 per person.|Looks like you're doing my job for me! Did you want to know about the Hakka Restaurant then?
Maybe.  Anyway.  I also need a place to stay in the south area.|I found a 4 star moderately priced aylesbray lodge guest house located in the south. Would you like me to book reservations.
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free wifi.|What is your price range?
My price range is moderate.|Fourteen good choices for you, what part of town would you prefer?
North area please.|that narrows it down to 8 options. any other preferences?
No, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 4 nights starting on Tuesday, if possible.|The Acorn guesthouse come highly recommended, shall I book a room for you there?
Yes, I need a booking for this tuesday please.|Great, I have booked a room at this hotel to your required specifications. Your booking was successful and your reference number is 468MRI75.
I would also like some Italian food in the area.|I'll be happy to help with that!  Da Vinci Pizzeria is located in the same area as the hotel.  Would you like to book a table?
I would like to be able to leave the restaurant by 13:00, can you book a table that allows us the time needed to eat.  I also need the address for the restaurant.|Do you want the reservations for 6 people on Tuesday? Also, does 11:30 sound good?
A reservation isn't necessary. Instead, please find me a taxi to get me there.|Where will the taxi be picking you up?
I want to leave the restaurant by 13:00 to go back to the hotel.|Great. I have booked your ride. The driver will be in a grey Honda. The contact number is 07036773772.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?|The cambridge belfry fits the bill, would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?|Yes, they do have free parking and they have 4 stars.
Did you have something that fits with 3 stars?|I hovw no listing for a 3 star hotel,would you like too try another area ?
What about a 4 star hotel?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range and is on the west side. They offer free Wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.|I am unable to book for Tuesday.
I would like to book for Thursday, not Tuesday.|I am sorry, I can't make that reservation either.
Is Monday available?|As it turns out, Thursday just opened up. I was able to book it for you, here is your reference number, UGU8T7UB.
Thanks!  Can you also help me find a college to visit in town?|There are 18 options.  Was there a part of town you would like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me?|I would recommend christ's college in Saint Andrew's street in the centre of town.
What is the entrance fee and postcode there?|Entry is free. The postcode is cb23bu. May I help with anything else?
Thank you so much. Good bye|Okay, goodbye and enjoy your time in town
Please help me find a guesthouse to stay in that has free wifi.|I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't care. I want a 5 star rating though.|I would need an area to narrow the search for you.
Any are would be fine. Can you just check if you have anything that's 5 star rated?|I do not have anything that meets that criteria.
How about one that is a 0 star?|I have two with a 0 star rating, one in the north and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
No, it doesn't matter. Thank you.|I recommend El Shaddai.  Can I get you information on it?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|You are booked with reference number 9N3UAJNA.  Anything else I can help with?
Thanks. I also need a train departing from Cambridge after 11:00.|There are many, would you be departing on Sunday?
4 people leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street on Friday, departing after 11:00. Please give me the travel and arrival time as well as the price.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 7LBIW6SB.
Thank you and please inform of the travel time and departure time.|You'll be leaving Cambridge at 11:59 on Friday, for a travel time of 88 minutes.
Okay. Thank you for al your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am all set.|Have a nice day.
I need to find a vietnamese restaurant in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches those criteria.  Is there something else I can find for you?
Can you try chinese?|I have four choices for Chinese restaurants. Three are in the center of town and one is in the north. Any preference?
I'm a pathological liar. I don't want Chinese. I actually want British food.|All righty, then. We have five moderately priced British restaurants. I'm almost afraid to ask, but does location matter?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.|There are 4 options for british food in the centre. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle and cotto. Do any of those sound good to you?
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on tuesday and get me the reference number|The oak bistro. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TMOV7WRE.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay.|Okay, what requirements do you have for a place to stay?
I would like a three star hotel.  I'm trying to unplug on this trip, so free internet isn't necessary.|Alpha milton guesthouse in the north is three stars with no internet, are you open to a guesthouse or is a hotel preferred?
I would prefer a hotel, in the moderate price rage. It should be 3 stars.|I apologize, but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Are you open to a different star rating or price range?
Yes, could you make a suggestion maybe?|The Ashley Hotel is moderately-priced and 2-stars. Would that be OK?
Actually, I am open to a guest house. Can you check to see if there is a 3-star guesthouse in the moderate range?|There are 4 guesthouses with a 3 star rating. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town? There are choices in the north, south, and west.
Since none of them seem to be close to the restaurant, can you suggest one for me?|i recommend hobsons house in the west. can i give you the address?
Could you book it for me?  I need it for 3 people for 3 days.|I have you booked for 3 people, 3 days starting on tuesday, reference number is YB9WDND7, any other questions?
I also need a taxi that arrives at the booked time.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know what your destination is.
yeah i want to get tp the restaurant at the time you booked it for me|I just need to confirm, will you be leaving from the hotel?
Yes, my pick-up point will be the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant by 17:45. Can you book the taxi for me, please?|Your taxi reservation  has been booked. The car type is Black Ford and the contact number is 07375823066. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Have a great day. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge
Hi, do you know about trains that run from King's Lynn?|Yes, there are several. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Wednesday by train departing from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.  But want to arrive by 11:45.|for how many ?
just one, please|Okay, great. I've made you a booking on the TR8044. Your reference number is VIG3VTPJ. The total fee is 9.8 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Thanks! I also need a hotel (not a guesthouse!) with free wifi, please.|how about ashley hotel?
Can you tell me if Ashley Hotel is located in the South and does it include free parking?|They are located in the North and has free parking.
Okay, I need the address of a hotel in the south please with free wifi and parking.|I do not have anything with that exact criteria. Shall I change it?
Yes,  Can you look in the west please?|I have two hotels that meet your criteria. One is in the expensive price range and the other is in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer the cheaper one please.|The address for The Cambridge Belfry is Back Lane, Cambourne. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it for today, thank you|Thanks for using our services, goodbye!
I want to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.|I'm not finding anything matching your query.
I need it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking.|There is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
Ok, how about something in the moderate price range?|We have 9 that match your search. Do you have a further preference?
Yes they must have a 4 star rating with free parking. Do any of the guesthouse matches have that?|How about Acorn Guest House. It's located in the north at a moderate price range with 4 stars and free internet and parking.
That will be fine. Please provide the phone number and address.|what date would you like, how long, and how many people?
I don't need to book at this time. I just need the phone number, address, and postcode, please.|The phone number is 01223353888, address is 154 chesterton road, and postcode is cb41da.
Thanks very much for your help, that's everything I needed.|You're welcome. Have a very nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for information, specifically, a place to stay while I'm in town.|sure! how about allenbell? i hear it's lovely.
Is it in the moderate price range?  I need a hotel in the west with a star rating of a 3.|We don't have any 3 star hotels on the west part of town. Do you want to try searching for something else?
Okay, how about just moderate price and three stars in any part of town?|There aren't any hotels like that, but I do have 4 guesthouses. 2 in the north, 1 in the west, and 1 in the south.
okay, pick the west please. I need the postcode.|the postal code is cb39lh
I am also looking for Williams Art and Antiques.  Can you tell me what area that is in?|They are in the centre, admission is free, can I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it.  Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
What are some places to go to?|We have 79 attractions, do you have anything you'd like to see?
Recommend something for me, as long as it is in the center.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is in the center. It has free admission.
That sounds perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a guesthouse to stay in? I'd like a 4 star location, please.|Sure thing which area?
The hotel should include free wifi it should be near the attractions|There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre of town.  It is 4 starts and offers free internet and parking.  Would you like me to reserve?
Yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : EHM9N8KK.  Can I assist you further today?
No that looks like everything I need today. Thank You.|Your welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to stay in the south.|There are 4 places in the south. 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Which would you prefer?
I am looking to stay at a place with four stars, please.|The aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star hotel located at 5 mowbray road.
thank you for the help|Great! Have a nice day!
I need a restaurant in the Cambridge area that serves international food and is moderately priced.|the varsity restaurant is a really good choice. Want a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.,|Okay, anything else I can help with?
Is that restaurant in the centre area and could I get the postcode please?|Yes it is located in th center and their postcode is cb23ar
i also need a place to stay|Is there a specific part of town that you are wanting to stay?
No particular area, just one that has free wifi and parking and has 3 stars.|There are five that meet your criteria. A guesthouse and hotel in the south, a hotel in centre, a guest house in north, and another guesthouse in west.
Why don't you recommend one of the hotels?|I recommend gonville hotel. Do you want a booking?
I don't need a booking, but can you please inform me of the area, type, and phone number for it?|The are is centre, the price range is expensive and the phone number is 01223366611.
Great! I also will need a taxi between the two places.|Where will you be departing from?
I would like to be picked up from the gonville hotel by 21:00 please.|Your booking was successful, a blue tesla will be picking you up and the contact number is 07361030196, anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I don't need anything else! Goodbye!|You're welcome. Good bye
I'm looking for trains for Thursday.|Sure. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Cambridge.|We have 202 trains heading to Cambridge on Thursday. Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Peterborough.|Do you have time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|Would you like an early morning departure?  Or is there a more convenient departure time for you?
It does not matter.  Please go ahead and book a train and provide the price and departure time.|i have booked TR7094 and leaves 07:19	with a price of 16.50 pounds
Im also looking for an expensive hotel in the west.|The only hotel that came up is huntingdon marriott hotel on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon do you want me to book it?
Do they have free wifi?  I also prefer that it have 2 stars.|Huntingdon marriott hotel does have internet but it has 4 stars.  Do you want to book there or prefer something else?
I want to visit some colleges.|Yes, there are 18 colleges. Do you have any particular area in mind?
I would like it to be in the South.|I am sorry there are none in the south. Would you like to try another area instead?
How about just try looking for any cinemas in the south?|We have Cineworld Cinema in the South area.
That sounds great! Can I have their address and phone number, please?|00872208000 is the phone number. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thanks, I need some info in lovell lodge, specifically price range, address and whether parking is included.|Lovell Lodge is located at 365 milton road. The pricing is moderately priced, but the parking is free.
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.|Okay, which location would you like to be picked up at, and at what time?
the hotel at 23.30 get me the contact number and car type|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07369509134
anything else i can help you with?
i want a place i can watch multiple sports in the centre.|I did not find any places in the Centre of town. Would you like to try another area?
Are there any nightclubs that I could visit, instead?|Sure! I recommend The Fez Club. Their address is 8 market passage
I need to have the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode please.|Those would be 01223519224, 5 pounds, and cb23hx in that order. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes please, I would love if you could help me find an expensive hotel located in the centre|There are two hotels in the centre. Gonville hotel has 3 stars. University arms hotel has 4 stars. Both have wifi and parking.
Are they both expensive?|Both are expensive.
Can you book either one for 8 people on Tuesday for 4 nights.|I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If the expensive isn't available, let's try something in a moderate price range.|I was able to book you rooms for 8 people at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is Y28C0SMO. How else may I assist you today?
I guess that is all I need.  Thanks!|Have a great stay. Enjoy your time.
I will. Thanks.|I was able to reserve the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights, you confrimation number is Y28C0SMO.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi.|Do you have a price range or specific area?
Area is not important, thanks!|My favorite guesthouse is the Acorn Guest House, in the north. 4 stars and moderately-priced. Would you like a room there?
That sounds great. I'll need a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Alright! I have made your requested booking and the reference number is P6W6XFMK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|You are very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks! You too!|Do you need to book anything for travel?
Yes, please, a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|I have trains departing Cambridge on Friday as early as 05:39 and as late at 23:39. Do you have any preference on what time you'd like to depart by or arrive?
I want to leave after 11:15. If I do, what time do you think I will arrive?|If you leave at 11:39 on train TR7943  you will arrive at 13:07.
Thank you, thats all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.
I need to book a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving in Cambridge before 12:30.|I have TR4594, leaving at 11:29 and arriving in 12:07. Is that OK?
I actually need to leave after 20:30 on Friday. So whatever is closest to that time will be fine.|Okay. The TR4549 leaves at 21:29. Will that suit?
Yes that works.  Can you book it for 5 people and send me the reference number?|Ok I have 5 tickets booked on TR4549. Your reference number is NTPYZBY4.
Thanks! Can you also check and see what 3-star guesthouses you have?|We are listing four guest houses. Which area of town are you looking for?
The east part of town, it should also include free wifi.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that I can see on the East side of town, can I look in a different location?
Yes, are there any 3 star guesthouses in the west that include free wifi?|Yes there is Hobsons house is in the west and has free wifi.
Okay, I need a hotel for same group of people for two nights starting Friday, and I'll need reference number, please.|I have successfully booked the hotel for you! Your reference number is NKEKLJ0D. Can I help you with anything else?
That sounds perfect, I think that's all I need today. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome, thank you for using our service!
Hi I am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the west part of Cambridge.|There are two places matching your requests, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Which do you prefer?
Which one has free parking?|It looks like they both do. Do you have a preference for guesthouse or hotel?
Do both also have free wifi? If so, can you book the guest house.|Absolutely, Finches Bed and Breakfast it is. What day would you like me to book you for? How large is your party? How long is your stay?
What is the star rating of the hotel?|Finches is rated 4 stars. Please provide me with information regarding your reservation and I would be happy to take care of booking the hotel for you.
I am also looking for a Pizza Hut.|There are three Pizza Hut's locations listed: Fen Ditton, City Centre, and Cherry Hinton. Are you interested in one of these?
I need the address, type of food, and price range for the Fen Ditton location, please.|The Pizza Hut is located in Fen Ditton in the Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. It serves Italian food at a moderate price. Should I book a table for you?
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places please.|what time do you want to depart from finches?
I'd like to leave by 22:15, please.|OK, I have a white toyota picking you up at Finches at 22:15 and traveling to the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Contact number is 07655072535.
That's incorrect. I need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:15 and takes me back to the hotel.|Okay. No problem. I have corrected that for you. I have booked you into a white Volvo with a contact number of 07064227120. They will pick you up at 22:15.
Okay wonderful. Thanks for all your help.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any future concerns. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge.|I have found 24 guesthouses in cambridge. Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I don't care but it needs to be cheap.|Okay, the allenbell is a cheap guesthouse, would you like me to make a booking?
Does it have free parking and internet?  Also, I'd like to be in the centre of town.|Yes it does and it in the east though, is that going to be problem?
Yes, I need one that is in the centre. Please give me the postcode, price range and star of the hotel.|I have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse available in the centre. It's cheap, 4 stars, with free wifi and parking. It's in postcode cb12de. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also needs a train on tuesday that arrives by 16:15.|What is your departure and destination locations?
I would like to depart from kings lynn and go to cambridge.|We have 11 trains matching your request. Was there a specific time you wanted to depart?
Whichever one gets me to Cambridge closest to 16:15.|TR8932 will arrive at 15:58 would that work for you?
Wonderful, could I just have the price for now? I may book myself later.|The price per ticket on TR8932 is 9.8 GBP. Will that be all?
Yes, thank you so much! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
I'm visiting cambridge, I want to spoil myself, I am looking for a four star place to stay which is expensive.|Sure, I can help you with that.  There are two places.  One is in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
It doesn't really matter what area. But, I really prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Do you have any?|I have two options, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel or the University Arms Hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
We were wanting to have free wifi. Do either of them provide that?|Both of these two offer free wifi, The Marriott is in the Hinchinbrook Business Park, while the University Arms is on Regent Street downtown.
I would like to book the University Arms for five nights. Could you do that for me?|I can! When would you like the booking to start? And how many in your party?
2 people and 5 nights starting on teusday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : F063DE8D
I am looking for a place to dine|Okay, do you have a food, price range, or area preference?
It should be in the north and it should be expensive.|We have asian oriental, 2 chinese, a european and french to choose from, any preferences?
A French restaurant is fine.  Can you make a recommendation?|Yes, I recommend Restaurant Two Two at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. The reservation will need to be for Tuesday, 2 people, and we'd like to dine at 15:15.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 928SYN1A. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to get there by 15:15.|Thank you.  Goodbye.
I need info on a train that'll take me to Cambridge and leave after 9:00.|I'd be happy to help. I have several trains leaving from london kings cross on Friday; do you need to arrive by a certain time?
Yes, I need to arrive no later than 17:00.|TR8842 arrives in Cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price?|The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like more information or to make a booking?
No I do need a place to stay in the south.|I have four places. Did you have a price range in mind?
No but I would prefer a guesthouse with a 3 star rating.|I'd recommend the bridge guest house. Would you like a room?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|for how many people and when were you planning your stay?
I need to book the room for 2 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.|It is successfully booked your reference number is NRDSBQTY.
Thanks for you assistance, that will be all today.|Have a lovely day, thanks for using our services.
Thank you very much.|You're very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking.  I prefer a guesthouse though.|There are many. Is there a particular area you prefer?
No, but I'd like it to be moderately priced.|they are many here. we can narrow them down by stating how many stars you want.
that could be anywhere. book for me  for 3 people and 4 nightsstarting from sunday.|The acorn guest house is a good option for you.
Okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|Great! I booked that room for you. Here is your reference number RKBQJ4LX.
I've got another request I need assistance with please. I am looking to Stansted Airport via train and need help booking it.|Sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
I will travel on Thursday.|Where will you be departing from?
Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge, to arrive by 12:00?|Where is your destination?
I am going to Ely.|On what day will you be travelling?
Actually, I need to go Birmingham New Street and will be traveling on Friday.|I have train TR3732 arriving at 11:44 that is the closest I have to 12:00.
That is perfect.  Can you book 1 seat for me please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : NCZQBZUY.
I am also looking for a guesthouse in the north that has free parking.|acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
yes, please. I want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from monday.|I am having trouble booking that for you. Lets try others.
How about tuesday?|Yes, I am able to book the Acorn Guest House on Tuesday, for four days. Would you like to process this?
Yes, give me the reference number.|Sorry, my system isn't able to process this right now. You may want to contact the hotel directly.
Okay, thank you. Good bye.|Good bye. Sorry I couldn't help more. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre|sure, i have 33 options for you
Great.  Is there one that serves mediterranean food?|I happen to have 2 great ones. La Mimosa is available, as well as the newer one called Shiraz Restaurant. Would you like more info on one of these?
Let's go with Shiraz. I need a booking for 5 at 16:30 on saturday.|Your table has been booked for 16:30 and will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is VORP2NWK. What else can I do for you today?
I am also looking for a four star hotel.|There are three options to choose from. The Huntington Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Which would you like?
I want it to be a 4 star guesthouse with free parking and internet|Which part of time would you like to stay in?
Starting Saturday for 4 people for 5 nights.|There are actually 16 guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area of the city that you prefer?
Maybe the centre near my restaurant.|How about alexander bed and breakfast?
Is it available on Saturday.|Yes. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Please book it for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday|You are booked. The reference number is C9LRRET8
Thanks for all the help. That's all I needed today.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find information about a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel?|Yes, its a four star that is a little pricey. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, the area of the city and the address.|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the West  and the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.
Thanks. I also need a train departing from cambridge on thursday.|My pleasure. What is your destination and do you have any time constraints?
I would like to go to Stevenage and leave after 11:00.|There is a train leaving at 11:21 would you like me to book this?
Please do. I need 8 tickets|I've made those reservations and your reference number is W29ZP27K.
thank you for all of your help|Can I be of further assistance today?
That was all that I needed today thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|What price range are you looking for?
I don't care about that. I do want a place with a 4-star rating.|There are 16 entries here. Personally I recommend allenbell.
That sounds good as long as it's got parking. Can you get me the address?|How about the Allenbell? The address is 517a coldham lane.
Sounds great.  Thanks for your help, that is all I need.  Bye.|Thank you and have a great day, goodbye.
Hello, I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need some help finding places to go in town when I get there.|Sure, we have much to offer. Did you have anything specific in town?
I'm looking for a theatre.|There are 4 in the city centre and one in the south - do you prefer one area over the other?
Can you give me the address to the one in the south please?|It is called The Junction. It is located on Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, do you have information on the cambridge belfry?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range with internet and parking.
What is the address of the Cambridge Belfry, please?|The address is back lane, cambourne in cb236bw.
Can you book a taxi for me between the 2 places? I would like to leave the theatre by 10:45.|Your taxi has been booked. The car will be a black Lexus and the contact number is 07768154661.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap reastaurant in the centre.|Any particular cuisine you'd prefer?
Actually, I love trying new things. Im open to new things. What is available?|Okay, how about The Gardenia that serves mediterranean food?
Can you give me more information on the Gardenia? Don't forget the phone number, please.|They are a cheap mediterranean place in the centre of town. They are located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their phone number is 01223356354.
Thanks.  Can you help me find a guesthouse in the same area?|We have 2 cheap guesthouses in the center of town. I recommend the Alexander B&B.
Is there a 0-star place that's also expensive? I'm sort of a glutton for punishment.|There are no zero star expensive ones. The low quality ones tend to be on the cheaper end. Would you like me to look?
okay. cheap is good|I have a cheap guest house in the center, 0 stars. El Shaddai. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for 3 nights, 8 people, starting on Sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8I2TLR4V. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|If you need any thing else, let us know.
naw, i'm good thanks|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello. I need to book a train ride from Ely going to Cambridge, can you help me with that?|Absolutely, you have plenty of options. On what day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Saturday after 12:00.|I have 6 trains leaving after 12:00 on Saturday. Do you have a preferred time of arrival to Cambridge?
No, I do not. I would, however, like to know the travel time.|The travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like the departure times?
Could you please confirm that train ID number with the travel time for me?|TR4698 leaves at 13:35 and it will take 17 minutes to travel before arriving at 13:52
Thank you. I'd also like to find a hotel.|I have about 9 different hotels to choose from. Is there a price range that would work better for you so we can narrow it down?
I would like a hotel in the north area in the moderate price range.|The Ashley Hotel or the Lovell Lodge should suit your needs.
What is the address for The Ashley Hotel?|The address for the Ashley Hotel is 74 Chesterton Road.
Well that's all I needed. You have been very helpful today.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Are there any restaurants serving australasian food in the east part of the city?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No, how about chinese food?|Yu garden offers chinese food in the east part of town
Okay, can I please have the phone number?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can do?  Reserve a table for you, perhaps?
i am also looking for a hotel called limehouse|The Limehouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the North, would you like their contact information and address, or would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me if Limehouse has internet access?|It does have internet. Would you like to book a room?
I also need a Taxi that will pick me up by by 8:15 from the guest house to the Restaurant. I will appreciate to have the Car type and the number.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07241514490
I want to leave the restaurant by 8:15.|This is what we've requested for you. You're all set.
Thank you. That's all I needed. I appreciate all of your help.|Your Welcome.  Have A Great Day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions.  I am looking for a museum in the west part of town.|There are 7 options, the first is cafe jello gallery located at 13 magdalene street, phone number 01223312112. Would that work?
That would work well for me can I get their entrance fee and postcode as well?|Yes, the postcode is cb30af. Entrance is free! What else can I help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a hotel called the Lovell Lodge. Can you help me find information about this hotel?|Sure thing! Lovell lodge is located in the north at 365 milton road. What else would you like to know?
Does Lovell Lodge have free internet, and may I ask what star rating it has? Thank you for checking this for me.|2 stars. Yes it has free internet.
Thanks! I will also need to book a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 24:30. Can you help with that?|It will be a grey Audi, and the contact number is 07486491137. Will that be all today?
Yes, that's all. Goodbye!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I need a hotel to stay with a 3 star rating please.|There are 2 hotels with 3 stars.  They are both quite similar, but the Gonville Hotel has a little better reputation.  Can I tell you anything about it?
Yes, is either of these hotels located in the north?|No they are located in the centre and the south.
I need the address and phone to them please.|the phone number is 01223366611 and adress is gonville place
How about a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the north?|There are two 3-star guesthouses in the north. One offers Internet and parking and the other doesn't. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
No, thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in town.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
On second.  Wait.  What was the price range on that guesthouse?|The pricerange for Gonville Hotel is expensive. Were you needing a guesthouse? This is a hotel.
I think we're confusing each other. You said there was no 3-star hotel in the north, so I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in the north. Do you have that?|Sorry. My system just refreshed. Alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star guesthouse in the north area in the moderate price range. It does not include internet or parking.
No worries, I just need the address please.|The Alpha-milton guest house address is 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Are you looking for an attraction in the north also?
I am actually looking for a college anywhere in town. Can you recommend an interesting one?|Sure! I recommend the Clare Hall located on Herschel Road. What information would you like to know?
May I have the phone number and the exact area.|Clare hall is in the west part of town. Their phone number is 01223332360 should you need to contact them!
Thanks! I will also need a taxi please.|Thank you, please provide what time you want to leave the hotel or time you want to arrive at Clare Hall.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge that serves crossover food please?|There are no matching restaurants, would you like another type of food?
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?|There are 21 moderate restaurants in the center of town.  What food type would you like?
Asian oriental sounds yummy, what are my choices?|I would recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar.   Fun place with great food.
That would be fine. Can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on thursday.|You are booked for 5 people at 12:15 on Thursday at the Yippee Noodle Bar. Reference number is C62U1AM2.  They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
I would also like to get a place to stay.|There are several hotels that you can choose from. What type of hotel are you looking for?
I would like a hotel that is in the moderate price range and needs to have 0 stars.  It needs to be near the hotel.|There is only one hotel in the moderate price range with 0 stars near the centre called cityroomz. Shall I book a room for you?
No booking necessary, just need one more thing, a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant and to get there by the reservation time|I have booked a red skoda. The number is 07965582777. Anything else for you?
That will be it, thanks.|Thank you we hope you enjoy your stay!
I'd be really happy if you could help me locate a place to stay in Cambridge tonight.|Absolutely, are you looking for anything specific?
I want an expensive guesthouse with free wifi|Which part of town are you looking to stay in?
I dont have any preference when it comes to where it is. As long as it is 4 stars|I'm sorry, there aren't any guesthouses that fit your requirements.
Then how about one in the cheap price range?|Cheap we can do! I recommend the Autumn House in the east. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, I would.  I need 3 nights, 7 people, starting Wednedady.  I need the reference number.  I also need a train to Cambridge after 14:45.|I was able to book the hotel, reference number is T8ZCCFKU.
Great! Now could you help me book a train from Stevenage going to Cambridge on Wednesday?|TR9675 leaves Stevenage at 15:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:43. Will this work for you?
Yes, no need to book, I just need the travel time.|The total travel time is 49 minutes for that route.
Thanks, that's everything. This is going to be a great trip!|You're welcome, and I hope you have a good time.
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.|What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area?
could you check for something in the moderate price range?|I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?|You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by 08:15 in Cambridge please.|Yes for how many people ?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.  I need a place to dine.|Sure, do you have a type of food you are wanting?
Crossover food would be perfect.|Unfortunately, there aren't any crossover restaurants in Cambridge. Is there something else you'd like to try?
Is there a gastropub in Centre?|Yes, I have two that are expensive and one that is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the moderately priced option. Can I please have the phone number?|In the moderate price range, I have one place. It's called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located on Corn Exchange Street. Do you need a reservation?
Not right now, but I am looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5-star accommodations in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, there are no 5-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.  There are many 4-star options.  Would you like to try one of those?
Do you have one with free parking|Yes the allenbell does.
Is the allenbell a guesthouse?|Yes, it is a guesthouse.  It's located at 517a Coldham Lane.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you that will be all|Is there anything further that I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 18:30.|Sure.  I booked a black BMW for you. Contact number	:	07568490583
Thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you! Thanks for your help! Bye!|excellent, have a great day!
I need to find a place to stay while in Cambridge, I do not need it to have internet but I do need it to have free parking.|There are currently no hotels in the Cambridge area that have parking, is there another area close by that would work for you?
maybe you can suggest a place close to the area of south, I would appreciate that, thank you|There is nothing in the south. Do you really need parking?
Yeah, I do.  What about to the west?|What are the preferences you have for the hotel? I cannot seem to find one fitting the criteria you have listed.
I need the hotel to at least have free wifi. Can you accommodate?|There are 4 hotels in the south with free wifi and parking. What star rating would you like?
I don't really care about the star rating. I just would like free wifi and would need to book for 3 nights for 6 people.|what price range are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.|Ok. How about the Bridge Guest House. I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know what day you'll be arriving.
I will be arriving Sunday.|All booked! The reference number is O59MRSHK.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area.  Preferably vegetarian food in the moderate price range.|there are no vegetarian food restaurants.
Okay. Is there one that serves International food?|There are three locations that serve international cuisine. The Missing Sock, The Varsity Restaurant, and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Are you interested in any of these?
Sure, can I please get a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people at The Missing Sock?|I cannot not book your reservation for the time you wanted, would you want another time or to try one of the other 2 restaurants?
Can you try for 12:00?|I'm sorry 12:00 is not available either, would you like to try another time or different restaurant possibly?
Yes let's try another restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant is moderately priced, and serves international food, but I'm afraid it's not in the south, but rather the city centre. Would that be agreeable?
Sure please book that fro me.|Booked for 12 at varsity restaurant, you reference number is SSRYQGZ2. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Alright, can you get me a taxi that will take from from the hotel to the Varsity in time for my reservation?|Yes, be on the lookout for for a white lexus. The contact number is 07672513904. May I help with anything else?
No, I am all set.  Thank you for all your help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service. You have a great trip!
I am trying to find a Jamaican restaurant|We don't have any Jamaican restaurants here. Would you like to try something else?
How about a expensive mediterranean?|There are two restaurants, La Mimosa or Shiraz
let's book a table at Shiraz.|Can I get what day,time and how many people will be dining?
Monday at noon and five.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is:  QJI9U6C7. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|I recommend acorn guest house on 154 chesterton road would you like me to book?
Can I get the address, postcode and price range of that hotel?|It is a moderate priced guesthouse. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Can I book you any rooms?
Sure, that would be great. one person for 2 nights please.|What day will you be arriving?
The same day, I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel and restaurant.|I need to know the time you want to leave.
Wednesday, I need to arrive to the restaurant by my booked time.|I think we've almost mixed up your bookings! To clarify, you'd like a hotel reservation starting on Wednesday? Your restaurant booking is set for Monday. We can make changes!
What was I thinking! I wanted to book a table for 1 person, myself, at 12:30 on Wednesday. Please change my booking at Shiraz.|So you would like to cancel the other booking?
I need to change it to Wednesday at 12:30 for 1 person. The others can't make it. Sorry.|No worries. Your table for 1 is reserved and your reservation code is GKDDPL1M. The table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
No, please find me a zero star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking|Sorry I don't have any 0 star hotels with that criteria.
Any stars would be fine.|I'm so sorry but i'm confused. What would you like me to search for your place to stay?
I am looking for a hotel with a zero star rating with both free wifi and parking, please.|There are two cheap guesthouses meeting your needs: el shaddai in the centre and city centre north b and b in the north. Which do you prefer?
i highly recommend el shaddai. it is cheap. can i book?|El Shaddai is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse in the centre. Will that work for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode and address please.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a Saturday train.|Of course. I have 404 rail departures on Saturday, could you help me with your itinerary please?
I want to leave cambridge to birmingham new street and arrive by 20:45.|There is a train leaving at 5:00.
Ok, can I get the Train ID and the departure and travel time please?|The train you may prefer is the TR5867 that leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. It takes 163 minutes. Would you like that one?
That's perfect. I also need a hotel to stay in. Should be rated 4 stars|There are 21 hotels that meet your criteria. Let's try to narrow it down. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
Anywhere in the south. As long as it has free wifi.|I have 2 options for you, is there a price range you are looking for?
No particular price range. I would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|May I suggest Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?  It's a cheap, 4 star, guest house.
Can you provide me with the address and if they have free parking?|They do have free parking. The address is 53 roseford road. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks, just grabbing some information for now.   Thank you for all of your help.|Have a nice day.
I need a train leaving friday that will arrive by 16:30|Certainly, there are plenty of options, the train that arrives closest to 16:30 arrives at 14:43. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
Sure book 1 ticket from kings lynn to cambridge|Now that we've specified, we have one that arrives at 14:58, the TR6844. Does this still work?
I need booking for eight people if there is room. If so, book it and send a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 59LWLXZ4. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the north please|Certainly, there are 8 guesthouse type accommodations in the north area that are 4 stars. Does parking or wifi matter to you?
I am indifferent to parking but free wifi is a necessity.|All the selections have wifi, 7 of the 8 hotels are moderately priced, but one is in the cheaply priced range.
Great, book me one of those for 8 people. We'll stay from Friday for 5 nights. I'll need a reference number, please.|I booked you what you requested at the avalon hotel. Your reference number is J8LR3GIP. Can we help you with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
i want a place to stay|There is a lot of choice. Do you have any preferences ?
Yes, I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in a moderate price range. I do need free parking, too.|There are 3 guesthouses with that criteria available, one each in the south, north and west. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need internet.|All three also have free internet. Which area would you be interested in? I can help you book your stay.
Can you tell me the name of the one that is in the west, because I am also looking for something to do in the west.|The name of the guesthouse in the west is hobsons house. Can I book that for you?
Not right now. Can you help me find something to do in the west area?|What type of activities are you interested in? Musems? Parks? Colleges?
I'm not sure.. can you recommend something?|Churchhill College is in the West at Storey's Way and has no entrance fee.  Shall I book that one for you?
No thank you. I just wanted to know what things there were to do. Visiting a a college sounds like fun. Thanks for all your help today.|Did you want me to look up another college?
No, I am all set.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|you're welcome! bye!
Hello I am looking for a guesthouse please.|I have 24 guesthouses in Cambridge.  Do you have an area of the town you'd like to stay in so we can narrow down this list?
I would like to stay in the west. I prefer the hotel to have free wifi and be a 3 star.|There is the hobsons house which is 3 star and has wifi and free parking.
Could I please get the postcode, and the address for this guesthouse?|Sure the postcode is cb39lh. Their address is 96 barton road.
Great. I'll also need a train going to cambridge.|And where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester. The train should leave on monday.|I've got 19 trains that leave on Monday.  What time would you like to arrive?
I would like the earliest train available please. Can you tell me the train ID and travel time please?|The TR3173 leaves at 06:54 for a duration of 105 minutes. Would you like a seat booked?
Not right now, but I do need to know the fare for that train.|The fare will be 37.80 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, I think that's it for today. Have a nice one. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north?|Yes! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
It does not really matter. It does not need internet or free parking.|There is a moderately priced, 3 star guesthouse named the Alpha-Milton Guesthouse. Can I help you book your stay?
Yes, 4 people, 4 nights, start from Wednesday. Reference number please.|I was able to book it, reference number is TGKX5Y65.
Awesome. Are there any good Indian restaurants close to the hotel?|There is the nirala which is moderately priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I'd like to book the Nirala for Wednesday for 3 people at 15:15, please.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : R6H3QHUE.  What else can I help you with today?
I will also need a taxi.|When would you like the taxi for?
I would like to go from the hotel to Nirala to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black toyota
Contact number	:	07497343822 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much! That's everything for now. Take care!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye!
I'm visiting the centre and want to go all out on the experience.   Can you help me find an expensive restaurant?|Sure, which part of town did you want to eat in?
In the centre, please|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of cuisine you were looking for?
no, just surprise me. I need a reservation for 1 person at 20:00 on wednesday.|You have been booked at the Bedouin on Wednesday at 20:00 for 1 person.  Your reference number is 29KJKZOD.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay.|The University Arms is a 4 star hotel on Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Is that in the centre area also, and in the expensive price range? That is what I'm looking for.|Yes, University Arms Hotel is a 4-star hotel in the expensive price range.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Great, can you book for 1 person and 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VJQM2DFY. Anything else I can do for you?
Great I also need a taxi to take me between the two places and get me to the restaurant by 20:00|Booking for the taxi complete look for a grey bmw car contact number is 07434690950 to arrive at the restaurant by 20:00
Perfect!. Thank you for your help!|You are most welcome. May I help you with anything else, such as attractions?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Have a great day!
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east side.|There are several.  Would you like British, Chinese, Gastropub, or Indian cuisine?
Book me a table of five for Tuesday at 11:30 in one that serves  British cuisine. Please get me the reference number as well.|I was able to successfully book a table for 5 at the Grafton Hotel restaurant at 11:30 on Tuesday, your reference number is 701570FS.
Thank you, I also need a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.|There are 29 different hotels that fit this request. Did you need it in a certain area or did you prefer a certain price range?
Yes, I'd also like it to be expensive and on the east side.|It sounds like you're looking for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge then!
That would work well what type of hotel is it?|It is a hotel-hotel. Its named holiday "inn" and I completely understand, it can be confusing. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll also need information about a taxi service as I won't have transportation on this trip.|What time would you like to leave and arrive for your taxi?
I need it to pick me up in time to get me to the restaurant before 11:30.  Can I get a contact number and car type please?|The car is a black lexus and the contact number is 07421870215.
Great thanks! That's all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip!
Where can I find the Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge?|it is found  in the east , 15-17 norman way coldhams business park. you can call them on 01223866800
Okay. Can I book 4 nights at the Express please?|Sure! How many people will staying?
6 people, 4 nights starting on friday.|I will book it for you now.
Could I please get the reference number after you book it.|Booking is complete. Your reference number is UQG3WI8I. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant called the golden curry. Can you help me book a table there?|Sure. For how many people, on what day and time?
For 6 people on Friday at 12:15. Thanks|Okay I've booked you a table at The Golden Curry for 6 on Friday at 12:15, refeence number 1OUCJVYH.  Is there anything else?
thanks. no thats all i will be needing. see you later!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars.|Certainly, is there an area of town you prefer?
No, but it should have free wifi, 4 stars, and free parking.|There are quite a few options that match your needs -would you prefer cheap or moderately priced?
No. You can pick the hotel. I will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from Friday.|I have booked you a room at the Acorn Guest House. They are at 154 Chesterson Road, CB41DA. Their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need the reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UUJ3X14V.
Thanks! I am also looking for suggestions for night clubs.|I have 6 night clubs in the city, 5 are in the centre and 1 is in the South?  Would you like info on any of them?
What is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the south?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. I'm sorry,  i do not have the entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I needed! Thanks you've been so helpful! Bye!|You are most welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.|From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30.|the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.|Do you need parking at the hotel?
It doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.|We have some moderately priced guesthouses and some cheap ones. There are no hotels. Do you have a preference?
Guesthouse type is fine.|Which price range would you like?
I'm open to different price ranges. What is available?|A and B Guest House would be my suggestion? Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, how much does it cost, and I need the address & postcode too please|Their postcode is cb12dp and their address is 124 tenison road. The hotel is moderately priced
That sounds great thank you for your help.|You are most welcome. Good day.
Hello. Can you recommend a good hotel in the centre?|I have three hotels in the Centre. Would you like moderate or expensive prince range?
Price is no object, but i would like free parking and wifi.|Great, since price is no object I recommend University Arms Hotel.  Its an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.  Want me to book it?
Yea, I'd like to book for 3 people. We will need 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|The booking has been successful. Your reference number is NL0GG0ZZ.
Thank you. Have a good night!|You're welcome! Have a great night.
Hi, I am coming to Cambridge next week and am really excited by all tourist attractions available.|Yes there are many options available.  Do you have a preference for type or location?
Im looking for a hotel in the west that's cheap.|I have 2 options that fit your criteria. Are you looking for a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on that. What's the best cheap place in that part of town?|I would suggest Finches Bed and Breakfast. They have 4 stars and offer free wifi and parking. It's a great little guesthouse. Can I book you a room?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Absolutely! The phone number is 	01223276653 and the postal code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I need some information on attraction called Tenpin.|They are an entertainment place in the south area.  The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Can you tell me the postcode also please?|I'd be happy to get that for you. The postcode is cb17dy.
Do you have its address as well?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
OK, great, I'm sure I can find it now.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that is it. Thanks!|Okay, have a great day!
I'd like to find a train please.|OK, do you know what day and time you're traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday and need to arrive in Ely by 9:30.|And where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge and I'll need 7 tickets total. Can I have the reference number after you book the tickets,please?|I have train TR1955 arriving at 08:07 will that work for you?
Yes, please book that.  Also, I am looking for a hotel named the allenbell.  Can you find information on it for me?|I booked 7 tickets for you on the TR1955. Your reference is JS5U3C0K. I will now help you find information on the allenbell
Thank you. I will need a price range, whether or not they have free parking, and the area please.|It's a cheap guesthouse in the east side of town. They have free parking. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.|Your welcome. Is has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Hi I am looking for a hotel called limehouse.|Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse with 4 stars located North of cambridge. Their phone number is 01223300552. How else can I assist you today?
Can I book a room starting sunday for 4 nights and seven people?|Unfortunately I can't book that. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, would you try to book it for three nights?|The Limehouse has been booked for 7 people for 3 days, starting on Sunday. The reference number is QHGUALFE.
Thank you. Can you book us a train that gets there by 13:15?|Yes. I will need to know where you will be departing from and what day you would like to take the train?
I am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on sunday, it should depart from kings lynn.|I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:58. Will that do?
That's okay I guess, but is there any later train? We're not early birds.|Yes, I recommend train TR1152 that arrived y 12:58
That's much better, thank you. I'll need tickets for 7.|Great. I have booked 7 tickets for you. The total free is 54.88 GBP and payable at the station. The reference number is 68C4UWDM.
Thank you so much. I think that did it for today. Have a great one!|Glad to have been of help! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you find me a place with free parking to stay in the centre?|I can help with that, are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse with three star rating could be great.|There are no guesthouses with 3 star but there is a 3 star hotel that offers free parking and free wifi. It is called Gonville Hotel.
Please book me that hotel, it fits my preferences.|Excellent. For how many people and for how long?
What is the price range, address and phone number of the hotel?|The hotel is expensive. The address is Gonville Place, and the phone number is 01223366611.
I'm also looking for a really nice restaurant that serves modern european food. Can you help me with that?|Sure! There is one restaurant meeting that criteria.  It is the Darrys Cookhouse & Wine Shop. Would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of this restaurant and is it located near the hotel?|They're both in the centre of town, and the restaurant has a price range of expensive.
I would like a table for 5 on Sunday at 19:30 at Darrys Cookhouse, please.|Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to book another day or time?
Yes, can I have a table for 18:30 on the same day?|Ok I have booked your table for 5 at 18:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is 4PXENUHG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30. Can you get me a contact number and car type?|Okay, it been booked. The car type is a yellow ford and your contact number is 07565490512. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should be it, thank you very much|You're welcome. Have a beautiful stay in our fair city.
Please book dinner reservations for five people on Saturday at the India House restaurant.|It is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. But, I cannot perform the booking function as yet.
Really? I need at table at 14:00 Wednesday for 4 people.|The booking was successful. The reference number is MNFWDWLV.
What about a booking for Sunday?|I have also reserved for Saturday evening
Can you book Sunday as well like I asked please?|My apologies, I will cancel the Saturday booking, what time on Sunday would you like me to reserve?
same time please.|You're all set! Your reference number is I64XBD1R
Sorry change of plans can you cancel and book for monday now please?|I have table for 4 booked for Monday at 14:00 with the reference number E7SLGC6T
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive 3 star hotel. I'd like it to have free wifi and parking.|The two hotels meeting your needs are the gonville hotel in the centre; and the lensfield hotel in the south. Which one do you prefer?
Either is fine as long as it has free parking and expensive price range. I will need the postcode as well.|Great, which day and how many people should I book for?
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town|I've got many here that match that description. Would you like a specific food type? Maybe British food?
How about Chinese food?|jinling noodle bar is a chinese restaurant in the centre, 11 Peas Hill City Centre
That sounds great! Can you see if there's a table for 3 available at 16:00 on Monday?|Your table for 3 has been reserved on Monday at 16:00 at Jinling Noodle Bar. Your reference number is 3UL0PL4Q. Can I help with anything else today?
Great. i also need to find  a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant and I am looking for a hotel.|Would you also like that in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes, please, so moderately priced hotel in the centre.|I have one listing for cityroomz in the centre of town.
Great, we need that booked as well starting monday for 5 nights.|Will there be three people for the hotel reservation as well?
Yes, I need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is ZXKNH4XD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi.|Your taxi is booked from cityroomz to jinling noodle bar for arrival at your 16:00 reservation. Your taxi is a red Honda. The contact number is 07715873440. Anything else?
No you have been great! Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking fot a hotel, Allenbell.|Hotel Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane The telephone number is 01223210353. Would you like me to book the hotel?
Yes well I would like to book it for 3 nights staring from Wednesday for 4 people.|I'm sorry those times are not available. Is there another hotel you would like to try?
Yes please try another hotel in the same price range.|I booked a room at the Autumn House on Newmarket Road.  The reference number is D7HJJCU8.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel?|There are a total of 18 moderately priced hotels or guesthouses. Do you have a preference as to lodging type? Also, what area are you interested in?
We would like a hotel and free wifi too.|Okay, I was able to find three with that criteria. Can I recommend the Ashley Hotel located on the north side of town?
Does Ashley Hotel have a 0 rating? That's what I'm interested in.|It has 2 stars. There is also cityroomz which has 0 stars.
Could you give me the postcode, address, and number for cityroomz?|Sure.  Cityroomz is located at the Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road, postcode cb12tz.  you can call them at 01223304050.  Can I be of further help to you?
I also need a train for monday.|Certainly! Where will you be traveling?
From Norwich to Cambridge.|Okay great! Do you know when you want to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 13:15 please.|Did you have a specific departure time in mind? You could leave Norwich as early as 05:16 or as late as 11:16 on Monday.
I don't have a preference for leaving.  Could you book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.|I booked 8 tickets on the TR9020 train. The reference number is 111OTIYE
Thanks very much for your help. That's all we needed today!|I'm glad to have been of service, goodbye.
I'm looking to stay at a moderate priced place with free parking.|Both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge fit that bill.  They are both pretty similar, do you have any preference?
Do either of them have a star rating of 4?|No, both of those hotels have 2 star ratings and are located in the north part of town. Do you want a 4 star hotel somewhere else?
I would like a 4 star hotel that is priced moderatly. I don't have preference in the part of town.|I have 9 available but there are no hotels, only guesthouses. Is that okay?
A guesthouse would be fine.|Okay, for how many people how long and when please?
I need to book for 3 people on 3 nights starting tuesday.|The booking for Acorn Guesthouse was successful. The reference number is A3J9JE6H.
Are there any colleges in town? I want to see some.|Education is a core of industry in cambridge, we have 18 college, any preference by area?
No area preference. I would appreciate a recommendation.|i recommend corpus christi. it is in the centre
Ok that sounds good. Could you tell me what the entrance fee is there?|no fee's it is free admission
Perfect, that takes care of me, thanks for your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi there! I'm looking for a 3-star place to say in the south area of town.|I have a moderately priced guesthouse and a relatively expensive hotel, both rated at 3 stars, both with free parking and internet. Want to flip a coin?
No I prefer to go with the moderately priced guesthouse, does it have free wifi?|Yes, free wifi and parking. Can I book it for you?
Not at this time but can you give me the phone number, please?|Sure, the phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also interested in finding something fun to do in the south. Are there any "must see" attractions you suggest?|There are several attractions in the south.  There are a couple nice parks, a theatre, a museum and a nightclub.  Which type would you like to visit?
just any that is inn the same area as the hotel|Ok, how about the byard art museum? It has free admission.
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address, and also how much it will cost?|The cost of the Byard Art Museum is free to get into, the phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
i also need taxi service to get me from bridge guest house to the art museum. i want to leave the hotel by 14:15.|Okay, I have a grey honda booked to pick you up at 14:15.  The contact number is 07602309697.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all I need.|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
i need information of a hotel called allenbell.|Sure, great guesthouse on the east side.  4 stars but still cheap.
Could you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday? I will also need the reference number.|Yes I was able to do this and the reference number is J7S65ALV.
I am also looking for an entertainment place.|Would you like the attraction in the same area as the guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter. What's the entrance fee and area for your favorite entertainment place?|My favorite is Nusha. It's in the south. Unfortunately, I don't have the information on their entrance fee, but I can give you their phone number, if you like.
That would be fine. I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Ok. Thank you and good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|We have quite a few expensive restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as far as area or cuisine type?
Thai food, in the centre of town.|You should try Bangkok City it meets all your criteria and is really great.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book the table.|How many in your party? What day and time would you like to book for?
There are 2 of us.  I need the reservation for 14:30 on Wednesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : ZSDXS5VK.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that is in the same area as the restaurant, is a hotel and includes free parking.|The Gonville hotel is in the same area as the restaurant and has free parking.  Their phone number is 01223366611.
What is the post code for the Gonville Hotel?|Postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a taxi to get me there and back.|Where would you like to depart from?
I want to go from the hotel to the restaurant and need to arrive in time for my reservation. Can you book that and then give me the relevant info?|Your taxi reservation has been booked. You will be picked up by a white Honda at 14:15 at the Gonville Hotel headed to Bangkok City. The Contact number is 07851072379
My visit is all set. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye for now.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.|Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|The Hamilton Lodge has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT.
Can I cancel the reservation with you?|I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.|May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
I am looking for a swimmoingpool in the east. Can you tell me what is available and if they have an entrance fee, please?|The only one is the Abbey Pool & Astroturf Pitch. Unfortunately, I do not have information on the entrance fee. I can give you their number if you like.
That's okay. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Are there any places to book rooms that have both free wifi and free parking, or is it more of a one or the other thing?|There are many hotels that offer both. Which area of town are you interested in and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive hotel and have no preference about location.|I found 5 expensive hotels with free internet and parking.  Huntington Marriott hotel is in the west part of town. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes, can you book that for 6 people staying 3 nights starting Wednesday? I will need the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 8E863IRU. Can I help you with something else?
No, that should be all.  I appreciate your help!|Happy to help! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need to have free parking.|There are quite a number of hotels that fit your description. Any preferences in location or food served?
It should be on the east side, and have free wifi, no food preferences though.|I have 3 results for moderately priced guesthouses on the east side.  All have 4 star ratings and free wifi, do you need parking?
I do not need free parking. Can you book one of them for Thursday? I have 8 people and we need to stay for 2 nights.|Great I was able to book A and B guest house, the reference is VMWIVZV7.
Thank you for your help in booking the hotel for me!|You are welcome. Goodbye!
I also also need a place to eat in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel|Sure I have two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant matching your price and area preference. Do any sound good to you?
I would like to book a table at the Italian restaurant for 8 people on Thursday at 14:45. Can I have the reference number for that as well?|Okay you're all set.  Your reference number is U37O50HC.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|I was able to book a blue honda, phone number is 07521143616
Great thank you for all your help|Not a problem, have a great day!
Hi, I need to find a hotel to stay at. It doesn't need to have wifi.|sure, i have 33 options for you
It needs to be a hotel and include free parking.|I have 8 different options. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
no but should include  free parking|I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, I need 3 people for 3 nights starting saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GWJTWC3Y.
That's all I need today, thank you.|Okay great. Glad i could be of help.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I'd love to help. In the future, these hits require more effort. Want something in the north?
Actually I need a train to Cambridge from Kings lynn on Saturday after 17:00.|The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.
can you book it for 3 and give me the reference number please ?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.52 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7FJ6TZUM.
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the west side of town.|There are three 4 star choices in the west part of town.  Two cheap and one expensive choice.   Do you have a preference?
Price doesn't matter but I need it to be a hotel.|Huntingdon marriott hotel would be great for you. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please. I will also need the reference number.|I'd be happy to help you book that, I will need the day you're arriving, how many people and how many nights?
It will be 3 people and 3 nights|What day would you like your reservations to begin?
That same day that the train is.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is NK5JAGZB, is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|Great. You are welcome to use this service again should you need it.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.|Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.|When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH. What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.|Sure thing, I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG. Will that be all for today?
Yes that was all I needed thank you so much.|You are welcome and have a good trip. Thank you for using  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a place with rated 4 stars in the east.  Can you help me find one that like a guesthouse?|I have found the allenbell guesthouse. It meets all of your criteria, is in the cheap price range, and provides internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need it booked for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday. Can i get a reference number?|The reference number for your booking is KEBFTR7I. Can I do anything else for you?
Thank you, that is it for today.  Goodbye.|Okay, great. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge heading to Leicester|There are quite a few options for this trip. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.|There are 19 entries that match that response. Do you have a preference for time?
Yes. I would prefer to arrive as close to before 21:30 as possible.|TR8207 arrives at 21:06. Would you like to book this train now?
No, I don't want to book it. Could I get the departure time, though?|It will depart at 19:21
Thank you very much, could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for somewhere in the south and it needs to have free parking.|There are 4 different hotels in that area with free parking, did you have a price range in mind?
I don't but the hotel doesn't need to include internet.|The Lensfield Hotel is a three star rated hotel with free parking and internet. Shall I book this for you?
That would be great. I'll need it booked for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday.  Will you provide me with the conformation number when that is complete?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 52B5WQ2U.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
i need a place to stay|Luckily there is something for everyone here. Could you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
2 stars, free parking and WiFi, located in the south, please.|There are no hotels with a 2 star rating that meet your criteria. However, we have several 3 and 4 star options. Would you be interested in one of those?
do you have a 2 star in the east ?|We do. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like their number, or a reservation?
Can you reserve me a room for Friday for 4 people, 2 nights please?|I was able to book you per your request.  Your reference number is : F91TKJ02.
Okay, great. Thank you!|Thank you. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a theatre to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|We have five choice, any preferences?
No, just one you think is the best.|I highly suggest the Junction on Clifton Way.
Sounds great. Can I get the address and phone number please?|They are on Clifton Way. Their phone number is 01223511511
I also need to know what area that is in?|It is in the South part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, one more thing. I need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.|What are the times you would like to leave and/or arrive?
I need to leave Junction on Clifton Way by 7:45 and go to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue skoda
Contact number	:	07267403400
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome, call me in case you need anything else.
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.|I found 12 hotels that match your description. Would you like a specific price range?
I would like a guesthouse that has free parking.|I would suggest the acorn guest house, would you like more info on it?
Yes can you tell me the address please?|Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, shall I book you a room?
Not now, thanks. I do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 17:30.|I'd be happy to assist you in finding a train to Cambridge.  May I please get your place of departure and on which day you wish to travel?
Departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday|Can I book you for train TR9408?
Yes, book for 2 people. And I need the reference number too pleases.|No thank you that will be all
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge. It needs to leave after 15:00.|There are many trains that leave from Cambridge, where are you going and what day would you like to leave?
I need to go to stansted airport and I want to leave on Monday|Ok, there are 9 different trains, did you have an arrival time you needed?
I need to leave after 15:00.|Sure. TR7095 is leaving at 15:40. The price is 10.10 pounds and duration 28 minutes. It'll arive at 16:08. Should we book?
Yes please.  I also need a place to stay, preferably in the west part of town.|In the west, we have four fine lodging establishments. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse please that is not too expensive.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is listed as cheap, and it has 4 stars. Hobson's House is moderately priced, with 3 stars.
Is Finches located in the west and if so, can I please get the postcode?|Yes it is, the post code is cb30nd.
Thank you. That is everything I needed today.|You are welcome and I am glad we could be of help.
I am visiting Cambridge and want to see some entertainment.|There are entertainment attractions in the east, south, and west areas. Which would work best?
Any area is fine|cherry hinton hall and grounds located in the east is a very nice place to visit.
Sounds good, I will give it a try, can I also get a place ot stay with free wifi and parking?|Sure, what area of town would you like to stay in?
Preferably in the north.|what is your price range to narrow down on our choices
I'm open to any price range as long as it meets everything else I need.|There are 2 hotels with 2 stars. There are also 9 guesthouses with 0-, 3- or 4-stars. Which do you prefer?
I think I'd choose one of the hotels.  Either is fine, could you recommend one?  And give me it's price range?|lovell lodge has a moderate price range. is that it?
Yes that will be all, thank you.|you are welcome any time
I need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi that is close to local restaurants.|I have found 29 results for hotels, would you like to narrow them down to a particular location or star rating?
Something in the east would be good!|There are only 6 hotels located in the east that match your request. 5 of which are guesthouses, is that okay?
Any one of them is fine. Please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting from tuesday.|I've successfully booked you 2 nights for 5 guests at the Allenbell, starting Tuesday. Reference number is : 8APE3CJZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need to find a restaurant in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel.|I've found 3 restaurants in that area in the moderate price range. Two are Indian food and one is Italian food. Would one of these work for you?
I would like the address and phone number for both restaurants.|The Indian restaurants are: The Curry Prince, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton cb58jj, phone number 01223566388; and Rajmahal, 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg; phone number 01223244955.
Wonderful, thank you for your time!|It's my pleasure! Have a great day!
Let's find me a cheap eatery in the north part of the town. Thank you.|There are 2 places in the north that are in the cheap price range.  Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria.  Do either sound good to you?
Royal Spice sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 2 at 17:45 on Sunday?|Sure reference number is CH9ZLEFO
I also need a place to stay|Could you tell me what area you would like to stay in, and if you require parking or wifi?
I want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is cheap and in the north, just like my restaurant|I have found the City Centre North B and B guesthouse.  It is cheap and has 0 stars.
Can you tell me the postcode?|Sure. The postcode is cb43ht. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a taxi also.|Okay, please tell me where you will depart from, your destination, and a time that you either wish to leave or arrive by
The hotel to the restaurant....|The taxi booking has been completed! Look out for a yellow bmw the contact number is 07132659323. Anything else I can assist with today?
That does it for now, thank you.|Great.  Thanks for talking to us!
I'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. Can you recommend one?|There are 15 options. Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in? And are you interested in wifi and parking?
I don't care about wifi or parking.  To be honest, I don't care what area it is in, either.  What would you pick?|I would go with the Acorn Guest House if I were choosing a moderately price guesthouse.
Sounds nice. What is the address and postcode please?|The address is 154 Chesterton Rd, the postal code is cb41da, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the west.|There are no boats in the west, can I try something else for you?
Hmm. What about museums?|Cambridge and county folk museum is available, would you like that?
Sure. That sounds good. Can I get their address and postcode please?|Sure their address is 2-3 Castle Street and the postcode is cb30aq
Thanks! I also need a taxi between both locations, please.|Can you tell what time you want to be picked up and at which location?
I want to leave the hotel by 23:15.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07349924614. The car type is a black ford. Can I help you with anything else?
Wow that was fast thanks!  No, that is all I needed.  Hope you have a wonderful day.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and will need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.|There are three hotels which meet your needs, any preferences in area?
Are any of those guesthouses? I don't really care for hotels.|All three of the places I mentioned are guesthouses.  One is in the south, one is in the north, and one is in the west.
Could you see if you could book me a room in one that is moderately priced?|Which area would you prefer?
I do not care,  book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|OK, you have a room booked at the Hamilton Lodge, ref#6ZQBEZBT. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Actually, yes. I am wanting to find out some information on the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|Sure! The jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river and the phone number is 01223302579.
Ok that is all I need today. Thanks, good bye.|Okay glad I could help.
i need a guest house which has free parking|What part of town do you want to stay in?
No specific area. I would like it to have free wifi and 4 stars.|I have 16 entries that are a match. What area would you like the hotel in?
I am not particular as long as it has a 2 star rating, free wifi and is a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, can you just clarify whether you prefer 2 or 4 stars?
Sure, I need a 4 star guesthouse with wifi and parking. The area doesn't matter.|how about the archway, its moderately prices and has free wifi and parking?
That sounds good. I'd like to book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday and lasting 5 nights.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is JAKFVTLQ. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm looking for info on soul tree nightclub.|It's located in the centre. Here's the phone number 01223477900. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street
Can you tell me what type of attraction this is and the entrance fee?|Sure. Soul Tree Nightclub is a nightclub attraction. The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help. That was all I needed.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.|The Archyway House is a guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book for you?
Does it have 4 stars? If so, go ahead and book it!|Sure thing! How many people will be staying, what day to you want your stay to start, and how long?
1 people, 4 nights starting monday. Thanks.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3AHJV6HE.
I am also looking for an attraction in the middle of town.|I can help you with that.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
I would like something with architecture I think.|How about all saints church?
Sure, can you get me the information?|All Saints Church is in the centre area and has free admission.
Can you tell me the address and phone number to the All Saints Church.|Sure the address is jesus lane and the phone number is 01223452587, there is no entrance fee's either.
Cool. Can you have a taxi pick me up at 19:00 at the hotel and take me to the attraction? And i'll need car and contact info|A grey skoda is booked for you and can be reached at 07908464807. How else can I help?
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|You are welcome. It was my pleasure to help you. Goodbye from the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 3 star rating.|Bridge Guesthouse has a three star rating and offers wifi, would you like me to book this place for you?
Can you confirm if the Bridge Guesthouse also has free parking and is in the east?|Bridge Guest House does include free parking but is located in the south. Would you like me to find something in the east instead?
The Bridge guest house would be just fine. Can I get the address, phone and postcode please?|Certainly! The address is 151 hills road phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room for you?
i need a place to stay|What side of town or price range were you looking at?
Price doesn't matter but would like a 4 star hotel in the west that includes free parking.|Yes are you interested in a cheap or expensive place to stay?
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|I have booked you at The Cambridge Belfry hotel. Reference number is : VJSD7MP1. Is there anything else I can do?
Thanks. Can you give me some information about the varsity restaurant?|It is an international restaurant, in the moderate price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please.  I need a reservation for 7 at 12:00 on Tuesday.|I have booked the Varsity Restaurant for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:00. The reference number is: 738I9LRF.
Great, thank you so much!|Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
No thank you! Thanks for all your help!|Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?|I found 15 do you have any other requirements to help narrow it down?
Yes. The guesthouse must include free parking and free wifi.|Carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and internet. It is located in the east with a moderate price range. Will this suit your needs?
Yes it will. Please book it for 4 people staying 3 night starting on Friday.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or for a shorter stay?
Could you tell me if it is available for one night?|I am sorry but the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is not available for one night either, may I check another guesthouse for you?
Yes, please find another moderate guesthouse with free parking and wifi to book.|I'm sorry, I have tried the Hobson House and The acorn guest house for 3 nights.  Could you possibly book a different day to check in?
Do you have any hotels with free wi-fi and parking in the moderate price range?|Yes. i have the Ashley North and the Lovell Lodge.  Do you have a preference?
Hmmm ... let's try booking the Acorn Guesthouse for 1 night? 4 people, arriving Friday.|I'm sorry, but it's not available.
Are there any other hotels available?|How about we try the Lovell Lodge, if that's okay?
That would be fine with me|Lovell lodge does not have availability on Friday either. Would you like to try another guesthouse? Does the area matter? We could try kirkwood house, it is in the north.
Oh dear.  Can you try one more time? Moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 1 night, Friday, 4 people?  I really need this room.|Sorry, I tried all 12 of the avaialble places with those requirements and there is no availability.
Well what about helping me find something to visit in Cambridge? What is there to do on the west side?|I apologize for the trouble earlier. I managed to find you a guesthouse called The Hamilton Lodge and made a successful reservation. The reference number is EL0WI0ZV.
Oh, thank goodness. I was getting worried. Can you recommend any fun things to do in the west side of town?|You could always visit Churchill College.
Okay, what kind of attraction is that? May I have their postcode and phone number please?|Churchill college is a college in the west. The phone number is 01223336233. The postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. You have been very helpful. Thanks!|You're welcome, please enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
I'd like to find a college to visit in the center of town.|I have found 13 of them. Can you please be more specific about what you would like?
You can choose one for me and give me the address.|I recommend Emmanuel college. Their address is saint andrew's street
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to stay with free wifi?|There are 32 hotels that offer free internet, is there a price range or area you prefer?
moderate price range thank you|I narrowed it down to 17.  What part of town would you prefer and do you want free parking?
I would prefer the north please.|I would suggest the acorn guest house it is a great place to stay.
That will be fine. I'll need to book for Saturday, 3 nights, and 1 person.|You're all set! Your reference number is 41BK9PC7.
Actually one more thin, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave at 09:45.|Okay, I booked a yellow honda and their contact number is 07225232221. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be it for today.|No thank you that will be all
Yes, I am looking for a hotel please. I would need free wifi and free parking.|There are 29 hotels with free wifi and parking, do you have a preference on location or price range.
I don't have a preference but I would like it to be 4 stars?|We have to narrow it down. There are 19 hotels. What price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine. I just need a reservation for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.|I was able to book at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is JLDXHEK8. Is there anything else?
No that is all I needed today. Thank you.|You're welcome! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge
Postcode	:	CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.|What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.|At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:45. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.|I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is CIGYXAW9. Do you need anything else?
I would like to book a train out of Cambridge, please.|I'd by happy to help. Where would you like to arrive?
I want to go to london liverpool street.|On what day and time will you be traveling?
Tuesday leaving sometime after 18:45.|Ok, TR 3515 leaves on Tuesday at 19:59. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds great.|How many seats will you need for this trip?
Actually, I can book it separately. But I will need help booking a hotel -- the Lovell Lodge|I can help with that! How many people will be staying, for how long, and which day would you like to arrive?
Thank you! For 3 people, and 3 nights, starting Saturday, please.|I was able to book it, reference number is R72D5LVK.
Thank you for the help, thats all I need today.|You're very welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you I really don't need anything else.|Call back with any questions any time. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay in the south part of town.|I have one hotel and 3 guesthouses in the south. What price range are you interested in?
It would be great if it was an expensive hotel with a 3 star rating.|The lensfield hotel meets all those criteria.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please, We need it for 2 nights starting on Tuesday for 3 people.|I'm sorry, booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes that's fine, can you please stay in the same price range though?|There is nothing in the same price range in the south. Would you like to try another area?
I don't care about the area anymore... Could you please book an expensive 3 star hotel?|I was able to book you at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is LW5YDJUB. Can I help you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I'm hoping you can help me dig up some information about darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|Certainly! Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the Centre of town at 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Thank you! What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223505015.
I also need their postcode, please.|Yes, of course  It's postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a place to stay in the south area, please.|I have several places to stay available in the south.  What price range would you prefer?
I want something expensive.|It looks like the only expensive one in the south is The Lensfield Hotel.  How does that sound?
Yes please book it for Tuesday for 4 nights and for 5 people.|I successfully booked your stay. Your reference number is 8HAW3UL8. Can I do anything else for you?
thats all thanks|Great!  If we can help you with anything else, please let us know.  We hope you enjoy your stay!
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help finding a particular attraction.|Sure what type of attraction can I help you find?
I would like a museum in the west please.|Kettle's yard is found in Castle street. Their entrance fee is free.
Can I get the phone number for that one?|the phone number is 01223748100.
Thank you.  Could you also find a guesthouse with a four star rating and free parking?|Is there a certain area you'd like it to be in or would you like me to make a recommendation?
Whatever you recommend will work. It need it booked for Wednesday, 2 nights, 7 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.|I booked a room at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is P11X2D77.
thanks. you were very helpful. goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for an attraction in the centre that has multiple sports.|i recommend old school  01223332320
Old School is the multiple sports attraction? Great name. What's the address?|The address is Trinity Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a cheap place to eat?|Sure thing what kind of food do you want?
Before we move on, may I get the postcode of Old School? Also, I'd like to find some information on hotel Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge rather than food.|Sure thing! It is cb21tt
book for 2 people and 5 nights from monday|I've made those reservations and your reference number is 19IY1XE1.
Thanks, again. Finally, I need a taxi between the hotel and the Old School attraction, please.|Absolutely, what is the date and time you would like the taxi for?
The same day, I want it to take me between the two places. I'll need to leave the hotel by 10:30.|Booked your taxi, a black ford. Contact number will be 07004802042.
Great, you've handled all my needs for today! Thanks a ton! Bye!|It was my pleasure! Bye until next time!
Where do I get info on hotels?|You can get information here, through our help desk.
A hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. I would like one in the moderate price range.|The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge meet that criteria, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the The Ashley Hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|I was successful in making your reservation. Your reference number is 2W4KNZYJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a boat attraction in the same area.|The Riverboat Georgina would work. It's in the north. Do you need more information?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Okay thank you that is all I need.|Yeah, happy to assist. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I really have to run. I'm late for work. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for any information that you have on the Lensfield hotel in Cambridge.|The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the south of town, with internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Can you also give me the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223355017. How many days will you be staying, what day do you need to arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I'm staying for 2 days and it's just myself. What train can I take to depart from the stansted airport that leaves at 19:30?|I only have trains that leave at 20:24 and later on a Friday from Stansted airport. Will this time and day work for you?
I'm actually looking for something on Saturday. Are there any trains on Saturday that leave at 19:30?|Unfortunately, no trains leave at that time
Is there another day you would like me to check?|There are only 4 trains that leave on Saturday
I just need to find a train that leaves at 19:30 for 5 people|Unfortunately there are no trains that leave at this time.
What are the other 4 times of departure for Saturday. I'll need bookings for 5 people and a reference number.|Alright, I booked 5 tickets for Saturday train your reference number is 1R61PO9r. You can pay for your tickets at the station. Is there anything else?
Nope that should be it thanks.|Glad to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Great, I have several options for you. Two are in the south.
Area does not matter. Pick one for me.|I would recommend the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Can I just get the address for now?|Their address is12 St. Johns Street City Centre.  Was there anything else you needed to know?
I'm also lso looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.|I have 3 that match your criteria, is there an area you are looking to stay in?
No, I do need wifi though.|I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes please book for 1 night 1 person. I also need a taxi to go from the hotel by 14:15 to the restaurant. What is the car & contact number?|What day will you be checking in?
There is no preference.|Unfortunately, to book you a room I would need to know the day you want to start your stay. What day would that be? Then we can get a taxi.
You know what I change my mind. I'll book later. I still need a taxi from University Arms Hotel leaving at 14:15 to the Ugly Duckling.|I have made that taxi and you should expect a red lexus. The contact number for the taxi is 07465471381.
thank you I think that will be all for today.|your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves indian food in the centre.|There are multiple Indian restaurants in the centre. Are you looking for something cheap or something expensive?
I'm not concerned about price, but I need a table for 6 at 12:15 on Sunday.|Curry Garden, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is:  IKOI9CFQ. Will there be anything else today?
Thank you so much. Can you also find me an expensive hotel with free wifi?|There are two hotels near the restaurant you booked, they will meet your needs. Would you like the 3 star or 4 star?
What is the name of the 3 star one?|it is gonville hotel. Need a reservation?
Yes please for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful.Reference number is : NCHKFTG3. what else can i do for you?
That will be all. thank you|Thank you for calling in today.  I hope you have a great stay.
Can you please help me get information on cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a hotel located in the centre area. It is a 0 star hotel and has a moderate price range. They also offer internet. Their phone number is 01223304050
I need to book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday.|Okay, that booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ILVZWKR. Anything else I can do for you?
That's it.  Thanks.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.|I have 12 potential places. Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse please.|That narrows it down to 10 possibilities. Any other preferences you'd like to share?
I would like free parking and to book it for 2 people, 4 nights starting thursday. Just the best place possible.|Unfortunately, all the guesthouses I have found don't have availability for this long of a stay, would you like me to try for a shorter stay?
Yes, let's try for 2 nights instead. I will also need a reference number.|I have booked you a room at acorn guest house. The reference number is 7X4T9188.
Great, can you also help me find a museum called museum of classical archaeology?|Certainly. That's one of our free museums over on the west side of town.
May I have the postcode for the museum please?|Yes, the postcode is cb39da. Anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Can I get the entrance fee also please?|Admission to the museum is free. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, nothing at all.|Ok. Enjoy your time at the museum.
I need a place to stay out in Cambridge. Can you help me book one?|I just need more information to find the perfect place for you. What area are you interested in staying in and the price range?
I need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. Should also be in the east.|I do not have anything there. Any other place you might like or criteria?
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of Cambridge that's in a moderate price range.|I'm afraid there are no hotels that meet those requirements?  Is there anything that isn't important in your search?
I wouldn't mind a guest house as long as it includes free wifi.|Ok, great. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is in the South, has a moderate price range, internet, and 4 stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Actually, can you give me the address, phone number, and tell me if they have free parking?|Yes,I can do that.  They have free parking. Their address is 5 Mowbray Road, post code CB17SR. And their phone number is 01223240089. Anything else?
I am also looking for a college to visit while I'm in town.|Sure. There are no colleges in the south; is there a specific part of town you'd like to tour to visit one?
I'd like to try the north. What do you suggest in that area? Please give me the address, phone number and entrance fees if any.  Thank you!|There are none in the north but there several in the centre and west areas.  Would these areas work for you?
No colleges at all? Yes, please tell me the nicest one you know of.|emmanuel college is quite nice and entry is free. Would you like more information about it?
Can I have the phone number and address?|Yes, I will work on getting that for you and be right back with you.
Ok, thank you.|Ok, I have found the information on emmanuel college for you. the phone # is 01223334200, postal code is cb23ap and it is on saint andrew's st. in the centre.
Is there an entrance fee?|No, there is not an entrance fee to enter the building.  Can I assist with something else?
I need a train to cambridge on saturday|Okay, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 17:45.|I have three options for you, is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
No. I need to book this for 5 people. Please send me the reference number too.|I have you booked on TR3940 Saturday leaving at 19:39 and arriving at 21:07.  The reference number is X56OZZGL and it will be 13.28 GBP at the station.
Great.  I also need a cheap 4-star hotel.|Do you have an area preference? Otherwise, I recommend leverton house on newmarket road.
Is it a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thanks. No need to make a reservation but can I get the postcode please?|The postcode for Leverton House is cb58rs.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
No I think that's all I needed, thanks!|It was a pleasure serving you today. I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need lodging in Cambridge that has free parking. I don't need internet, though. What have you got?|We have 29 entries that match your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I also need free parking included and I would like it to be a hotel.|The ashley hotel in the north has free parking.
The Ashley hotel does not have internet is that correct?|The Ashley hotel does have free wifi.
Oh, that's great! What's the address for The Ashley?|The ashley hotel 74 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book a room.|When would you like your reservation to start, how long would you like to stay, and how many are in your party?
I also need a place to dine serving modern american food in the centre.|before we get to your restaurant inquiry could you give me some information on your hotel stay? When would you be staying? How many days? How many would be joining you?
Actually, I will go ahead and book myself later. But, if you can help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that would be great.|There are many moderate restaurants in the centre but no American restaurant.  Would you be interested in Asian, Brittish, or chinese?
How about a British one then?|The Oak Bistro is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
Yes please. Please book a table for 5 at 12:30 on friday.|Yes I have done that for you and your reference number is BKV4ED6B.
Thank you. I also need to get a taxi to go between the two places.|I have gone ahead and booked that Taxi for you.   The Taxi will be a blue Volkswagen and the Taxi contact number will be 07081400797.
Great thanks! That's all I needed.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre!  Have a nice trip!
I want a hotel with free parking in the center of town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate would be preferred.|I am sorry but there is nothing in the moderate price range.  Would you like another price range?
What about a moderate hotel located in the North?|I have found 9 hotels in north. Do you have any other preferences so we can narrow them down?
No other preferences.  Can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 3 nights starting Friday|I was able to book your party of 6 into Acorn Guest House, reference 1IJ5VMO1. Is there anything more today?
Great I am also looking to go to a museum.|I have found 23 museums. Is there a particular are of the city you interested in?
No, I don't have any preference, other than it's a museum. Could you pick one and give me the area and postcode please?|Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre area and the postal code is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi as well to leave the hotel by 13:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white tesla
Contact number	:	07199782838
anything else i can help you with?
No that was it. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the west part of the town|We have British, Indian or Italian to choose from in that category.  Do you have a preference?
No, I do not have a preference.|I'd recommend the Prezzo. It's an Italian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, we would like a reservation for Wednesday.|Can you tell me how many guests and what time you would like the reservation for?
For 3 people, at 11:30 please.|I've reserved a table for three at 11:30 on Wednesday. Your reference number is HJKOKG94. Is there anything else I can help you find in the area?
I'm looking for information on worth house.|Worth House is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town. They're located at 152 Chesterton Road, cb41da.
I want to book Worth House for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UOVCEW8B.
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the hotel.|What time do you need to be picked up and from where?
I'd like it to go from the Worth House to the Prezzo. It can pick me up any time, as long as it arrives by the booked time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white lexus
Contact number	:	07055220533
I think that is all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you. You do the same!
Hey, I need a moderately priced place to stay.|what area of town could you love to stay?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi.|Seventeen locations meet your criteria. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel is fine whichever you recommend.|I see Ashley Hotel in the North that is a 2 star hotel has free wifi would you like me to book that hotel for you?
Yes, please for 3 people on Monday.|lovely, how many nights will you be staying?
I need to stay for 2 nights with 3 people from Monday.|I was able to book your room for 3 people for 2 nights starting Monday.  The  Reference number is : 5GESSI5X.
Thank you, I'm also looking for some places to go in town. Something along the lines of college, I also need the address and postcode.|Christ's college is located at saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu
Thank you for your help!|Glad to assist, enjoy the rest of your day.
I want to book a train. List all tuesday departures to cambridge.|There are over 200 departures to cambridge on Tuesday, do you have a specific departure place or time?
My departure point is Kings Lynn and I need to arrive at Cambridge by 13:45|TR2616 departs at 09:11 would that work? How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Yes please book that for one person and give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TT953CJR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|What are would you like to stay in?
meh doesn't really matter. just moderately priced...|I also have many pricing options and amenity options. Could you give me some direction?
Good morning. I am planning a visit to Cambridge and need some help with details. I hear there are a lot of places to see.|There are plenty of attractions. What area of town are you interested in?
I am interested in the east part of town.|There are 10 different attractions on the east side. There's a boat, a couple of entertainment venues, a few museums, a multiple sports complex, a park, and a swimming pool.
Great!   What I really need is a guesthouse in the East,  What do you have available?|There are 6 guesthouses in the east area. What price range are you looking for?
Price does not matter but it needs to have free parking.|5 places offer, I recommend warkworth house, would you like me to book you?
I would like to book for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Monday|The booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a preference for another day?
See if you can book 2 nights, please.|A reservation for 2 nights was no problem. Your reference number is OZ6M16DN.
Okay, what attractions are nearby the hotel?|what kind of attraction would you like? there are plenty
Take your pick. I am open to anything as long as it is in the east area.|I would recommend the funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and reachable at 01223304705
Alright I'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, I'll most likely leave the fun house at 6:00.|Alright it is done, look for a white toyota. The contact number is 07951320030 if you have any further questions.
Fantastic, you've been a great help!|Glad to be of service to you, Good bye.
Hello, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.|Please give me the name of the location.
looking for lensfield hotel, kindly find out whether it has internet and the area|the lensfield hotel is in the south part of town and has internet.  Would you like their phone number.
no but am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre|i recommend gonville and caius college	located intrinity street,cb21ta. do you need the phone number?
Yes I would like the phone number.|The college can be reached at 01223332400. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I also need a taxi to get to the college. I want to leave my hotel at 04:45.|A black honda will pick you up at that time, if you have any other questions you can contact them at 07444688519.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That's all I will be needing for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15?|sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
Our reunion is on Tuesday so I want to leave that day.|Great!  I can help you with that.  Where would you like to leave from?
Kings lynn. Please give me the price, travel time, and train ID|I have two lines. 22:11 is the closest to your departure. Does that work for you?
Sounds good to me. Oh, and I'm also looking for a place to stay.|The TR9704 train leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11. The travel time is 47 minutes.  The price is 9.80 pounds. Do you know the area you'd like to stay?
No, area doesn't matter.  I do want a 4 star guesthouse though.|I have many to choose from. What area do you prefer?
No specific area but i do need free wifi and need it to be in the moderate price range.|There are 11 locations, would you prefer one with parking included?
it doesn't matter book a room for 3 for 1 night the same day, and I'll need the reference number too please|Okay i booked you at the Acorn and your reference number is G5FTA5L5.
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!|Thanks so much that is great.
I will certainly use Cambridge TownInfo again. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I going to be staying in the centre part of town, what is there to do at that area?|There's a lot of popular attractions in the centre of town, including boating, cinema, museums, nightclubs, and much more. Do you have a specific preference?
No, I don't have a preference. What's a good place to go to?|I would suggest the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology.  It is located at University of Cambridge, Downing Street and has free admission.
May I get the postcode, phone number for that attraction?|Yes, the postcode is cb23dz. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like information about the Alpha Milton guest house.|alpha-milton guest house is a moderate priced 3 start guesthouse in the north, it does not have free internet or parking. They are located at 63 milton road.
That sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on saturday for 5 nights.|You are all set, the reference number is C3JA0EZJ, any further questions today?
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the museum to the hotel. If possible, I'd like to leave the museum no later than 24:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey ford
Contact number	:	07511988882
Great. Thank you, that will be all for now. Have a great day.|Okay. Thank you very much.
I'd like to find hotels in the cheap price range that offer free wifi.|There is one hotel that matches your search. It is the cambridge belfry in the west area. Can I book that for you?
No thank you, just the address and phone number please.|They are located on back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book it for me. 3 people, 4 nights, Sunday. Reference number, please.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1CU5LU5X. is there anything else i can help?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to eat in the north.  Same price range as my hotel.|There are 2 choices - would you prefer indian or Italian food?
I would prefer italian.|da vinci pizzeria serves italian food it is in the north of town
OK, I will need to make a reservation for the same group of people at 12:45 on that same day.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : 7J5INWLY. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help.|It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves British food?|There are 6 matches, do you have a location preference?
Is one of them located in Centre? I will be staying over there and would like something close.|The Fitzbillies Restaurant is located in the city's centre at 51 Trumpington Street.  The phone number is 01223352500.
Thank you very much for the assistance.|Would you like a reservation?
No. I am also looking for a hotel. Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is on 56 saint barnabas road? Would you like me to book it?
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 6 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : QVRVE9AS. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all for today. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
I need to find a hotel to stay in, some place with free parking. Thank you.|i have 29 options for you
Okay, thank you! I would like a 4-star hotel.|That narrowed it down some, but we still have plenty of options available.  Is there anything else you're looking for like a certain price range or maybe internet?
Any place in the south area of town?|I found two 4-star hotels in that area: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Yes the first hotel will do great, I need to book for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : PZ6RF1H0. is there anything else i could help you with?
I would also like to find a pricey Gastropub,|There are three expensive gastropub restaurants. Would you rather be in the centre or the east?
I would prefer the south.|Unfortunately the only restaurants that meet your criteria are in the centre or the east.
Can you look again? I thought I saw one in the south area the last time I was in town.|There are none in the south side of town.
Can you check all the gastropubs in town?|There are 4 gastropub restaurants in town. Three are located in the centre, one is in the east. Three are expensive, and one is moderate.
I'm sorry, I need a restaurant in the south.|There are no gastropub restaurants in the south. Would you like a different kind of food?
Yes, let's try an Italian restaurant in the south, please. There should be one.|I have two Italian restaurants in south. We have the pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with frankie and bennys. Do you have their phone number and address?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223412430 located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?|I can book a taxi but I need to know where you need to be picked up and dropped off. Is there a certain time?
I need to leave the hotel by 6 and head to the restaurant.|I have booked you with a red honda taxi. Their phone number is 07534551524. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, you were helpful|Thank you, any have a great day.
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.|I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.|Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.|I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
I am also looking for a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses in the city to choose from. Do you have an idea of what part of town you'd like to stay in or what your price range is?
I definitely need free parking also, please.|There are 21 guesthouses fitting your requirements in all areas. The guesthouses are in both the cheap and moderate price ranges.
I want it to be 4 stars and moderately priced|I have the Acorn Guest House that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
No, not right now but do you have their address handy?|Sure, they are located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Do you need any further assistance today?
No thank you. I appreciate all you have done to help me.|Your welcome. If you change your mind and want reservations, feel free to contact us again.
Of course I will.  Thank you also.|You are welcome enjoy.
Can you help me find a hotel in the North part of Cambridge?|I have two moderately priced hotels in the north for you.  The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one?
Does it have internet?|They do both have internet.
I would like to book the Ashley Hotel.|Great I can take care of that.  How many people?  How long will you be there and when will your stay start?
There will be 7 of us arriving Sunday.  We will be staying 3 nights.|I was able to book the room for you the reference number is HQKA3TBW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am needing a restaurant that is the same price range as my hotel and in the same area.|There are two; The Golden Wok which is a Chinese place, and The Nirala, with Indian cuisine. Which would you prefer?
I will go with The Nirala since I love Indian food. Please book it for 11:00 for the 7 of us on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : E4J0YE8W. Anything else.
Yes, I want a taxi too. I'll need contact number and car type. It should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by 11:00|Okay, be on the lookout for a grey honda. The contact # is 07374179224
thanks very much to you! I am done now. Farewell!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hello. I am looking for a hotel that is cheap and also has a 2 star rating.|There are no hotels that fit that criteria would you like to try something else?
No, I really need a hotel. It should be cheap with two stars. I don't care what  area of town it is in.|There are zero hotels matching those requirements.
Ok, then I guess I will need to be more flexible with my budget. How about a 2 star hotel that is moderately priced?|We have 2 options in the north with 2 stars in the moderate price range - ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Um, i like the sounds of the lovell lodge. Can you give me a phone number?|Yes certainly that would be 01223425478.
I also need a train that leaves Ely after 8:30.|What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and I'll be going to Cambridge.|TR4212 leaves at 09:35, would you me to book you?
What time would I be arriving in Cambridge? What would my travel time be? Thanks.|You would arrive at 09:52. The ride is only 19 minutes.
Thanks! That's all I need.|Have a great trip!
Thanks and goodbye!|Have a great time!
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge|There are 110 place to dine in Cambridge. May I narrow the search by area, price range, and/or cuisine?
I would like a place in the centre of town, serves Indian food and on the expensive side.|The Curry Garden is an expensive restaurant located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
I will call them, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great rest of your day!
I am also looking for a hotel called the University Arms Hotel.|I found it. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like to book 5 nights starting Wednesday for 6 people. May I also have the reference number please.|Okay great! Your booking was successful. Your reference number is HMUH9F2T.
Great, can I also get a taxi as well.|Certainly! Is there any particular place you would like the Taxi to pick you up?
Yes from the restaurant to my hotel. I need to leave the restaurant by 17:00.|OK, we can get you a Blue Honda at 17:00 from the restaurant to the hotel .
Great, thanks. Could you give me their contact number?|Sure thing. Their contact number is 07128800156. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not at this time but your help has been appreciated.|Great, thank you for using our system!
Hello i'm looking for places to go in cambridge please.|The Cineworld Cinema is located south at Cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there a specific activity you had in mind?
I need a place in the centre.|All Saints Church is in the centre area. The entrance fee is free. Would you like to book that?
Yes, can I get the postcode.|Certainly. All Saints Church is in postcode cb58bs. Can I help you with something else today?
Yes please, we'll be needing somewhere to stay the night. What can you tell me about the Cambridge Belfry? I've heard it's pretty nice, is that true?|It is four stars. What else would you like to know?
Does it have free parking?|The Cambridge Belfry does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, but could I please get the address for the hotel?|The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne.  The phone number is 01954714600 and postcode cb236bw.  Is the anything else I can help with?
No that's it, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
Have a nice day!|Thank you. Have a nice day as well. Good bye.
Yes. I need a hotel with free parking. I would like it in the moderate price range.|We have quite a few of those. Do you have any other preferences? Price range, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.|There are 14 hotels that meet your criteria, do you have a preference in the area?
No I don't care about the area, but I do want a hotel and not a guest house.|Ashley hotel is a hotel located in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range. It also offers free parking and internet. Does this suit you?
That sounds good, can you also provide me with the star rating for it? Thanks|The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. Any suggestions for something fun?|There is a museum on 98 King Street named Broughton House Gallery.
That sounds interesting! May I have their phone number please? And what is the fee to get in?|Yes, their number is 01223314960 and the entry fee is free
I will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the Ashley hotel and Broughton House.|I am sorry. There must have been a system glitch. The phone number for the broughton house gallery is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for correcting that. Can you book a taxi for me? I'd like to go from the Broughton House to the hotel, and leave by 5:30.|I booked you a yellow volkswagen and their number is 07162096037
Thank you! I have everything I need now.|Okay great. Do not hesitate to call us if there is anything else you need.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different?
Oh no.  Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?|I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.|The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.|What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|When would you like to arrive?
I need to leaver sometime after 11:30.|want to know the price?
No thank you, but I do need to know the travel time please.|Travel time would be 60 mintues
Okay. That's all I need. Thanks and bye!|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
I need a place to stay in cambridge that has wifi, and free parking please.|There are 29 places that match your request. Would you have a price range in mind or type of place?
The price range should be expensive and it should be a hotel.|There are 5 hotels that match your request. Was there a specific area you wanted to narrow it down to? We have hotels east, west, south, and in the centre,
I will take something in the centre of town. How many stars does that one have?|There are two hotels that meet your request. Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would one of these work for you?
Yes those are fine. I also need find an attraction in the centre of town to visit.|We have 44 attractions to choose from. Is there anything specific that you would like to see?
Anything will do, but I would like the address, entrance fee, and attraction type of whatever you pick.|all saints church is found in the jesus lane and entrance fee is free. its postal code is cb58bs
I need to find a train going to londons kings cross that would arrive by 17:15|I have 21 trains that match your request. Where will you be departing from?
Leaving Cambridge this coming Sunday.|I'm sorry, we don't have any trains arriving by 17:15. The earliest train will arrive at london kings cross at 19:51. Do you need anything else?
No thanks.  Go ahead and book the train for 4 people and please provide the reference number.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : UMS71SR7.  Your train will leave at 19:00.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay.|Any particular area you would like to stay?
In the East part of town, please. I need free WiFi.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
i dont mind either.|We have seven places, any preference on price or rating?
I need a 4 star place that has free wifi.|Okay! What price range would you like?
I don't really have a preference.|Ok. We've narrowed to 6 options. Do you want parking?
No parking is not a concern of mine.|Would you like to try allenbell?
Yes, please book me for 4 people, for 5 night starting on Tuesday.|I have made those reservations and the reference number is  I4K0OYPF.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yeah, could you find me a train? I'm in Cambridge, and I'd like to go over to Birmingham New Street.|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to go?
Yes, I'd like to leave after 21:00 on Wednesday.|I have a train that departs at 21:01 and two more each a hour later than the first. Which train would you like to book?
I will take the 21:01. the ticket is just for me and I would like a reference number after the booking is completed.|I have successfully booked you for the TR7935 train leaving at 21:01. Your reference number is E9ZIOMAN.
Great, thank you! I'd like to find a place to stay, too. I'm thinking of something in the moderate range with free parking. Any ideas?|I have 12 guesthouse and 2 hotels in that range. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 4 stars?|I have 3 in the north, 1 in the south, and 1 in the east.
I'll take whichever one doesn't include Internet.|It looks like all 9 choices do include Internet. Would you be willing to use one of those?
Would you like to book one of those today?|I could certainly help you book one if you don't mind that it has internet. Would you like to try the Acorn Guest House?
Okay, let's try that one.|What day would you like to book the hotel for?
Does it have four stars?|Yes, it has 4 stars and includes free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can I have the postcode and phone number please?|Sure, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.  Can I help with anything else today?
No that sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, i want an expensive place to stay in the town centre please.|There are 2 places, gonville hotel and university arms hotel, any other preference or questions before I book?
Yes, do either include free wifi or free parking?|Yes, both of them have free wifi & parking.  Would you like to book this for you? Just tell me which hotel you prefer.
Book the gonville hotel for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday. May I have the reference number too?|I have booked your hotel. Your reservation number is C0ASBZHA
Thank you! I'm also looking for some places to go around the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?|I would recommend the All Saints Church in that area. Would you like more information regarding it?
Could I get the address, postcode and attraction type?|Sure! It's architecture in the centre of town.It has postcode to cb58bs
Thank you very much. I think that's all.|Well, thank you for booking through our service. Have a pleasant day!
I'm visiting the north side of Cambridge, can you help me find a hotel there?|We have a few 2 star hotels with free internet and parking.  Can I get information on one of those?
Are there any 4 star?|I'm sorry no there is not. May I search gain with different criteria?
How about Guesthouse, instead?|Ah, there are a number of guesthouses with 4 stars in the north. Do you need free internet or parking?
Internet or parking doesn't matter. Which guesthouse do you recommend?|I recommend Archway House. They are located at 52 Gilbert Road in postcode CB43PE. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please. There will be 5 of us for 4 nights, starting on Monday.|You're all ready to go. Reference number is 3CM9X6CQ. Anything else I can help you with?
I would also like some help finding info on the La Margherita restaurant.|I will look that up for you.
It has been a few minutes and I swear I hear snoring on the other end, are you there?  Can I get that info?|I've located LA Margherita.  What information would you like about the restaurant?
I need to book it for the same group the same day at 20:00|I was able to book it, reference number is 4IOG1MD6.
Great.  I was also interested in getting a taxi, can you help me with that?|Absolutely! From where to where?
I would like to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I'd like to be at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay what time is that?
That time is 20:00.|Okay! I've booked you a white Ford. The contact number is 07081197533. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is OK for today|Okay, well if you think of anything else, you know where to find me! Otherwise, have a wonderful trip!
I'd like to go to an attraction in the east side of town.|There are 10 different attractions on the East side of town. Would you like to go to Funky Fun House? It is an entertainment attraction.
That sounds great. Do you have a contact number for them?|Certainly, the phone number for the funky fun house is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like to stay in an expensive place. It should be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I have found 33 hotels for you to consider.  Would you like it be located in the East part of town?
No I need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 4 nights, starting saturday|There is one hotel that fits your description, but it isn't available for 4 days.  Could you change arrival day or length of time?
How about one night?|Great, i have booked express by holiday inn cambridge for 7 people for 1 night starting Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5AGSV9JB. May I help with anything else?
i want a taxi to leave the hotel by 7:45. Please include contact number and car type|Sure I was able to book you a grey Volkswagen for 7:30 and your contact number is 07956540590.
Great. That is all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Okay thank you.
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.|Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.|I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.|I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.|The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I'll need it for Sunday for 2 nights and 4 people.|You are booked for 2 night for 4 people starting Sunday at the Lensfield Hotel. Your reference # is ICM07YWC. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything for me, thank you! Bye!|You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day, goodbye!
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.|From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30.|the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.|Do you need parking at the hotel?
i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 4-star|We have several that might suit you. The Cambridge Belfry is quite economically priced in the west, and there are also The Huntingdon Marriott and the University Arms.
I'm looking for a cheap one, which hotels fit into that price range?|The cambridge belfry is in the west and cheap. Would you like to me to book that for you?
What type of hotel is it and what is the postcode?|It is a regular hotel and the postcode is cb236bw. Would this one interest you?
Maybe, I'll decide once I get there. Speaking of which, can you help me with a train to Cambridge?|Sure I can help with that, what time would you like the tickets for and how many?
I'd like to leave after 10:30 and depart from birmingham new street on Tuesday.|Train TR0734 leaves at 12:40.  Can I book you a seat on it?
Yes, actually I'd like to book 7 seats on it.|Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : N680OYGM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I believe that will do it. Thanks for your help!|You're so welcome. Goodbye!
Is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on friday? Thankyou.|There are several, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street?|Train TR5154 leaves Friday to London Liverpool Street at 5:59 and arrives by 7:27. Would you like me to book this for you?
That works. I just need one ticket.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 0XOVBBAJ. Will there be anything else today?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating, I hate dirty hotels, don't you?|What area would you like to be in?
I am interested in staying in the south.|I found 2 guesthouses in the South both have a 4 star rating. There are two price ranges cheap and moderate, which do you prefer?
I have no preference. I need to book a room for 2 nights starting wednesday.|I suggest rosa's b ed and breakfast. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please and let me know if the booking is successful.|How many people will be staying?
Just 1 will be staying there. I do need the reference number.|Your reference number is VFXJ5FEM.
Ok thank you that is all I needed.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Hello, we're planning on a trip to Cambridge and would like lodging info.  Can you tell us if there is a hotel in the economical range near the centre?|Unfortunately, there are no economical hotels in the centre of Cambridge. Would you like to look in a different area?
Really? Not even a guest house?|Yes, there are no accommodations available that fit that criteria. Would you like to choose something else?
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the centre.|There are two cheap guesthouses located in the centre.  My recommendation would be Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Sounds great! Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday?|Your booking was successful at the Alexander bed and breakfast. The reference number is F9VVA2GL.
Thank, you goodbye|Welcome ,  have a lovely day too.
I am looking for a cheap hotel in Cambridge.|There are 10 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
i'm looking for the centre area.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has a four star rating and matches your specifications. Would you like to book a stay there?
No, I'm not sure but I would like their address and telephone number and can you tell me what star rating this hotel has?|It's a 4 star hotel. The address is 56 saint barnabas road and the phone number is 01223525725. Any else I can do for you?
Yes I would like to book it from Tuesday for 2 nights for 7 people. Can you do that for me and provide a reference number?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : NZXPP6O5.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the area that serves american food|I was not able to find any American restaurants in that area, do you have another type of food you would like?
What about Italian?|Certainly we have 9 Italian restaurants in this area, do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a table for 7 at 12:00 on Tuesday|Great. I have booked you at Zizzi Cambridge. The reference number is BRX4ES4L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a hotel on the west side of Cambridge.|I have found 4 results for hotels in the west side.  Do you have a particular price range that you're looking for?
I would like a moderate rate please.|That would be hobsons house would you like to book that?
I would like to book a room at the hotel for 8 people for three nights please.|Certainly, what day you will be arriving?
I'll be starting on thursday.|Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is W4QYZ0UK.
Thank you.  Do you have information on City Stop Restaurant?|Yes. It is european cuisine located in the north area of town with and expensive price range.
Can you tell me their postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb41uy.
Thank you that's all I needed|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I need a place to stay, some place with 4 stars and in the north.|There are number of moderately priced options and one that falls in the cheap price range. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like one in the moderate range.|Archway House is a very nice 4 star guesthouse in the area that is moderately priced.  Would you like to book a stay?
I think that one works. No need to book.|Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, tell me if the Archway House has free parking and please get me their postcode|The postal code is cb43pe.  Yes, it does have free parking.  Is there something else I can assist you with?
Can you help me find a nightclub to visit somewhere in the north?|I don't have any in the north, but I have several in the centre. Would you like to try one of those?
No, I want to stay in the same area. How about a park?|There is one park in the north. Would you like the info?
Yes. Could I get the entrance fee and phone number please?|Sure! Milton County Park is free, and their phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the hotel by 2:30 please.|I was able to find a taxi to take you from the hotel to the park. It will be a yellow volvo phone number is 07803372639.
That is all I needed today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay, that is a 2 star hotel on the east side|express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel in the east.
Is it expensive and does it have free parking?|It is expensive and it has free parking.
Okay, great! What's the address and postcode for that place?|The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park, and the postcode is cb13lh.
Can I have their phone number please?|Sure. There phone number is 01223866800. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. That's all I needed.|Thank you for using our service & have a good day!
I need a restaurant that serves Irish food and is in centre of Cambridge|Unfortunately no restaurant matches that search criteria. Could you like to look at other areas?
Any restaurant then I guess will have to do located in the centre that is moderately priced. Are you SURE their aren't' any Irish restaurants?|There a no Irish places in the centre, in that price range, nor any in town. Shall I try some British food?
Yes please try British.|I'm sorry.  I'm not showing any British restaurants in the centre of town, either?  Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of food?
Ok, anything british will do. I need to book a table for 8 people on Monday at 15:30.|restaurant one seven is in the centre and its serves british food and it's in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Please. And can I have the confirmation number as well? Can you tell me if that is 3 stars?|No, these restaurants aren't graded with stars.  But I do have a reservation for you. The reference number is U3AG4VDD. Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I would like a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. I'm not driing so I don't need free parking.|cityroomz hotel in the center is moderately priced.  It's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.  phone number is 01223304050.  shall I book it for you?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect.|Ok how many people and how many nights?
just me for one night please|And will you also be checking in on Monday?
Yes and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?|They do. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, may I confirm the address of this hotel please?|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Great. That is all the information I need. I will book the room later on my own. Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system.
What sort of dining does Cambridge offer in the centre, in the moderate price range?|There are 21 different choices. What kind of food are you looking for?
I would like some christmas food.|I'm sorry. I could not find a restaurant that meets that criteria.  Would you like to try something else?
How about somewhere with Lebanese food?|Yes, there is a moderately priced Lebanese restaraunt in the centre named Ali Baba.  How does that sound?
That will work can you make a reservation and send me the reference number please?|of course, what day shall i make the reservation for?
Tuesday please at 18:15 for 6 people.|Your table at Ali Baba is booked, reference #NYH3ZPQN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I 'd like to find a hotel in the same area, one with three stars.|We have an expensive hotel called gonville hotel with free internet and parking. Would you be interested in booking a room here?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people?|Your booking at the Gonville Hotel was successful. The reference number is FHD472H3. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, you have been very helpful.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!
A hotel in the north with free parking, please.|I have 5 hotels that meet your needs 2 are moderately priced and 3 are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
Is there any with a 4 star rating and includes free wifi?|Unfortunately there are none on the north side of town that fit your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of the city?
No thank you.|I have Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge on the North side of town. They both have free wifi and parking. Can I book one of those for you?
Do either of those have 4 star ratings?|No, I'm sorry.  There are several guesthouses with 4 stars.  Kirkwood House is in the north and has fee parking and WiFi.  Can I reserve a room?
What is Kirkwood House's address, postcode, and price range?|Kirkwood house is a moderately priced hotel and its address is 172 chesterton road, cb41da.
Thank you for the help, that's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a nice stay!
I'm looking for lodgings on the east side, in the expensive price range.|The Express by Holiday Inn is located at 15-17 Norman Way int he Coldhams Business Park which is located in the east.
it doesn't need a free parking. Can you book a room for me?|Yes, how many people and what day would you like to book?
I do not need to book.|Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I just need to know the how many stars it has, the phone number there, and if they have WiFi.|Sure, it has two stars, includes wifi, and the phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with any thing else today?
I am also trying to find a Venetian restaurant.  Are there any in town?|Yes, we have thanh binh on the West side. Would you like a reservation?
Please book it for me.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Can you make a reservation for Monday at 19:30 for 8 people?|Absolutely. Anything else I can assist you with?
Um I think you're getting ahead of yourself? I'm still waiting on that reference number for the booking you said you'd complete....|Unfortunately I can't get that booking for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Oh...alright...well I guess not then. You weren't very helpful but whatever bye|I am sorry for the delay. Also, there are no Venetian restaurants. Did you want a Vietnamese restaurant instead?
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.|Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.|When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH. What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.|Sure thing, I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG. Will that be all for today?
I want a place to stay with 3 stars.|There are six 3-star options. What part of town are you visiting? I'd be happy to book your stay.
I'd like one with free parking, located in the north area, and is a guesthouse.|The Hamilton Lodge is perfect for you. It is located at 156 chesterton road and you can call in at 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book for 5 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.|I've booked your stay at the Hamilton Lodge for 5 people, staying for 4 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is 14HU38D9
Thank you that is all I need today.|Thank you for letting us help.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! What can i help you find?
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the West and cheap|The Cambridge Belfry is the only place that matches all of your criteria. Would you like to reserve a room?
I'm not sure yet. Does it have free parking?|It does have free parking and wifi.
Ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. I'll need it from Monday please.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is C505YX1I. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street. Can you find me one?|Absolutely,  What time would you like to leave?  And, I assume you will be leaving from Cambridge?
The train should arrive by 14:15|Ok there is one leaving earlier i will book it for and send you the infomation
I need a place to stay that is cheap.|I found a 4 star hotel in the east area that is cheap. It's called the allenbell, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually want a 0 star location and with free parking too|Sorry there are no hotels that meet that criteria. Can I try a different area for you?
I don't care what part of town it is in.|The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. There will be 5 people for 5 nights and we will be arriving on Wednesday.|Your booking was successful. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the reference number?|Reference number is : YBUKJ2IZ. Would you like restaurant reservations or information on area attractions?
Nope, that's it.  Thanks!|Glad I could help. Thank you
Hello. I'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings in the city centre?|All saints church and great saint Mary's church are both great options.
Can I get the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee for all saints church?|It's on Jesus Lane, cb58bs. Their phone number is 01223452587. The church is free to enter. Can I help with anything else?
I would need a hotel also.|I can certainly help with that! What area of town interests you, and do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a particular area or price range, but I would like it to be a guesthouse with 4 stars.|The acorn is in the north, it is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does that guesthouse have free parking and internet?|It does, would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book for 4 people, for 4 nights, starting from Tuesday. I'd like to get the reference number, please?|booking was a success! confirmation is IFNJYW3X.
Thank you, that is all for now. You have been wonderful.|Have a nice stay.  Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the west.|We have several places to stay that you may like in the West.  Do you have a specific price range or star rating in mind?
I would like to find a cheap guesthouse.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is within your chosen price range and it is located at 144 thornton road.
What is the star rating and is free parking available?|It's 4 stars and has free parking. Would you like a room?
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb30nd.  Would you like to book a room now?
Yes can you please help with that?|Absolutely. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights will you be staying?
No actually I need to find a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Saturday arriving by 19:45.|Okay the TR8600 arrives by 19:35. Would you like tickets?
How long is the travel time, departure time and what is the price?|The TR8600 Departs Norwich at 18:16, and it takes 79 minutes to get to Cambridge. The fare is 14.08 GBP per ticket. Is there anythig else you want to know?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|enjoy your stay!
You can help me find a cheap hotel in Cambridge that includes free wifi.|There is one option, the caridge belfrey, despite being cheap in price it is 4 stars.  Would you like me to book you?
Is this hotel a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse. Would you like to book there?
I need in the east area also, is that one in the east?  I'll need the address and postcode.|Hmm, that's interesting. When I double checked "Caridge Belfrey", no entry came up. How about Autumn House instead?
As long as Autumn House meets my criteria of being a guesthouse in the east area with free wifi and cheap, then I am interested.|The address for autumn house is 710 newmarket road. The phone is 01223575122. Would you like me to make the booking?
Yes, please make the booking for October 30th. But, do make sure they have wifi, please. What are their fees?|How many people and for how many days?
Actually I wouldn't like a booking. I just needed the information. However, I would like to go to an attraction in the same area as the hotel please?|there are quite a few in the east. We have museum's, a boat and entertainment do you have a preference?
A museum sounds good. Could you pick one and give me the address and entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is wonderful and has free admission.  The address is 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef.
That's perfect, thanks!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need information to find the huntingdon marriott hotel.|What type of information do you need?
I need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. Could you book a room for me for 6 people on monday for 5 nights please?|Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find another hotel for you?
I suppose so. Another hotel in the same general price range, if you can.|You are booked at express by holiday inn cambridge. Reference number: FGSTOTPY.
That was helpful! Thank you goodbye.|Do you need anything else?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east part of town.|No problem. We have 3 guesthouses that match that. Do you have a further preference?
I would like one that it relatively cheap and located in the east part of town.|Well, there's the Autumn House, would you like to give that a try?
Is that a 4-star place? I would like a 4-star place, even though I need it to be cheap.|Yes, the Autumn House is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse. Free wifi and parking are included. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode, and also I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Kings Lynn as well.|The postcode for the autumn house is cb58rs.  There are 133 trains travelling from Cambridge to kings lynn. Could you be more specific on what day/time you're looking for?
The train should leave Monday after 17:45.|Trains run every hour from 18:11 all the way to 23:11. If you don't have a preference, perhaps I can book you the 18:11 train? It arrives at 18:58.
Yes, go ahead and book 4 tickets for me on that train! Once that is done, can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Y9FTRIGK. Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all thanks|No problem. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi- I need a place to stay that that includes free parking in the north end of Cambridge|Okay. We've got eleven matches for that description. Do you have a star rating you'd like to stay within?
No, I don't care about that really.  I'd like an expensive place though.|I'm not showing any that are listed as expensive.  There are several moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses.  Would that fit your needs?
Yes, I guess I can live with that.|How about the Acorn Guest House?  It's a 4 star hotel with internet and parking.
Ok and what is their phone number?|The phone number is 0122335388.  Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any attractions in town to visit that you suggest? Do you have anything with boats near the hotel?|There is one. riverboat georgina. 01223902091 is their phone number. Is there anything else?
Yeah I need their address as well.|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I'm going to need a taxi to get me from my hotel to the riverboat.|When do you want to leave?
I need to leave the hotel by 08:00.|I have booked your taxi look for a red toyota with a contact number of 07669245268.
Thank you so much for all your help!|You are welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the center of town that has free wifi.|I have five matches for your requirements. Do you have preferences for price range or quality ratings? For example, the Alexander B&B is inexpensive, but rated 4 stars.
By chance, is that a guesthouse? And does it offer free wifi and parking?|Yes, the Alexander B&B is a guest house, and offers both free WiFi and free parking.
Wonderful. Can you book a room for 6 people coming in on Friday for 5 nights?|That booking was successful, your reference number is 3KW6V911. Is there anything else I can help do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Bye.|Thank you booking with us. Have a great stay.
Are there any trains on Monday?|Yes, there are 404 of them. Where are you heading?
I'm heading to cambridge from peterborough.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I want to arrive at 19:45. I would like a ticket for 1 person.|I have several trains available arriving by that time.  What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive by 19:45. After you book me a ticket can you provide me with the reference number please.|I have booked train TR7917 and it leaves at 18:48. The reference number is 78GFL146.
I also need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at. Internet and parking are not important to me.|Well I have several options that are all moderately priced. What area of town would you like to stay in?
ANy area is fine, I'll go with what you recommend.|I found you the hobsons house in the west side of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book it and send me the reference number.|when would you like to check in and for how long will you be staying?
I would like to book for 1 person monday for 3 nights.|You are booked on Monday for 3 nights for one person.  Reference number is:  FZKBQY6I.
Wonderful, thank you!|you are welcome. I am glad I could assist.
Thank you that is all the help I need today.|Okay great. I am glad I could assist you today.
Thanks. Goodbye for now.|good day too and thank you
Can you help me find Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Thanks.|Sure, it's located at 82 arbury road. Do you want their phone number?
Yes I need to know whether they have free parking, star of the hotel, and phone number.|The arbury lodge guesthouse is a 4 star hotel that offers free parking. You can reach their front desk at 01223364319. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant. I'd like it to serve expensive bistro food.|There are none that serve that sort. Is there another kind you would like?
Is there a cheaper bistro?|Unfortunately not. Is there another type of music you would like?
Okay how about Thai food?|I would rater have some chinese please.
What is the address and post code of the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?|The address is 82 arbury road postcode cb42je.
Sorry for digressing. I am still looking for an expensive Thai restaurant in the center of town. Can you check?|bangkok city fits your description. can we book for you?
Can I get their address and postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23jx	and their address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi, please.|Certainly, from what location to what location?
From the restaurant to the hotel.|I can take care of that for you.  What time would you like to be picked up?
I would like to be picked up by 01:15 if at all possible, thanks.|Taxi has been books. It will be a blue tesla, contact number 07585251090. Have you made a decision on type of food you would like?
Thanks for the help.|Are you wanting a reservation for Bangkok City for thai?
No, I just needed the information on that, I am all set.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Ok, have a great day!
I want to check out a theater in the south area of cambridge.|There is one theater located in southern Cambridge. The Junction is located on Clifton Way, cb17gx. You may can 21223511511 for more information.,
What is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately I don't have that information. But, again, you could call them at 01223511511 for that information.
What is the postcode?|Postal code is cb17gx, the address is clifton way.
Can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the centre, that has free internet and free parking?|There are not any in the area that match your requirements.  Would you like me to check another area?
How about one in the south?|Yeah, there are two in the south.  Aylesbray Lodge and Bridge Guest House.  Do you have a preference between the two?
no, i don't. I just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.|I have made your booking and here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : O8FKIXR2.
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel.|What will be your destination and arrival or departure times?
I need to go to the theatre. I need to leave the hotel by 13:00.|Please state your departure site and destination site so I can book that taxi.
From the hotel that was booked for me|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Tesla and the contact number is 07767786743.
thanks alot for helping. have a good day|You're welcome, and thank you, likewise!
I would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the centre while I am here in Cambridge.|Is there a food type you have a preference for? Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Indian are just some of the choices.
No, I don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap.  I will need a reservation for 1 person at 14:45 on Monday.|Okay, I've got the dojo noddle bar in the centre of town that serves cheap food.  How will that be?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on monday, please. I also need the reference number.|I have booked the restaurant for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is Y3MGYYH6.
I also need a hotel that is near the restaurant.|There a 5 places in the centre. Do you have a preferred price range?
No price range. I do need it to have free wifi and parking though. Can you tell me what star that hotel would be?|How about el shaddai? It has free parking and wifi and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good. What is it's star rating, please?|The star rating is 0. Would you still like me to book this hotel for you?
I don't need a booking, but I need a taxi commuting between that hotel and the booked restaurant.|Taxi booking completed! Your car is a Grey Audi, their contact number is 07263703306.
Great thank you very much|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive by the booked time?|Yes, your taxi will arrive by the booked time of 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Just the telephone number of the taxi please.|The contact number is 07263703306. Can I provide any further assistance today?
Thanks I have everything I need. Goodbye!|Great. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre
I am looking for a place to stay|I will definitely be able to help you with that. Did you want a hotel or a guest house?
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.|There are a lot of guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you want to stay in a particular area?
No, I don't care about the location. I do want a 4 star place though.|The acorn guest house has a 4 star rating and is in the moderate price range. It is in the north area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes. Where is a good expensive restaurant in the West area of town?|There are nine expensive restaurants in the west, is there a particular type of food that you are interested in?
Can you give me some examples of the type of cuisine that is available?|There's british, european, indian, and thai.
What's the address, postcode and phone number of the thai restaurant?|Sala Thong serves Thai food and is located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help with a booking?
Yes can you please book that for me?|What day and time would you like me to reserve the restaurant for?
let's book it for wednesday please.|How many people will the booking be for and what time would you prefer the booking to be at?
I think we're jumping way ahead of ourselves here. Let's start afresh. Please get me the address to the acorn and then we can proceed with getting a taxi|The address to acorn is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you! Good bye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. It was a pleasure to help you.
I will be staying in Cambridge.  I need a hotel with wifi.|What about a and b guest house? It's in the East.
I need something in the centre.|There are 7 hotels which area do you prefer?
The north part of town|I ran a search in the north, there's 12 choices.  Lets make sure were on the same page, is this the area that you want? Also hotel or Guesthouse?
Sorry, I've been all over the place. To be clear, I need a hotel with free wifi and parking that is in the centre.|Shall I choose a hotel for you, or do you have a preference? 4 hotels have free parking and internet in that area.
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 3 nights, 6 people|May I recommend alexander bed and breakfast. While it is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town, it has a 4 star rating and also included internet and parking
Ok great. Can you book a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : QK6KCZQA
Great, thank you. I'm also in need of an Indian restaurant in the cheap price range. Can you find me one?|We have several.  What part of town are you thinking?
Any will do, what ever you recommend.|Royal Spice is located in the north.  It's one of my personal favorites.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I certainly want to try it then. Please book for 6 people at 11:30 on Saturday.|You have been booked at the Royal Spice. Your reference number is WSPAI5JJ. Can I be of further assistance today?
Thank you .  I am all set.|Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of Cambridge. Preferably a 4 star or greater. Can you recommend one?|There are 8 hotels that meet that criteria. Would the Acorn Guest House work for you? It has free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Actually, I'm looking for a college to the west. Can I get their phone number and address?|Any particular college you are looking for?
No particular college, but it must be in the western part of town.|How about Churchill College?
Can I get their address and phone number?|They are located on Storey's Way.  Thier phone number is 01223336233. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north with free parking.|There are several. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
It doesn't matter.  Just use your best judgement.|acorn guest house	would be nice for you
I am looking for a nice bistro in Cambridge, moderately priced would be good.|unfortunately i don't have anything in that price range
There's nothing moderate in all of the centre area?  Or just bistro food?|We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the center, just no Bistro, sorry.
Is there a gastropub in that area instead?|Yes, we have one and it's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, let's book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.|Alright, your reservation is made with reference number V76UTC2C. Can I help you with anything else?
i also need a hotel room for two nights and 1 person and must have free parking|What area do you need it to be in?
In the centre please|What price range?
Not price specific but I want something 0 star.|I think El Shaddai would be perfect for you.  It's in the centre of town, 0 star, and has free wifi and parking.  Can I book for you?
Does it have internet?|Yes it does and is included in the price!
Could I have the phone number and type of hotel? Also need a taxi to the restaurant and arrive by the booked time. Provide the contact number and car type.|The phone number is 01223327978.
thank you that will be all|Okay, but do you still need a taxi?
yes i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|to which direction will you be going?
Going from El Shaddai to the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar, and I need to arrive in time for my reservation at the restaurant.|OKay I will look into this for you and be back in a moment.
Thank you. I appreciate your quick response.|It looks like you will arrive by 14:45. Your booking is complete and the car type is grey audi. The contact number is 07534462642.
Can you help me find a nice hotel? I'd like to stay somewhere on the west side of town. A 0 star rating would be great, too.|We don't have anything matching that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about something in or very close to west Cambridge with a 1 star rating and free wifi?|Regretfully, my system isn't showing any 1 star hotels on the west side with free wifi.
Actually, try to see if there is one with a 4-star rating, not 1 star.|Huntington Marriott Hotel is very nice.
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can let me know their phone number, whether they have free parking, and address?|yes they do have freee parking. they are at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.phone number is 01480446000
Great thank you.  Can you also help me find a train to london kings cross?|I have several trains that meet your criteria. Where will you be departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'll leave from cambridge on sunday. And I want to arrive no later than 11:15|I have train TR7423, it arrives at 05:51. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book 3 tickets for me and then give me a reference number for that booking|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is: OB34HA2U. Can i help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That was it!|thanks and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.|There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.|I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?|One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.
What star ratings are they?|Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.
I am looking for Home from Home hotel|I see home from home located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a stay?
What is the star rating for the hotel? And what area is that in?|Home from Home is a guesthouse hotel with a 4 star rating. It is in the north end of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at this time, thank you. I am, however, looking for a train that goes to Bishops Stortford on Saturday.|There are 10 trains available that day. Is there a particular time of day you want to travel?
I'd like to depart from Cambridge after 18:45 please.|TR4673 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07.
Could I please have the price and travel time as well?|The price for that travel time is 8.08 pounds and the duration of the trip is 38 minutes. Can I book this travel time for you now?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train arriving by 17:15 departing from cambridge.|Where is your destination? And what day would you like to leave?
I need to go to bishops' stortford on Sunday.|The TR3600 will arrive at 16:07 to Bishops Stortford. Do you need me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'm travelling alone, but could you give me the price as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ODVZEU6H. Will that be all?
Can yo also find a guesthouse with a five star rating?|there are no 5 star guesthouse
How about a 5 star hotel|I'm sorry there are no five star hotels either. Would you like to look for a different place to stay?
A four star with free parking would be fine|There are two hotels on the west side and one located in the centre of town. Do you have a specific area you would like to be in?
No, it doesn't matter. Which ever you recommend would be fine. I do need to get the postcode for it.|I will recommend the university arms hotel and the postcode for it is cb21ad.
Thank you, that was everything I needed for this trip. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help you with all kinds of information. What are you looking for?
I'd like to find a train for Friday leaving after 16:30, from Peterborough.|TR0992 will leave at 16:48 and arrive by 17:38. Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice trip!
I am looking for a good hotel in north Cambridge.|The acorn guest house is a nice guesthouse.  Would that work?
Does it have a 4 star rating?  I would like a place with four stars?|Yes it does. Would you like to book?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 4 nights staring from Thursday.|The booking was successful.
Your reference number is : A9VM6FAU.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
I would also like more info about Pizza Hut in the city center.|There is a Pizza Hut on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I want a reservation for thursday at 19:30 and 5 people. Give me the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PURZ5YVG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I will need a taxi to go between the two places.|Please specify for the taxi which location you'll depart from and which is the destination. Also I need a time to leave at or arrive by
Depart the hotel and arrive at restaurant by booked time. I need car type and contact info|I have made that booking for you. It will be a white ford and the contact number is 07171542462.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else? If not, goodbye have a nice day
I am looking for a place to get a boat. Can you help me?|Yes I have locations on the east, north and city center. Any preference for location?
No, I don't have any preference. You can just pick whichever one looks best and give me the phone number, address, and area.|No problem. There is the Riverboar Georgina which is located in the north side of town. The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruises, Jubilee House and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great! I also need a hotel while I am there. I do need free parking but internet is optional.|Alright. There are a total of 29 hotels and guesthouses available. Is there a certain price range or area you wish?
I would like a three star hotel, do not care about price.|Gonville Hotel is a three star hotel with parking and is in the centre area.  Does this sound good?
Yes that sounds fine. I would like to book a reservation please.|I'd be happy to make that reservation for you. What days would you like to stay there, and how many are in your party?
Can you make that for starting monday, 4 nights and 7 people?|The booking was successful! Your reference number is UR6L3NLS. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to get a taxi to go between them, please.|We can certainly help with that. Are you heading to the boat or to the hotel, and what time do you need the taxi?
I need to leave the hotel by 5:00.|I was able to get a red volvo for you phone number 07586716905
Thank you very much for helping me today!|Not a problem and thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse.|I have quite a few what price range were you looking at?
That doesn't matter. I would like a 3 star hotel.|what about prefered side of town?
I don't have one, but I'd like one of 3 stars.|bridge guest house is a great place to stay.
Could I please have the address?|Yes their address is 151 hills road.
I am looking for places to go in town|I would like to recommend All Saints Church on Jesus Lane.
Is that in the centre?|Yes, it is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
what is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free.
okay thank you. i appreciate your help a lot. i think that is all for now. Goodbye|You're very welcome. Good bye.
Hello, I'd like to get some info one a hotel please.|I can definitely assist with your lodging needs.   Did you want me to look for a specific place or run a search in an area?
Please look in the north of town.|There are 13 in that area.
Is there one with free parking and a 2 star rating?|I'm showing two in that area both offering free wifi and parking.  I suggest Ashley hotel.  The phone number is 01223350059. Shall I book a room for you?
I am going to be visiting and would like a guesthouse.|I have about 24 different options. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range or area?
it should have star of 0 and should be in the expensive range.|I don't have any hotels that match that criteria.  Would you like to switch up your rating or price range?
Sure, I could stay at a cheap guesthouse.|ok, I have one in the north or in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I will take the one in Centre, can you book that for 8 people starting Friday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well please.|I have booked the El Shaddai for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Friday.  The reference number is BX3X2XZ1.
Next up I'd like to inquire about a train going to norwich.|To narrow down the search, could I possibly have the date and the departure location for the train and possibly a desired time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday and need to arrive by 13:15, please.|Certainly. TR2625 leaves at 11:46 and arrives at 12:55. Will that do?
Yes. What is the travel time, price, and departure time?|The departure time will be at 11:46 with a travel time of 1 hour 10 minutes. The price is in the cheap range.
That should be all. thank you very much.|The price for you trip to Norwich is 17.60 pounds. Do you have any final question?
No thank you very much. Good bye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need help with a particular hotel, can you do that?|Yes, I have the database ready, do you want info on a specific hotel or a search?
I'd like a hotel named Warkworth House, and am interested in booking for 8 people starting on Saturday.|How many people?
8 people, for 3 nights.|What day of the week will you need that?
Does saturday work?|Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is HKW4G2VT.
Could you give me information on Cambridge and County folk museum?|It's a museum located at 2-3 castle street on the west side of town. Postcode is cb30aq and the phone number is 01223355159. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Thank you. I'd also like to get a taxi between these two places.|Can you specify a departure or arrival time?
We want to leave the hotel by 24:15. What is the contact number and car type?|You have a booking for a black volvo at 24:15. Contact number, 07253606087.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi I am looking for a cheap hotel that has free parking. Are there any around town?|I have the cambridge belfry in the west area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this a guesthouse?|No, this is a hotel, were you looking for a guesthouse?
Yes, I'm sorry, I should have told you earlier.|We have 9 guesthouses.  Can you give me more details as to the area and price preference you are looking for so I can assist you better?
Can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on Tuesday, and we'll want to stay 2 nights.|I have booked you for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Your reference number is M6FH844S.
Thanks. I am also looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there any cinemas available?|Yes. There is vue cinema. The address is the grafton centre, east road and postcode is cb11ps.
What is the phone number for the Vue Cinema?|The phone number for the Vue Cinema is 08712240240.  Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the address and postal code, please.|The Grafton Centre, East Road, cb11ps.
Great, thanks! That's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day and let me know if you need anything else.
I want to find an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 expensive 4 star hotels, one in the west and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference to area?
Do you have one in the south that includes free parking?|I'm sorry, no, none in the south.
Okay, I'd really like to stay on the south end of town so is there one in the cheap price range instead?|i don't have any hotels in the south part of town.
Well are there any cheap hotels anywhere in town?|There is a cheap hotel with 4 stars on the west side of town. If you could restate your exact preferences I can try searching again.
Sure.  Look for a cheap hotel, 4 stars, in the south.  Free parking also.|There are no hotels that meet your criteria in the south.  There is one cheap 4 star guesthouse with parking in the south. Does that work?
Can we start over? I think there is a bit of confusion. I need a hotel with four stars, in the south, and free parking|There is nothing in the expensive range, there is a choice of one cheap or one moderate 4 star guesthouse in the south with parking. Would either of these be OK?
Cheap is fine. Please book for Friday, 3 nights, 3 people.|It is not open then, how about a shorter stay?
I can book for 1 night instead.|Very good.  You are set for 1 night at Rosa's.  The reference number is 8QUJMPP7.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it for now.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.|Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.|I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.|I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side|Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4|It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.|How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the west?|There are no hotels that meet that criteria? Would you like a different area or a different price range?
How about a cheap hotel?|I have the cambridge belfry, which is 4 stars, cheap, and in the west with free internet and parking.
book for i people for 2 nights starting monday|You are booked, as one person, into the cambridge belfry. Your reference number is C74YTD9R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that will be all. thanks!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, good bye.|Okay have a great day! Bye for now!
I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town|There are many museums in the centre of town, but I would recommend Broughton House Gallery. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes, can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that museum?|Absolutely. There is no entrance fee for the Broughton House Gallery and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you! Are there any guesthouses nearby?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre area. May I book this for you?
Yes that will work, please book.|Certainly. How long would you like to stay?
I will need 3 nights for 2 people.|What day would you like to start your stay?
I would like to start my stay on Friday.|Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps you'd prefer another day or a shorter stay?
How about 6 people for 5 nights starting friday?|oh that definitely worked. I have booked you in and your reference number is KVJNZBG6.
Thank you. Can you please confirm for me that the guesthouse you booked for me is moderately priced?|It is actually cheaply priced. Is that going to be okay?
No, sorry. I am looking for something moderately priced.|I'm sorry there are no moderately priced guesthouses in centre.  Would you like to try something else?
Yes, please. We seem to have gone very astray. I need a moderately priced 3 star guest house. It doesn't matter where.|Okay, there are four available. How about Hamilton Lodge in the north? It's at 156 chesterton road cb41da with phone 01223365664. Would that work for you?
Please book the Hamilton Lodge or 6 people and 5 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.  The reference number is 999S42AB.  Anything else?
No, that should be it.  Thanks!|I have confirmed your booking and you are are all set.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge town info centre.
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.|I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?|Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side|I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.|How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?|Where do you want to travel to and from?
Hi there! Can you give me some info on Cityroomz?|Cityroomz is located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road in the Centre area. It is a moderatley priced hotel with a 0 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.|How many days would you like to book it for?
I would like to book it for 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.|Ok, Your rooms have been booked.  Your reference number is CYJDAR7R.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I need a restaurant in the west and with expensive pricing.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west area. Do you prefer a certain type of food?
No, I don't have a preference, but I need the phone number and postcode.|I recommend Graffiti, the number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, right now, I just need the infor.  Thanks!|Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all. thanks|Thank you for using our system.
Can you get me information on a hotel called cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a 0-star, moderately-priced hotel in the center of town. They offer free internet, but no parking. Their address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road, cb12tz.
I would like to book this hotel for 4 people and 2 nights for Tuesday.|Ok, I've booked the cityroomz hotel for your party of 4, for two nights starting Tuesday.
Can I have the reference number please.|Yes your reference number is BEVM8GPA.
Thank you. I will also need a train to cambridge.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming in from Stansted Airport heading into Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I want to travel on Tuesday.|There are 19 trains available that day. Is there a specific time you would like to book?
I'd like to arrive by 18:30, but I can leave at any time.|I have 13 trains.  The TR9892 leaves at 5:24, would that work?
Sounds good enough to me. What is the price of the TR 9892?|10.10 pounds for one ticket
Ok, great and could you please confirm the departure time for that train?|The TR9892 leaves Stansted Airport at 5:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 5:52. The TR0135 would also work, it leaves at 14:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:52.
Okay great. Thank you!|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been a great help. That's it for now. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Hope you have a great day.
Can you please help me find a train? May I ask that it comes at 10:45 and leaves on a monday? Thankyou.|Yes, and what is your destination?
Norwhich, please. From Cambridge.|I'm sorry. The earliest train departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55. Would you like to book that train ?
Yes for one person please. i will need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is I8HVTE6S. Will that be all?
I need a hotel room with i need free parking.|Great, I have many hotels with free parking. Do you have a particular area in mind?
Somewhere in the west please.|Okay and what is your price range?
I don't have a price range in mind.|I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap right on up to the Huntington Marriott Hotel which is expensive.  There is also another cheap and moderate choice if neither of those work.
Could you get me the postcode for the Cambridge Belfry?|I can. The postcode is cb236bw. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
that is all i needed for today thanks|You're welcome, have a great day
I want to find a zero star rated hotel.|Interestingly enough, I have 3 of those! Do you have a certain area in mind? I have places in the north and centre.
It should be in the cheap price range|There is a guesthouse located in the north and a guesthouse located in the centre, do you have a preference of area?
I would prefer the centre please.|I have the el shaddai guesthouse.  Should I go ahead and book that now?
Yes can you please book that?|for how many people do i book and for how long?
Sorry, I actually won't need it booked after all. I only want to know if they have free parking and also the phone number and address there please.|Their address is 41 warkworth street, cb11eg. Their phone number is 01223327978. They do indeed have free parking.
Great, thank you so much! Now I just need to find a place to eat.|I have many different options for restaurants. Do you have a preference of the area, price range, or type of food?
Let's look for a cheap place.|There are quite a few Chinese restaurants in that area. How about Golden House?
Sounds fine.  Could you make a reservation for 4 at 11:45 on Wednesday?  I will need the reference number too|I have made the reservation. Your reference number is FZT238P9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm exhausted. Can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?|Sure. There are both moderate and cheap priced guesthouses in this area. Which would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, and I don't need internet access.|If you have no particular requirements, you might like the Autumn House, which is an inexpensive 4 star guest house on the East side.
Does it include free internet?|Yes it does.
I want to book it for one person, four nights starting on Sunday.|You can rest now, your reference number is BQ8VSRRZ. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't rest yet.  I still need a train.  I am traveling from Cambridge to London liverpool street.  Can you help me out?|Absolutely.  First, I need a few more details.  What day will you be traveling?
I'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by 14:30.|There are 5 trains that meet those requirements.  TR5504 would have you arrive by 13:27.  Can I help you buy a ticket?
Yes please for one. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number: 9COW8ZI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you.|Fantastic! Have a good day.
Can you help me find a hotel called El Shaddai? Thanks.|Yes, El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the town centre.  Would you like to book this guesthouse?
Yes, I think so. I hear a lot of good things about them. Can you book me a room for 7 people for 2 nights on Friday please?|Your booking was successful, the reference number is OQ4FTSP6, can i help with anything else?
I also need a train going to stevenage and arriving there by 13:00.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What day were you wanting to leave on?
I'd like to leave cambridge on sunday, please.|TR8464 is your best bet. It leaves Cambridge at 11:21 on Sunday and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
May I please have the price for this train?|The cost is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thanks that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your visit.
Hi there. I was wondering if you could provide some information on the Bridge Guest House hotel.|It is a guesthouse located in the south part of town in the moderate price range and has a 3 star rating.
Sounds good. Could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting Sunday? There will be six of us.|I'm afraid it's not available for that period.  You would like to try a different day? Or a shorter time period?
Is it available on Monday?|I'm sorry, Monday is not available either. Would you like to try a shorter stay, perhaps?
Would 3 nights starting Sunday work?|Yes, that stay is available. I have successfully reserved it for you with a reference number of 34Z6Y56Y.
Thank You. I also need a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.|Sure, I need further information to narrow the results though.
I need to arrive in Stevenage by 09:45 on wednesday|The TR8974 arrives closest to that time, at 08:10. Your other choice arrives 2 hours earlier.
I would like the one that arrives at 8:10. Could you book it for 6 people?|You're all set! The reference number is BGNTQZRJ, and you can pay the total fee of 76.8 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nothing else. Thank you for your help|You are very much welcome. Thank you for using our service and have a good day!
I am looking for a guesthouse type room that includes free wifi.|I have many guesthouse to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in?
I don't care about that. I would like it to have a 4-star rating.|The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, the Acorn guest house offers free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thanks just needed a recommendation on a place to stay.|Is there anything else we can help you with?
Just the postcode for the Acorn, please.|The postal code is cb41da.
Great.  Thanks for all your help.|I hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye!
Hello! I'm looking for a museum to go to.|Cambridge has so many great museums to choose from, what sort of museum are you interested in visiting?
I would like any type of museum that is located in the centre of town. Can you provide me with an address?|There are 11 museums in that area. Would you like to learn about all of them?
No, can you choose the best one for me and give me the address?|I would recommend Cambridge Contemporary Art at 6 Trinity Street.
Thank you I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and 4 stars and in the west of town.|I'm showing 33 hotel and guesthouses in the centre. What is your price range, do you want wifi and parking? If this is not a good area I can look more.
I have no price range but it needs to be 4 star.|Found 2 hotels with 4 star 1 expensive and the other is cheap which one will you prefer?
Which on is in the west?|I'm happy to tell you that i found three 4 star hotels on the West part of town.  Can I book one for you or assist you further?
No, I just need the postcode please.|The postcode is cb30nd.
I also need taxi to take me from the Museum  at  22:00 to the hotel, get me the contact number and car type for the taxi.|I'm sorry for the confusion, what hotel did you choose so that I can book the taxi for the correct location?
I am not sure of the name, you did not provide it.|I am sorry about that, we are swamped right now. The name is called finches bed and breakfast, sorry for any confusion.
Okay, so then book the taxi as requested please, and again do not forget the car type and contact number|Of course, a yellow ford has been booked for you. They can be reached at 07814309592. will that be all today?
No that's all I need today. Thanks so much.|You are welcome and enjoy.
I want a train going to cambridge.|You're in luck, I have quite a few trains coming into Cambridge! Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport, please.|OK, and what day and time are you traveling?
I need to leave on sunday and I need to arrive by 12:15.|TR9445 departs at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 7 people.|Okay, the booking was successful and the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is D2K69PNC.
Thanks so much for the train booking. I also need lodging with free wifi. I don't need free parking, though.|I have a few places available, in which area would you like to stay?
Do have anything expensive? I don't care what area.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine. If you can recommend for me, that would be great. Oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.|I have three, is there a star range you prefer?
Oh, I don't really care about that. Which place would you recommend?|I would suggest Avalon.
Great!  Can I get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No that won't be necessary. I'd just like the postcode and address please.|They are at 62 gilbert road postal cb43pd, may I assist with anything else?
That's all for me. Thanks for your help. Bye!|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me with that?|Sure what area do you have in mind?
I'd like it to be in the east. A guesthouse would be great with a 4 star. Also, I don't care about internet.|We have 6 different guesthouse that fit your current criteria. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Price range doesn't matter, can you find one with free wifi?|I have six 4 star guesthouses with free wifi in the east area of town. Do you have a price range?
Nope. Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the address, price range, and postcode, please?|The A and B guesthouse meets your criteria and is located at 124 Tenison Lane, postcode cb12dp.  The price range is moderate.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train to stevenage for tuesday.|Will you be departing from cambridge?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|What time of day would you like to travel?
The train should leave at 10:45.|The TR6009 will fit our needs. Would you like for me to book this train?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|I've book 7 tickets on Train TR6009 departing Cambridge at 13:21. Your total fare is 89.6 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is 2SCUVBST.
Great, thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's it. Thanks for everything! Bye!|Your very welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking to get a train to cambridge from kings lynn|I can certainly help with that. When did you want to travel?
depart from kings lynn at 20:30 and leave on Sunday.|There is a train leaving at 21:11 and it costs 7.84 pounds, would that be good for you?
My mistake I need the train to arrive by 02:30 on Sunday.|There are no trains at that time would you like to try a different time?
Not doing well, I actually need to arrive cambridge at 20:30.  I should leave on sunday.|TR6697 departs Kings Lynn at 19:11 and arrives at Cambridge at 19:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Could you tell me the price of this ticket?|Sure the ticket is 7.84 pounds a ticket.
OK. Is there a hotel in town called the Hotel Gonville or Gonville Hotel or something like that?|Yes, the Gonville Hotel is located in the centre.  It is an expensive, 3 star hotel that offers free internet and parking.  Would you like a reservation there?
No thanks. But can I please get the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ly. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it.  Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you recommend a nightclub in town, please?|There are 6 nightclubs. Are you looking for one in the centre or south side of town?
Let's see what's available in the centre|The soul tree nightclub is in the centre and cost 5 pounds
Can you give me the address and postcode, please?|The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf
Also I need a hotel called a and b guest house.|Sure. Do you need information on the guesthouse or would you like me to book a room?
whats the postcode and address to a and b guest house please|The address for The A and B Guest House is 124 Tenison Road. The postcode is cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed!|Great! If you need anything else don't hesitate to call.  Have a great time!!
I am looking for some places to go in town.  I'm so excited about seeing some of the local attractions.|There are many to choose from! Almost 80. Can you tell me if you have a certain type of place you want to visit?
What do you recommend? I will be need the address, entrance fee, and postcode for what you recommend please.|I honestly recommend visiting a famous college such as Christs or Magdalene.
Could I have the address, entrance fee, and postcode.|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and postcode CB23BU. There is no entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet.|There are about 33 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to a certain area of town and price range?
I'm sorry,was Christ's College in the centre?  I did need something in that area.|Yes it is in the centre.
Is there one in the centre with free parking|Sorry, parking isn't something that is mentioned for attractions.
Okay. I'd like a hotel that includes free parking then.|alexander bed and breakfast would meet those needs. could i look for something else? or can i book a stay here at this one?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.|I have your rooms booked. The reference number is : OGBAZ8XW. KIs there anything else i can assist you with today?
Great I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where will you be leaving from?  What time would you like to leave?
i want to leave by 10:45|I've got a ride for you. A yellow Skoda. Their phone number is 07546403281
Great, thanks!  That's everything I needed.|Perfect. I hope you have a wonderful stay. Goodbye.
Yes, hi. Would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced guesthouse for our stay in Cambridge?|I'd be happy to help you. There are 24 guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area you'd like to stay in, or perhaps a certain price range?
Well, how about a moderate price range and a star rating of zero?  Oh, and I don't need free parking.|I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements.  Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Please show me a guesthouse with the lowest available rating.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north with 3 stars, but there's no wifi nor parking. Will that suffice for you?
Yes that will work. I'll need the area, postcode and address, please.|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is in the north part of town at 63 Milton Road. Their postcode is cb41xa. Need anything else?
I'd like to visit a nightclub.|I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements. Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Yes, I think there's been some confusion. Let's go back to lodgings for a moment. With no 0-star guesthouses with moderate pricing, how about a hotel instead?|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet those criteria, either.  Would you like to try different star ratings?
No, I'm looking for a hotel with 0 star rating and moderately priced.|There is no results for that match
I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?|I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 16:00, please.|TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.|Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
Are there any proper hotels in the south?|Yes, the Lensfield Hotel is an expensive hotel in the south with 3 stars, free wifi, and free parking. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road cb21en. Would you like to book?
Ok, are there any hotels in the cheap price range in the south part of town?|I'm not finding any.  Would you care for another part of town?
Can we check for guesthouses?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south area that meets your preferences. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that will work.|When would you like to visit?
I don't need a reservation right now, but does Rosa's B&B have internet?|Yes they do! Do you have any other questions about Rosa's?
I really need internet. Can you tell me if they have free wifi?|Yes, Rosa's absolutely has free WiFi.  Can I book a room for you?
No, that's fine!|Sure.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services & have a good day.
I want to find a place to stay on the south side.  I want free wifi too.|There are a handful of locations in the area that suit your needs. I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, a four star hotel with free wifi at an affordable price.
That sounds great, as long as it has free parking and is a guesthouse type of hotel.|It fills both of those criteria. Do you want me to book it?
Can you tell me the price range? I also need the address.|There at three different price ranges. Do you prefer cheap, moderate, or expensive?
It does not matter. But do tell me the address and price range of the place you book for me.|What day would you like to book?
Please book it for 4 people at 11:45 on Monday.|Before I can book it, I would need some more information.  How many days you would like to stay?
What is the address and price range of Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel. their phone number is 122 351 2596.
i would like to book it for seven days, four people, can you do that for me?|I would be happy to book that for you, but first I want to confirm you want to start your stay on Monday is that correct?
That is correct. I'll need a restaurant booked as well, in the same area and serving Italian cuisine.|I have 2 italian restaurants for you. I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Frankie and Benny's. Can I make you a reservation at one of those?
I'll take Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.  I'd like a table for 4 at 11:45 on Monday.|I am sorry but there is not an availability meeting your criteria. Would you like to change your day or time so I can try again?
How about 10:45?|I was able to reserve a table for you. The reference number is 8HB1J70L.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take us from the hotel to the restaurant that will arrive by 10:45. Can you do that for me?|I was able to book a taxi for you. It is a grey Toyota and the contact number is 07075458208. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that's all the info I needed today|You're very welcome, glad I could help! Have a good day.
I would like to go to a college in the north.|Can you tell me the name of the college? And the city it is located?
Actually, I was hoping you could help me.  I am looking for colleges to visit in the north part of town.|Cambridge has many different colleges, but none are in the north. Would you be interested in a different area, perhaps?
Oh okay. How about a swimming pool instead?|There are two swimming pools in north. Jesus green Outdoor Pool is between victoria road and the river.
Either is fine. I need the postcode for the pool. Then I need to find a hotel.|The postcode for the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is cb43px. What else can I help you with?
How much is admission to the pool?|I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
I need somewhere to stay in the north. With free parking and 4 stars.|There are many guesthouses to choose from in the north with these specifications, how about acorn house? When is the reservation for?
as long as it has 4 stars and free parking and in the same area as the swimming pool. I need price range, postcode and phone number|Acorn guest house is in the north. It is moderately priced with 4 stars and includes internet and parking. The phone number is 01223353888 and postcode is cb41da
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all for now. Thank you.|You are welcome, have a good day
I am excited about visiting a particular attraction in Cambridge. Can you help me?|We have 79 attractions listed at this time. Was there anything in particular you were looking for?
I am looking for the fitzwilliam museum|The fitzwilliam museum is located in the centre area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. What is the postcode?|No problem.  The post code for the fitzwalliam museum is cb21rb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free wifi.|We have at least 33 four star hotels with internet, would you like one close to the museum?
yeah sure why not! that would be dope!|Ok, I can book you a room at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.  Is that good?
Yes please. Book a room for 4 people for 3 nights, beginning Monday. I need a reference number.|I have confirmed your booking at arbury lodge guesthouse for 3 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is WAI4ET4D. Would you like help with anything else?
No thank you, you been so helpful, have a wonderful day!|Thank you for using our system!
Im looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi please.|I am happy to help you with that. We have many options that offer free parking and wifi. Are you looking for a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one with a 4 star rating in the guesthouse style.|There are 16 matching options. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like a recommendation from the current search?
I definitely want the four star in a guesthouse style, not a hotel. Would you check again, please.|We offer 16 such places. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 5 nights beginning Saturday|Booked at alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number: 80R46AWL.
Thank you so much for your help|No problem.  Do you need anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Great! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I will be traveling to cambridge and need lodging.|Alright. Do you have a price range?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the north that is in the moderate price range.|Is there a star range you prefer?
no, just need if for three people. Three nights, starting Wednesday.|Okay, your hotel was booked and your reference number is PCRN539L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a train leaving from bishops stortford.|Can you tell me what day you will be traveling?
I need the train on Wednesday as well and I need it to leave after 16:45 please.|There are 4 trains what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't care what time I arrive as long as I'm leaving after 16:45.|okay traid tr2106 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes book it and please provide the reference number.|Okay, no problem. Will you be needing tickets for three people for the train as well?
Yes, please book them for me.|I have you booked for 3 seats on TR2106 leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Wednesday at 19:29.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could you please provide me with the reference number so I have it when I arrive at the station?|Your reference number is: YQDWLHDW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre?|The Gonville Hotel meets your requirements. Would you like me to book you a room?
Does it have free wifi? I need wifi.|Yes, they do offer free internet. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes. I want to book it for 1 person. I want to stay for 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place to stay?
Yes please. Another 3-star hotel in the centre with free wifi.|I do not have another 3 star hotel in the centre that meets your requirements. Would you like to try another area?
Do you have any hotels in the same price range as the Gonville Hotel?|The only other hotel that matches your requirements is the lensfield hotel located in the south. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book a room there.|Great your booking was successful Your reference number is 9GBHVFZW. Anything else today?
Thank you for all of your help.|Your welcome. Have a good day.
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of Cambridge.|Sure what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about chinese food?|There 2 of them - the Hakka and the hotpot. Which one would you like to try?
book a table for 6 people at 11:15 on tuesday at the Hakka|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 48WF5G7X.  Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a hotel in the same area that has free parking.|The Hamilton Lodge sounds perfect for you. Would you like to know more?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do have internet. Shall I make a booking?
Yes please. I want 4 nights from tuesday, and for 6 people. Give me the reference number too.|Booking was successful, and your reference number is TDVD6XSM. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant.|I booked the taxi, it is a yellow tesla the contact number is 07809860598. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That is all, thank you for your help.|I'm glad we were able to help.
I need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 4 star rating. Wifi optional.|I see 21 hotels so let's try to narrow it down. Is there a price range you want to be in?
The hotel should include free parking and should be in the cheap price range.|There is one hotel and a number of guesthouses.  Do you have a preference?
Do any of them have free Wifi?|They do.  Do you prefer any specific area of town?
I do not have a preferred area.  Which ones have availability for 6 people for 5 nights Starting Thursday?|alexander bed and breakfast is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?
Can you help me find a hotel in the north that is moderately priced?|I have two hotels, would you like me to book one?
Do either of them have free wifi and parking?  It is critical that I have internet and a parking spot.|Yes, both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge have free wifi and parking.
Can you book the Ashley Hotel for me? 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|I have those reservations made for you.  Your reference number is 732E0LHX.
I am also looking for a train that departs from stansted airport and heads to cambridge.|Of course! When would you like to travel?
Wednesday also.  I can't leave until after 15:15 though.|TR1342 leaves at 16:24 and arrives by 16:52. Does that work for you?
Possibly, I'll have to confirm with my husband later.  Can you tell me what the travel time is for that train?  And the price as well?|The price is 10.10  and it takes 28 minutes.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us today, have a good night.
I wanted to search for a specific type of attraction in town.|I can help with that. What's the name of the attraction?
I'm actually just looking for a college I could visit, but not a specific one. Which is your favorite?|Churchill college located at storey's way. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please can you send me the address too?|Yes, it is located at Storey's Way cb30ds.  The phone number is 0122336233.  Would you like to look for anything else today?
Yes please.  I am looking for a hotel in the north side of town in the moderate price range as well.  Any suggestions?|Sure how about the Avalon on 62 Gilbert Road?
Does it have free parking and wifi?|It does have internet but it does not have parking.
Are there any hotels in the north that include free parking and free wifi that are moderately priced?|We have nice to pick from but the limehouse is my personal favorite, many a great memories there.  Would you like their information or a booking?
Yes please book that for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.|I have made the reservation and the reference number is 9H08N83H.
Thank you so much for your help today.|I am glad to help. Enjoy !
I'm in the south part of town and it's getting late. Can you tell me what local hotels there might be for me to stay at?|I have several options for you. I have one hotel and the other 3 are guesthouses. All have free wifi and parking. Do you prefer a certain price range?
I would like to book the Hotel please?|Would you like to stay at Rosa's? It's a cheap guesthouse.
No, like I said, I would prefer the hotel.  Can you please check availability for me at the hotel? I want Sunday and Monday nights for three people.|Your booking for the lensfield hotel was successful. Your reference number is CB8VVF4M. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes two more things, can I confirm the reference number as CB8VVF4M?  Also, I want to make sure that the have free Wi-fi.|Your reference number is indeed CB8VVF4M. They also have free wifi.
Ok.  Thanks.  That's all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre today, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
There is a certain hotel I want to stay in, can you book that?|What is the name of that hotel?
it's the express by holiday inn cambridge|Would you like to book a room?
Is there internet?|Express by holiday inn cambridge does have free internet.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about the Scott Polar Museum?|Sure. Scott Polar Museum is on Lensfield Road, the entrance fee is free, and their phone number is 01223336540.
Wonderful. Thanks so much for your help today.|You're welcome, can I help with anything else today?
No Thank you, I appreciate all of your help, Goodbye.|Glad I was able to help thanks for using our services. Bye
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Does the acorn guest house have internet and parking?|Yes it has free parking and wifi.
I was wanting to stay in a hotel, instead of a guesthouse. Are you sure there aren't any 4-star hotels that has free parking? If not, the guesthouse is fine.|I see three 4 star hotel listings that offer free parking.
Do all of them have free wifi?|the cambridge belfry has free parking and wifi, it is four stars, located in the west and at a cheap price, would you like me to book you?
Yes can you make me a booking for 2 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.|Ok I will book it for you and is there anything else I can help you with ?
i am looking for a train that leaves for bishops stortford on Wednesday|I'd love to help! What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 13:30|TR8224 arrives in Bishops Stortford by 12:07.  Can I book a seat for you?
yes, please. For one|You are booked. The fee is 10.1 GBP. Your reference number is 73Z0FEHF. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay in the north.|There are many options for a place to stay in the north? Do you have a price range or any specific needs?
Yes, I would like free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.|There is an acorn guest house would you like me to book it.
Yes I would like to book that for the same day for 4 nights please starting from saturday.|I'm sorry, are you wanting to book the room for Wednesday or Saturday? You're train is booked for Wednesday.
I'd like to stay four nights starting from Saturday, please, for just me.|Your stay at the Acorn Guest House has been booked. Your reference number is 3SXCM6MR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks but that is all I need. Take care. Bye.|It was a pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking|I've got the alpha-milton guest house which matches your needs and is in the north. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me the price of the room per night?|Not an exact price but it is moderate price range, do you want me to provide their info or book you?
Yes, give me their phone number and I will call them.|Sure, you can reach them at 01223311625.  Can I help you further today?
I also need to find  Portuguese restaurant in the south.|Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south area. Would you like a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?|it's a fairly inexpensive restaurant.
I want something in the moderate price range.|I have nothing that meets those requirements. Can I try something else?
What about modern European food?|Restaurant Alimentum is moderately priced modern european cuisine and is located in the South. Shall I book that for you?
No thank you I just need information right now. I would like the address and phone number.|The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Is there something else I can help with?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by 04:30, please.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volvo. Please call 07811154619 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
We're looking for some places to go in town. We'd like some information on pools and boating in the centre. Can you help with that?|Definitely! Are you more interested in a pool or a boat?
My kids are wanting to swim. What are the options in that area of town?|Here is an option in that part of town parkside pools.
Okay. May I have their telephone number, entrance fee and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223446100, postcode is cb11ly, and there is no entrance fee listed. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I keep hearing about this hotel called Home From Home. Can you tell me anything about it?|Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. It has free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 7 on sunday, please.|How many nights will you be staying?
It will be for 2 nights.|I have booked the hotel for Sunday for 7 people for 2 nights. Your reference number is SRSOTYZ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi between the two places.|Before I can book you a taxi, what time are you planning on leaving parkside pools to go to home from home?
I want to leave by 14:15.|I booked the taxi. It will be a red ford and their phone number is 07801759620.
Thanks.  You've been a great help today.|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No you have taken care of all my needs thank you so much and have a good day.|You're very welcome. It was a pleasure to help you. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge? I would also like to request that it be leaving on a tuesday.|I have several leaving on that day. What is your destination?
I need to head to Kings Lynn and leave after 20:15 please.|The TR8387 from Cambridge at 21:11 on Tuesday and arrive at Kings Lynn at 21:58. Do you want me to book you a ride?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|of course! how many tickets?
Actually I'll book on my own. Can you give me some information about a hotel called Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|Sure thing what kinda of info are you looking for?
I would like to book 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. your reservation number is  B96VFV64.
thank you very much. that should be all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I need to find an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Do you have a preference to area. There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants.
yes, I`d like an expensive Chinese restaurant in the area of south, thank you.|There are 2 expensive Chinese restaurants in the south side. The Peking Restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you also like information on the second one?
No, but can you book me a table for one of the south side ones? 3 people on Monday for 16:30.|Unfortunately I could not book you at that time slot at either of the expensive chinese hotels on the south side. Is there another time that would work for you?
How about 15:30? Are there any slots available then?|There is availability at the good luck chinese food takeaway and you have a reservation booked. The reference number is W06BBN75.
Alright. Now can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like the stick to the same price range as the restaurant, but I also need free WiFi.|There are 5 different hotels that fit this. They all have free internet and also parking. Did you have a certain area in town?
No, I do not have a certain area.|How about the Lensfield Hotel? It's also in the south. I can book this for you if you'd like.
I need a hotel that has a star rating of three, does the Lensfield Hotel fit into that?|It does have a 3 star rating, and free wifi and parking, would you like to book this hotel?
Yes go ahead can I please get the phone number as well?|The phone number is 01223355017. When would you like to stay, and for how many nights and people will the booking be?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|What time do you need the taxi, and do you need it from the restaurant or the hotel?
From the restaurant by the booked time.|Yes I have booked you a taxi and a blue Honda will be picking you up to arrive by 15:30. The contact number for the taxi is 07711738338.
Thank you very much for all your help.|Welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, I believe that does it.  Thanks again.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for information on the cambridge belfry hotel.|the cambridge belfry is cheap, located in the west, and has 4 stars. It has free internet and parking.
Can you book that for me?|Sure, when were you looking to book for?
I'm sorry i don't need that booked. Rather i need information on a place to dine. Preferably expensive and in the centre of town.|What about the Cambridge Chop House? It is located in the centre of town and has expensive food.
Sure that sounds great! Can you please give me their address, postcode and what type of food do they serve?|The Cambridge Chop House serves British cuisine and is located at 1 Kings Parade with a postcode of cb21sj.  Could I make a reservation for you?
Please make a taxi reservation for me.|I'd be happy to assist you, but I will need some more information. Where are you departing from and when would you like to leave?
I'm departing from the cambridge belfry and heading to the cambridge chop house.|What time would you like the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the restaurant by 22:15.  I will need the contact number and car type as well please.|The car type is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572111702. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you. I got all the information that I need. Thank you and have a good day.|You're welcome. Thank you very much for using our service.
I am looking for information on a hotel called Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Yes, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is located on 138 perne road and is located in the east. It has 4 stars and it's price range is moderate.
how is it rated and give me the phone number and post code|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is located at the cb13nx and is rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can I get the phone number for that please? I want to book directly through them.|The phone number is 01223247015
Can you help me find a British restaurant in a moderate price range?|We have 5 British restaurants that are in that price range.  Would you like to dine in the centre or the west?
Area doesn't matter. You can pick one and then please book it for me for 2 people on sunday at 16:30|i found one at the west i hope you will like it i will book it for you
I'm looking for lodgings on the east side.|I would love to help you! There are 7 options in the East. Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine, but I would like it to have 4 stars. It doesn't need to have free parking.|I have 6 guesthouses in the east with 4 stars, are you looking for cheap or moderate pricing?
Cheap is fine.|The autumn house is a cheap four star guesthouse that has wifi and parking in the east area. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but can you give me their address, please?|Of course, the address is 710 newmarket road. What else can I do for you?
That's all I needed today. Thanks so much for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.|I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.|Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
Looking for something exciting to do in the Centre.  What's the best attraction?|Do you have any preferences for the attraction types?
Not really. Maybe a museum or theater, or something you find interesting.|I'd recommend adc theatre on park street, cb58as. Their phone number is 01223300085.
Can you recommend another one.|How about the Mumford Theatre?  It's at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road in the centre area of town.
That sounds like fun. Please get me their postcode and phone number|The postcode is cb11pt and the phone number is 08451962320.
I also need a hotel room.|I found 5 hotels in the centre area.  Are you looking for a particular price range?
It is a specific one. A and B Guest house.|a and b guest house is in the east part of town and in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
Need to know the train schedule from leicester to cambridge|There is a train leaving at 5:09 on Friday and arriving at 6:54.
How about on Monday? Any train leaving after 19:00?|I would recommend TR6223 which leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 20:54.
Please book that one for 7 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is X16ZO0Y8.
I also need a place to stay in the east area.|I have 7 places to stay in the east. Did you have a certain price range or other preferences?
I would like a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|I have the warkworth house located at warkworth terrace. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 7 people and 2 nights starting on Friday.|Done! Your reference number is 02RUTRTJ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
i need a place to stay|I would love to help. Which part of town?
Our family lives in the east, so how about close by.|Sure, we have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel. What is your price range?
price does not matter. but i need a 1 star|I don't have any 1 star hotels in the east.
How about a 4 star with free wifi?|Allenbell is a 4 start guesthouse on the east in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
What is the phone number for Allenbell? What are some places to go in town close to the hotel?|The phone number  for allenbell is 01223210353
I'd like some suggestions on places to go in the same area as the guesthouse. I need the address, postcode, and attraction type.|There are two museums nearby, would you like more details about them?
Yes I would like more information on both museums.|saint barnabas press gallery	is  located in the belfast yard, coldham's road , cb13ew and gallery at twelve a high street	is at fulbourn,cb15dh
That is all I need. Thanks.|ok, great! have a wonderful day.
Hello, I'm looking for a modern European restaurant. Got any?|You might like City Harvest. It's a very popular modern European restaurant.
Can you book it for me for 3 people at 14:00 on Wednesday?|I'm sorry, that restaurant seems to have closed.  I can reserve a table at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill if you'd like.
Yes, that is fine.  I also need a place to stay that has free parking and at least a three star rating, can you find one for me?|yes, i have 5 that meet that criteria.
i need one to be the same price range as the restaurant.|I found no hotels that are in the cheap price range like the restaurant.  Is there another price range or star rating you would consider?
Actually it should be in the moderate price range.|Would you like to try Hamilton lodge?
Yes. I will need it for three nights, 3 people starting Wednesday.|your booking was successful. Confirmation # is AJANORT5, anything else today?
No that was all I needed.|If you need anything else contact our help desk anytime. Have a good day.
I am looking for a restaurant called yippee noodle bar.|it is located at 40428 King Street City Centre
Can I make a reservation for 5 people at 16:0 on tuesday?|Reference number is : N7EM67OS. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes please.  I also need a place to stay.|Which area would you prefer to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the north.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse, and do you have a price preference?
A guesthouse would be nice, I am trying to stay in the affordable but not cheap range. Do you have anything that is 3 or 4 star?|Hamilton Lodge is a 3-star guesthouse in the North part of town. It is moderately-priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I need to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|Congratulations, I've booked your group a room, the reference number is NCE0R10K.
Great!  That is all I needed.|If you need any more help, call us again. Thank you and have a great day!
I'm looking for any type of architectural attractions in town. Do you have any recommendations?|I could not find any attraction that match your request. Can I look for museums?
There are no architectural attractions anywhere in town?|All saints church is listed as architecture, would you like to go there?
Sure, that sounds good. Could you give me the information on All Saints Church?|It is in the centre located at Jesus Lane and the entrance is free.  Their phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs? Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|Sure!  I have a few places in mind, but can you tell me if you prefer a particular area?
I'm just looking for something that is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would that work for you?
can you book for 4 people 5 nights and get me the reference number please?|from what day should i book?
Starting Thursday.|You have a room booked for Thursday.  Reference number is U3DO9AJP.  Can I help with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you and goodbye.
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.|I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.|Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results.  Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?|Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections.  Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions?
I need some information on Cambridge.  I'm looking for places to go in town.|how about all saints church? it has free admission.
Sure, could you send me the postcode? Is that a architecture?|Yes it is architecture. The post code is cb58bs. Can I help with anything else?
I would like a hotel in the same area as all saints church.|We have the leverton house at newmarket road with postcode cb58rs. It is cheaply priced. Is that okay for you?
That's it Thank you|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am  looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like?
I would like to book at the Leverton House as stated before. I need a room booked for 6 and 3 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8HO6GEBH.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay at in the north section of town, can you help with this?|I'm afraid there aren't any expensive places in that area. Would you like me to try a different part of town?
Hmm, really. I thought there was. Can you double check please? It can be either a hotel or guesthouse.|I've checked again. Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the northern part of town.
Okay.  How about one moderately priced?|We have 11 moderately priced options on the north end. Are free internet or parking requirements for you?
I will need free wifi and parking.|How about the acorn guest house. It fits your needs. Shall I book that for you?
Hmm, maybe. What's their postcode?|The post code for the Acorn Guesthouse is , cb41da. Anything else you may need?
Great, I will book it myself. Thanks for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to Cambridge.|There are plenty of restaurants in Cambridge, are you looking for anything in particular?
I'd like one that is cheap and in the city center.|Did you have a certain food type you wanted? I have chinese, asian, oriental, italian, spanish  and several other types.
I don't have a type preference.|would you be interested in dojo noodle bar?
Yes, that sounds interesting.  Can you also please find the hotel avalon.  Please let me know their address and whether they have free parking.|The Avalon address is 62 Gilbert Road and they do not have free parking.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at the restaurant?
I also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by 08:30.|What is your destination?
My destination is the dojo noodle bar.|look out for a yellow honda  and the contact will be 07009665644
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm looking for a steakhouse, please.|I'm sorry, there are 0 steakhouses in Cambridge. Perhaps another type of food?
What about asian oriental food?|There are 5. Dojo noodle bar looks to be a good match.
Yes, for four people, on Monday, at 15:00.|I am sorry I was not able to book that. Is there another restaurant or time you would be interested in?
How about 14:00 instead?|I was able to book that reservation for Monday at 14:00 for four people, reference number 7VB3NKTI. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I am also looking for a hotel.  Can you find the Acorn Guest House?|Yes, that is located North. would you like to book a room?
No, I would just like a phone number.  What area is that in?|The Acorn House is in the north and the phone number is 01223353888.
Great! I'll also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Certainly. Where will you be departing from?
I will be going from The Acorn House to the Dojo Noodle Bar.|I was able to get you that taxi. Be looking for a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07143451074. Anything else I can do?
That's all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need to book a train to Cambridge please and thank you.|I'd be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on sunday and departing from london kings cross.|What time will yiu be leaving?
I don't have a leave time but I want to arrive by 20:15.|Okay, there is an 11:17 that will get you there by 12:08.  Or there are a few earlier trains if you want to get there sooner.
Yes, that would be ok with me. How long is the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes, would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I would like to find a place to stay, please.|Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel? What area do you prefer?
any area but ut has have free parking and a 1 star|I'm afraid I am not showing any options with one star and free parking. Can you give me more options to look at?
I need free wifi as well.|I was unable to find a hotel to your specifications. However, there are three hotels in town that have 2 stars. One is expensive, and two are moderately priced.
How about a 4 star hotel?|How about acorn guest house? It's lovely!
That sounds great. Can you help me book it for 3 nights please?|Sure! What night would you like to start the reservation?
The same day as the train reservation.|And is it just you or will you be traveling with someone else?
No, unfortunately I'm traveling alone this trip.|Unfortunately, I am having trouble with that booking. Is there another day or hotel you are interested in?
How about on saturday?|I'm sorry but I can not book for saturday either.
Can we try a different day or a different hotel?|How about the alexander bed and breakfast?
Can you book it for 7 people for 3 nights please?|Okay I can arrange that for you. I just want to confirm that you want the reservation for Sunday?
That is correct|I am sorry, but I am unable to book that for you. Can we try a different place?
Can you please try to book for Saturday instead?|I'm sorry but the reservation isn't available for that day.  Would you like to try a different day or location?
Can you try for Saturday?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Is there a different 4 star hotel available?|Yes, the allenbell is a cheap guesthouse in the east with 4 stars, would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi?|Good news, that original place we talked about Acorn Guest house, the booking went through, the reservation umber is  JI5OJNRX, any other questions?
Thank you that will be all I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!
Could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced catalan restaurants?|I was unable to find any moderately priced Catalan restaurants. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes could we try one that serves British food?|I have more options of moderate british cuisine locales, any particular are you'd prefer?
No the area doesn't matter. I'd like to book a table for 7 on Sunday.|Okay. how bout trying The Oak Bistro?
Ok, book that place.|sure, how many people will be in your party?
We have seven people.|great, and what day and time?
It will on the same day for 3 nights.|3 nights... for the restaurant? You can only book a single day, did you want to book a hotel instead?
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 12:45?|I have your booking, the reference number is U8011RCM, any further questions?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4-star hotel.|Okay, I have three 4 star hotels available. Two are located on the west side and 1 in the centre. Do you have a preference for the area?
I do not have a preference.|Ok! I suggest the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have free parking and wifi? If so yes book it for 3 nights the same day please.|Yes, it has free wifi and parking. How many will I be booking for?
go ahead and book and give me the referrence number|I want to be sure I have the right information.  You want a booking for 7 people for 3 nights, right?  What day will you be arriving?
I will be arrving on sunday|Booking was successful the Reference number is : Q36UES95. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
So I can arrive at my location by the booked time you made.|Your taxi has been booked!  Your car is a Black BMW and contact number is: 07460105806.
You can help me by finding me a moderately priced place to stay in the East|There are 3 guesthouse in the east that are moderately priced. They are a and b guest house, carolina bed and breakfast, and warkworth house. WOuld you like to book one?
One that has free parking|Sure.  How about Carolina Bed and Breakfast?  It's located at 138 Peme Rd.  How many nights and how many people?  When will you need this?
I want to make a reservation for three people starting Monday. We will be staying for 2 nights.|Your Reference number is : 4K8MWGUW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a restaurant that serves Indian food in the same area as the hotel|There are five restaurants that meet that criteria.  Would you prefer an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
I prefer everything moderately priced.|Thanks for clarifying! I recommend Curry Prince located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. The same number of people on the same day. Please book for 3 people at 18:00 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YO377QCJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will also need to find a taxi.|I can book a taxi for you, no problem, I will just need to know when and where you will need the ride?
I need a taxi to drive us from the Carolina Bed & Breakfast to Curry Prince restaurant to arrive by my booked time of 18:00.|I have booked you a taxi to arrive at your destination by 18:00. It will be a grey honda and the contact number is 07912899437. Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you so much|Have a great trip.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.|Okay I found quite a few. What area would you like?
I need a cheap one that has free wifi.|I have 23 guesthouse that meet your requirements. Is there a price range or area of town you prefer?
Well I also would like free parking if that helps.|I have found 9. Would you like autumn house in the east? I can book for you.
Yes that one would be great. Can you book for saturday?|Sure. How many days would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
I need to book 8 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|I apologize but that guesthouse is unable to accommodate you.  Would you like me to choose a different guesthouse or change the day?
Yes but one in the same price range.|I have booked Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is V3GA3K4Q. Is there anything else?
No. That is all I need. Thank you so much!|So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
Can you tell me more information on the avalon?|I can!  The avalon is a guesthouse in north.  What other information do you need?
Can you help me book a 5 night stay there?|Absolutely!  First, what day did you want to arrive, and how many guests will be staying?
I'll need to book for 3 people for a 5 night stay starting on wednesday.|Not a problem, I have booked your stay there already. Your reference number is HNG3AW8R. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.|Your only departure site is cambridge. And the cost is 60.08 pounds.
That's where I am leaving from. I'll need tickets for 3 people and we need to leave after 15:30.|Train TR6725 will be leaving at 05:01 D o you want me to buy a ticket ?
No, I need the train to leave after 15:30. Can you help me find a train at that time?|TR2776 will be perfect for that time. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please.  I need three tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M27VMT7N.
Great, that is everything, thanks for your help.|Okay, I hope your visit is wonderful!
Hi, I'm looking for an upscale hotel. Could you recommend me anywhere in the west part of the area?|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is available in the west part of town and looks upscale.
Does it have a star of 4 and free parking?|Yes. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, most likely. Can you provide me with the postcode of the hotel please?|Yes, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, that will be all.|Thanks!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge area. I really like European food.|The hotel du vin and bistro meets your needs. Would you like to book it?
Can you first tell me where it is located? It needs to be in the Centre part of Cambridge.|Yes. It is located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb21qa. Anything else I can do for you?
What is the type of hotel?|The hotel is European, located in the centre, and is moderate in priced. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How many stars does the hotel have? I am looking for a zero star hotel.|It does not have a star rating.
Can you please book the restaurant?|I would be happy to get a table reserved for you. What day and time would you like?  Also, will there be anyone else joining you?
I will be there on Sunday.  It's just me.|What time on Sunday shall I book a table?
I don't know where my head was, I don't need a reservation.  Thanks.  I do need a 0 star hotel in the centre though.|I would recommend Cityroomz as it fits your criteria.  It has 0 stars and is in the centre of town.
What's the hotel type and postcode?|Cityroomz is just a hotel and its postcode is cb12tz.
Fantastic, that's all I needed, thank you.|You are welcome and have a great day.  Bye.
Can you locate me a hotel on the east side with free parking. Please provide me with the reference number.|We have listings for 5 hotels and 1 guesthouse on the east side with free parking. Do you have a price range in mind so we can narrow it down?
I would like one with four star. I don't care about the price.|I have 5 guesthouses that meet that star requirement. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House are all cheap. Carolina B&B and Warkworth House are moderate. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the Allenbell. Could you make a reservation for 1 person, for 5 nights starting Wednesday?|No problem.  Your reference number is GWQNWQXD.  Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your assistance!|Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east?  It does not need to include internet.|Okay! What is the price range that you would like?
Price isn't an issue for me, but the hotel should be four stars|a and b guest house is a nice option
nice! does it have free wifi?|Yes it certainly does.
That's great, can you make a booking for?|Sure!  How many people for your stay, when would you like to start your stay, and how long would you like to stay for?
I will be arriving Friday and I need it for 2 nights for 1 person.|I booked you a room at a and b guest house for Friday. Your reference is 2WB08P38. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you and yes. I'd like a train from Cambridge to Leicester for Sunday.|There are several trains matching your criteria. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 20:15, please.|TR9187 arrives by 08:06. will that be fine with you?
What time does it leave, and how long is the ride?|The train leaves at 6:21 and the duration is 105 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.|Great. I hope you have a lovely day.
I'm going to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on wednesday.|Where will you be departing from and what time do you need to arrive in Cambridge?
I'd like to leave from Standsted sometime after 15:30.|the TR1342 leaves at 16:24
That will work, can you reserve 7 seats for us on that train please?|I was able to book for you. The reference number is DSE7LBCU.
Thank you can you help me find a place to eat as well?|What kind of food would you like ?
I'm sorry I don't need a restaurant, I need to find a hotel that has 2 stars.|I would recommend Lovell Lodge on the north side. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking.
That sounds great. Book it for me for  7 people for 4 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : SY83O0SO.
That is all I need, thank you!|Have a wonderful stay.
I need a hotel in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars be located in the south area.|There are two guesthouses that fit your needs. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I don't care about price range.|How about rosa's bed and breakfast? It has internet and parking.
Okay so it has free parking. What is the price range? Also could i receive the phone number?|Rosa's is a cheap place to stay and the phone number is 01223512596!
Thank you! Could you help me find an indian food restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|There is one Indian restaurant in that area - Taj Tandoori. It is expensive. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. What information do you need from me?|What day and time would you like?
Monday at 7:00 p.m.|May I please get a phone number for the reservation?
Before that, can I please have the address, phone number and postcode for the restaurant?|Sure, the phone number is 01223412299. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton road, Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17aa.
I need a taxi to get there and will leave the restaurant by 16:15. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|Yes I have white Lexus picking you up at 16:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07932069775. Anything else?
Sounds great! That is all I need. Thanks.|Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I am hoping to get information about some places to go in the centre of town.|Great saint mary's church is an architecture site in the centre of town.
Can I get the address please?|Great saint mary's is located at market square and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. May I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for somewhere to stay.|What ammenities do you need for your hotel ?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and include wifi.|I found quite a few. What area would you like it to be in?
Do you have anything near my attraction in the centre part of town?|Yes, there is one. It is cityroomz. Want me to book it for you?
I'm not ready to book. Can you tell me the address and type please instead|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road and the postcode is cb12tz.
And what is the type of cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a hotel.
Thank you so much, that is all I need today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for visiting Cambridge and have a great weekend.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.|I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.|TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel|The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride.  Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : G368B2VI.  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi|I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.|What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
I would prefer a 3 star rating, price range isn't important.|Okay there are two options, the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel
I want the hotel located in the centre, as I stated before.|The Gonville Hotel is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a room or is there anything i can assist you with?
please just send me their postcode. thank you|The postcode is cb11ly.
Thank you for all your help.|You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I need a train departing from cambridge going to leicester.|What day did you want to travel on?
I'll be going on Wednesday, after 13:15.|We have one that leaves at 13:21, and arrives by 15:06 would you like me to book this for you at 37.80 pounds.
That's perfect. I need 5 tickets|Ok.  I've reserved 5 tickets for Wednesday leaving Cambridge and arriving in Leicester at 15:06.  Your reference # is A4T8DCJA.
Thank you. I also need information on a hotel called warkworth house.|Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the east side of town, would you prefer a different part of town?
I just want information the the Warkworth house, especially the address, please.|The address is warkworth terrace.
Okay, thanks that's all I need.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Can you help me find a restaurant located in the south area?|is there any type of food you would like ?
I would like Chinese food, please.|I have two with an expensive price range and one in the cheap range. Would any of those work for you?
book the expensive one a table for 4 people at 13:00 on monday|Both "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway" and "Peking Restaurant" are in the expensive range in the south. Which would you like me to try first?
It doesn't matter. Just book one for 4 people at 13:00 on Monday. I need the reference number.|I was able to get a table for 4 at the good luck Chinese food takeaway on Monday at 13:00. Your confirmation number is 06YU8WNX.
Great! I also need a place to stay in the same area as that restaurant, and I need free parking.|Your best bet in the south is the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. It's a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse.
I need it to include free wifi.|It does include internet along with free parking, shall I book you?
I just need the address please.|Sure the address is 5 mowbray road.
Can you help me book a taxi to get between the two?|Which one will be leaving from?
from the hotel to the restaurant, then back.|Alright I got your taxi and it will be a white Volkswagen and your contact number is 07658312417. Will that be all for today?
No that is all. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, any interesting colleges in town?|I am showing 18 colleges. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Not really.  Which do you think would be the most interesting to visit?|I would suggest Christ's college in the city centre or Corpus Christi college in the west.  Christ's college is free and Corpus Christi costs 2 pounds? Which do you want?
What is the postcode of Corpus Christi?|Their postcode is cb21rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in.|I have 24 guesthouses.  Let's narrow it down a bit.  Do you have a price range?
I need something with free parking and a 4 star rating.|That cuts it down to 16. I can recommend the Acorn guest house, or do you have a pricerange or area of town you want to stay in?
Pick any of them, please. Book it for 6 people and 3 nights, starting thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2WPLODLS.  is there anything else i can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in.  I prefer something in the expensive price range, and also one that offers free parking.|The gonville hotel may be a good option.
I'd like a place with 3 stars.|The Lensfield Hotel or Gonville Hotel both meet your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at either option?
What area is it in?|The gonville hotel is in the centre area and the lensfield hotel is in the south area. Would either of these hotels work for you?
i want the one in the south|In that case, you'd prefer The Lensfield. Do you need to book a room?
yes can you please. thank you|Which day would you be arriving at the hotel, and how long will you be staying?
Wednesday for 4 people, just one night.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : H9CE5KK3. Can i help you with anything else?
I also need a train going to Leincester from Cambridge. I want to leave on Monday and arrive at 13:00.|How many tickets do you need?
4 people please.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 6F8IVDHH.
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called kirkwood house|Kirkwood house is located in the north and is moderately priced. Want me to book you a room?
Please book a room for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Can I have a reference number?|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : VHYO8IC0.
Wonderful. Thank you.|welcome next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|You are more than welcome!
Can you find me an expensive place to stay that is located in the east?|The only hotel that matches your criteria is "express by holiday inn cambridge." Do you need help with booking?
Does that hotel have a 4-star rating?|It has 2 stars. Would you like to book?
I really would like a 4 star hotel. Is there one in the moderate price range, then?|We have 3 that satisfy that criteria. A and B guest house, Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and Warkworth House all fit. Do you have a preference?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast sounds nice. Could I have it booked for 6 people for 4 nights starting on monday?|I have confirmed your booking at carolina bed and breakfast starting Monday for 4 nights. Your reference number is RTNZCSBJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am trying to find a public swimming pool. Do you know of any?|There are four public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
Do you have one in the centre area. That would be nice.|Yes, we have 1 pool in the centre named parkside pools. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee and can I get their number as well?|Of course, I'd be happy to provide that information. Unfortunately our system does not have information about their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223446100 so you can ask directly.
Great I am also looking for some info on a hotel called city centre north b and b|Sure, City Centre North B & B is a guesthouse on the north side, fairly cheap with 0 stars. Would you like to make a booking there?
Thank you but I would just like the address of the hotel for now. I will also need a taxi to be booked, though.|The address of the hotel is at 328a histon road and its postal code is cb43ht.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 22:30|I have a taxi, a blue volkswagen, set to pick you up from parkside pools at 22:30. Your contact number is 07804944337. Is there anything else?
No that is everything I needed.  Take care.  Thanks!|We hope you have a great time.
I need a train leaving after 8:15 going to stevenage.|Is that leaving from cambridge? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|TR8913 will leave at 9:21 and arrive by 10:10. Do you want to book a seat? It will cost 12.80 pounds.
No that is all I need for now.|Do you need help with anything else? Hotel, attraction, etc?
Yes, a place to stay/  I am treating myself so make it an expensive one with free parking.|Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in please?
Any area would work. It needs to be a 2 star hotel.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for me.|I'd be happy to help. Is it just you, or will you have other guests? And for how many days will you be staying?
I do not want to book  it. I just need the postcode.|Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed.|Ok great, have a fantastic day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's moderately priced.|Sure, I can find one for you.  What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter, I'm not familiar with the town.  I just need free WiFi and free parking.|The acorn guest house is located in the north and offers free parking and internet. Phone number is 01223353888 and has 4 stars.
That's what I need. Will you book acorn guest house for me starting Wednesday for 7 people, please.|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or try booking another hotel?
Can you try again, please? I never told you how many nights we need. We'd like to arrive Wednesday and stay for 5 nights. We're a party of 7.|Oh, I'm sorry, that was my mistake. I do have you booked now for five nights now, reference number 1UX4GMPA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge. I'm coming from Broxbourne.|It looks like they run hourly at 32 minutes past the hour, starting at 5:32. Did you have a day and time in mind?
I'd like to arrive by 14:15.|Sure, the train that arrives closest to 14:15 is TR7834 arriving at 13:32. How many people will be riding?
How long will I be on the train?|You would be on the train for an hour, is this OK?
Yes, so to clarify, what time will that train be departing?|TR3158 departs Broxbourne at 12:32, arrives at 13:32, and is a one hour ride. Would you like me to book it?
No, thank you. The information was all I needed for today.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
Hi, could you help me find out more information about  Panahar restaurant in your area?|Absolutely! Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes, I'd like a booking for Wednesday at 16:00 for 2 people.|9725NVQD is your reference number, is there any thing else that I can do for you?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help.|That was quick, are you sure you do not need any other assistance?
I need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with free wifi.|I found 3 hotels in the Centre with free Wifi. Price range from moderate to expensive and from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
i would like something expensive|It seems there are two options that meet your criteria. The Gonville hotel has 3 stars and the University Arms hotel has 4.
The Gonville is fine, I need it's postcode and phone number, thanks!|Their postcode is cb11ly and phone number is 01223366611.  Is there anything else you need to know?
Nothing else about the hotel, but I will need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. Could you arrange this?|I sure can.  At what time would you like to leave Gonville Hotel?
I'd just like to make sure I make it to the restaurant in time for my reservation, please.|I need a travel time please.
I need to get from the Gonville hotel to the Panahar restaurant by my reservation at 16:00.|I've booked your taxi. It will be a black volkswagen, contact number	:	07720277206. Can I help with anything else?
All set.  Thank you.|thanks for using our services. have a good day
I'm currently planning a visit to Cambridge and looking for a cheap place to stay.  I don't need internet or any frills.  Any good suggestions?|I have none listed like that,a different price range maybe?
So, you are saying there are no cheap hotels in all of Cambridge?  Can you maybe look one more time?  Thanks!|sorry about that! why yes, there are 10 options for inexpensive hotels.
I would like to have a 4 star rating with free parking.|I would suggest autumn house
Sounds good. 1 person, 4 nights and leaving from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : AENEDXFY
I also need a restaurant, preferably one that serves portuguese food and is the same price point as my hotel.|There are two options here. Would you prefer the south or the centre?
I don't mind. Surprise me!|Nandos is located both in the south and in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be fantastic. Thank you very much.|How many people for the restaurant?
There will be just me.|What date and time for your reservation?
The reservation should be at 13:00|I am unable to book it right now.
Can you try the other restaurant?|Would you like me to make you a reservation at nandos city centre?
Sure. Just give me the reference number once you do it|I am in the process of completing your reservation and nandos city centre. What day will you be dining?
Make the reservation for wednesday and then give me the reference number|You are set, ref number is CPD3XEJI is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think I bugged you enough! You have been great and fast too!|Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need directions to leverton house, a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?|Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you?
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.|Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday.|What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.|What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after 20:45. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hi, could you help me find a train departing from London Kings Cross?|I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'll be going to cambridge on thursday.|Trains run that route every couple of hours. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 20:00.|The latest arrival is TR1149 at 17:17, is that ok?
Sounds great. When will that be leaving the station?|This train leaves at 17:17.
get me the price. also find me  a 4 star hotel in the north|I do not have any in the north. What else can I help with?
What about a Guesthouse in the North? Can you find me one?|There is the Acorn Guest house. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.  Would you like for me to book it for you?
Can you just tell me the address please?|Price for the train is 23.60 pounds. THe hotel is located at 154 chesterton road.
Can you book the room for me?|I would be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you will be checking in, how many people and for how many days?
I don't need to book a hotel just need the address and price range.|It is a moderate priced guesthouse. They can be contacted at 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I'm looking for a hotel in Cambridge in the higher prices ranges and would like for it to include free parking.|I can offer you 5 options, ranging from 2-4 stars, all with free internet and free parking. Where in the city would you like to be?
I would like to be in the north part of the city please.|I'm sorry, I have no expensive accommodations with your requirements in the northern part of the city. Will any other area do?
Do you have anything in the south?|Yes, The Lensfield Hotel is in the south at 53-57 Lensfield Road cb21en, phone 01223355017. If you'd like to book there, let me know what day, and I'll set it up.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Lensfield is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Sounds great. Could I have the address?|It is located at 53-57 lensfield road
Thank you. I am also looking for a train departing on Saturday from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|Okay, there are several trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?
I would like to arrive by 10:30.|I have one that gets there at 10:07.  Will this work for you?
That would be perfect.  Please reserve 8 seats for me.|The booking for 8 tickets was successful. Your reference number is 4MKJKVTR. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll do it.  Thanks!|Glad I could help. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Going by train or in a tree? Not in a car! Please, let me be ... helpful by telling me what I can help you with for your trip
Is there something wrong with you? I need a moderately priced guesthouse on the east side with a 4 star rating. Or do you need help?|Sorry bout that, Dr Seuss gets the best of me sometimes! How about 1 and b guest house on Tension Road?
Can you book it for me?|Absolutely I can book a and b guest house. What day would you like the reservation for?
My 4 friends and I want to stay for 2 nights, we plan to arrive on Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : H0GCL2M7. Is there something else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by 16:15 in cambridge.|Absolutely, where are you leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving London Liverpool Street on Monday.|TR6226 arrives at 15:07 do you want me to book it for you? The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Yes please for 5 people. I need the reference number as well.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP and it can be paid at the station. Reference number is Y4HS2Q9D. Is there anything else?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your assistance.|Enjoy your day and your stay.  Hope its not bad in any way.
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|Okay I can help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 4.|There are 33 hotels with a 4 start rating and in the moderate price range. What area did you have in mind?
It should also include free wifi.|There are no hotels that match your criteria. Would you be ok with a guesthouse?
Yes. I'll need accomodations for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.|I would recommend acorn guest house in the north area or a and b guest house in the east area. Which would you prefer?
Acorn, please. Could you book that?|The reservation was successful, your reference number is K6CPBLHM
Thank you. That should be it, thank you for your time.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I need a place to stay that includes parking|Would you have a preference for an area or price?
A hotel on the east side with free internet and parking if thats doable.|I have one hotel on the east that offers both free wifi and parking. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is expensive and has a 2-star rating.
I need the postcode too.|The postcode for that is cb13lh. Do you want me to book a room now?
No thanks, but I'd like some information on a train next.|i can certainly help with that. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and need to arrive by 12:00.|We have over 400 trains that meet that criteria, what destination did you want to go to?
This will be on a Friday and I'm going to Leicester.|Is there a time you want to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00, which ever one is closest to that.|I have the TR7505 that will arrive by 11:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes!  Please book for me and three friends.  I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : A6Z2U9VN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!|You're welcome, and have a great day.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the centre of town|The gonville hotel is in the centre of town and has a 3 star rating.
It doesn't need to have free parking, but just by chance do they offer that?|The Gonville Hotel actually offers both free wifi and free parking. Can I help you with booking a room there?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the east with free wifi.|Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse?  Do you have any on the east side with free wifi?|I found 7 hotels that are in the cheap, moderate, and expensive range. What would you prefer?
It doesn't matter. Let's go with moderate.|There are 3 entries that meet your requirements.
Perfect! Can you make a reservation for me for 3 people, 5 nights starting Tuesday?|You are booked into the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is WXN8W3MZ. May I help you with anything else?
Address please and thats all.|They are located at 138 perne road.
Thank you.  That's all I need.|Okay great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly! What information do you need to know?
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the west, and I'll need WiFi while I am there|I would suggest this one the cambridge belfry.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for now.|You're certainly welcome.
I appreciate your time. Goodbye.|Please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a expensive guesthouse.|Would you settle for a moderately priced 4 star?
Are there any expensive guesthouses in any area? I just need it to have free parking.|I'm afraid not. Would you prefer a cheaper one, or perhaps a hotel?
Sure, I'll go with a cheap one.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would you like to book it?
No, I don't need to book at the moment, but I would like the address.|Certainly! Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I also need a train arriving by 17:45 on Sunday.|How about TR7423? it leaves at 0500
Sorry the train should arrive in Leicester by 17:45 and depart from Cambridge on Sunday.|How silly of me to recommend an early morning train when you need to be there in the afternoon, I apologize TR9992,  arrives by 17:06, interested in tickets?
Could you please let me know when that departs and what the total travel time is?|Let me check into that for you.
Thank you, please.|That departs at 15:21 and the total travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help today!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
nope, that's it thanks!|Have a wonderful day!
Hello.  I'm looking for a museum to visit while I am in Cambridge.|there are several museums in Cambridge, which area would you like? there is broughton house gallery, cambridge artworks and several others. any preference?
I would like someplace in the center of town, please.|I'd recommend the broughton house gallery on 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Please give me their postcode too.|Sure. Postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a Hotel named Worth House.|Sure, its in the north, is rated 4 stars and is located at 152 chesterton road. Is there anything else? Do you want me to book it?
Does that hotel have free parking? What price range is it in?|The hotel is in the cheap price range and does come with parking. Would you like a reservation?
could I have the phone number please|Sure, it is 01223316074. Anything else you need?
Can you help  me book a taxi between the Broughton House Gallery and the hotel?  I want to leave the Gallery by 20:15|I have booked a taxi for you, it is a white lexus and you can contact them with the number 07850136314. Did you need anything else?
That's all I need.  Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge
Postcode	:	CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.|What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.|At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:45. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.|I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is CIGYXAW9. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a guesthouse. I need free parking and free wifi there.|there are 21 options. do you have any other requirements?
No. Just free parking and free wifi. Also I'll need the phone number please?|I would recommend the Allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east. Their phone number is 01223210353.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all that I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Sure, can you help me find a particular hotel?|I have a lot of information about hotels in the area. Do you know what part of the city you would like to go to?
I am looking for information on the worth house.|Ok the worth house is located in the north and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to know anything else?
Thanks. I need to know about taking a Sunday train from Kings Cross.|I have several trains departing from kings cross on sunday.  What is your destination and what time would you like to depart?
Hello! I'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern global food in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no Modern Global restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Hmm, okay, I guess I could settle for Italian. Are there any of those in the centre of town?|We have nine Italian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
Moderate price range is fine. I will need a reservation for 5 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.|I recommend pizza express. You're booked for 14:15, and the table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is MBGJNXHM. Do you need anything else?
No, you were very helpful, thanks for everything.|You are very welcome.  Enjoy your dinner party!
I actually could use some help finding a place to stay also.|OK, do you have any specifics in mind, such as area or price range?
I like nice places, so definitely something expensive. I do want it to have free wifi though.|There are about 5 options. All are hotels and expensive. They are located all over. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I know this sounds crazy, but I'm looking for an expensive  hotel with a 0 star rating. The area doesn't matter so much.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything matching your criteria. Can I adjust the star rating or price range?
How about a 4 star rating. I need it booked for 5 people, 4 nights starting from Tuesday and I will need the reference number.|No problem! I booked you the University Arms Hotel located in the Centre, reference number 9DOCJURL. May I help with something else?
Thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi between the two places, arriving at the restaurant by the time of the reservation?|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a red Skoda. Please call 07595199284 should you need them.
that will be it for now. good day|I'm glad I could assist you today. Good-bye.
please find me a place to go in the centre|There are many places to go in the centre of town, what types of places do you want to visit?
What's the postcode for your favorite attraction?|My favorite attraction in the centre of town is The Man on the Moon. It's a concerthall. Their postcode is CB12LF. Would you like more information?
Thanks! I am looking forward to checking it out. Can you help me in finding a guesthouse to stay at for tonight?|There are 24 guesthouses available. Did you have any other criteria?
Yes, I would like it to be a 3 star place in a moderate price range.  Also, free wifi.|I found 3 guesthouses that meet your request; is there an area you prefer?
No preference, however, I do need a guesthouse for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.  Once you have booked, please provide the reference number.  Thank you.|I suggest the bridge guest house and I can make a reservation right now for you. What are your dates?
8 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Reference number is : JOYGNDZ0. What else may I do for you?
Thanks I also need a taxi that will leave The Man on the Moon by 07:00|Ok great, and where will you need to go?
To Bridge Guest House please.|Booking completed 
Booked car type	:	white tesla
Contact number	:	07099497147
that is it. have a great day|you are welcome
I'm finished now. Thank you.|You're welcom. good bye.
Howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the alexander bed and breakfast|it is a cheap guest house located in the centre.  you want their phone number?
I would like the address please.|They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Do you need help with anything else today?
Could you provide me with the star rating of the Alexander bed and breakfast?|They are 4 stars. Does that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect! Can you also find a restaurant in the centre? I'm looking for Mediterranean, but not too expensive.|The Gardenia is your best bet. It's cheap, but fantastic. Would you like to book a table?
I need the phone number, address, and postcode|The phone number is 01223356354.
I need the address and postcode.  I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 19:00.  I need the contact number and car type please.|The gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their post code is cb23ll.  I can help you with the taxi. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing the hotel by 19:00.|I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a yellow Skoda. Should you need to reach them, please call 07153240944.
Great, thanks for your help!|Thank you anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|I glad we could assist you today. Feel free to contact us anytime, and have a pleasant trip.
I need to find a place to stay in the south, it does not matter if parking is included or not.|I have 4 places in the south, ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like cheap with a 4 star rating please.|I did find one place that meets your needs. It's Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Its a wonderful guesthouse. They offer both free parking and internet. Can I help you book?
Could I just have the phone number and address?|The address for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 53 Roseford Road. The phone number is 01223512596.
Thanks! I actually would like a room, please. We'll arrive on Monday and stay 4 nights. There will be 4 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : C9Z8AVU3. Can I help you with anything else?
I also wanted to find a theatre in the same area the hotel is in.|The Junction Theatre is located in the South near your hotel. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, may I have both the address and postcode for The Junction Theatre?|The address is clifton way. The phone is 01223511511. How else can I help you?
I'd like a taxi please to pick me up at The Junction at 06:45 and then take me to Rosa's. Give me the car type and contact number|A white bmw has been booked. Call them at 07945579886 if anything comes up. Do you need anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.|I am so glad that you asked us, have a great day. Good-bye!
I'm looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house. Can you help me out?|Yes, what would you like to know about it?
I'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on Friday.  We will be in town for 4 nights.|I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is XUSQ4E7T. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need a train that leaves after 9:30|I can help with that.  What are your departure and arrival stations please?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Peterborough, on Tuesday please.|How about TR9522? It leaves at 09:34.
That sounds good. Could you give me the arrival time and the travel time?|Train TR9522 departs at 09:34 and arrives at 10:24. The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please go ahead and book the tickets. Can I have the reference number as well?|7KKKCLIP is the reference number.
Thank you so much for all your help today.|Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No, that is all I will be needing.  Thanks again.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye
I am looking for a hotel named alyesbray lodge guest house.|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I would like to book a reservation for it.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. First, I will need to know when you want your stay to begin and how many days you'll be staying. Also, how many people will be staying?
We will be arriving on Sunday and will stay for 5 nights.|Can you tell me how many guests will be staying in the room?
There will be 8 guests.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 4UFN3SWC. Will that be all for today?
that is it thank you.|You have a nice day then!
Can you actually look up a restaurant for me as well?|sure thing what's the area and or name?
It's a place called Don Pasquale Pizzeria.|A very nice place in the centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, I do. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 19:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GVM0PAM2.
Great.  One more thing.  Can you book a taxi between the two places? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation.|Contact number 07404031593. You are in a Red Skoda.
Thank you so much that was all I needed.|Alright, hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
First, I need a cheap guesthouse in the centre. It should have free WiFi.|Yes I have two one is rated 4 stars and the other has a 0 star rating. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer the 4 star rated one. I need to book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting friday.|Okay. Your booking at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast was successful. Your reference number is 7IL8SAJV.
Great thank you|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train that leaves on monday going to birmingham new street.|There are trains every hour to birmingham new street. It takes 163 minutes. What time would you like to travel?
I need to depart from Cambridge, leaving after 20:30|There are three trains that depart after 20:30  The first one departs at 21:01. Would you like to book a seat?
No thank you! I just need the arrival time, travel time, and train ID.|TR2392 arrives at 23:44. I travels for 163 minutes.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am trying to find a good place to stay.|Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.|I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?|The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and can't wait to see some of your local attractions. I do need your help with some information.|Of course. We have so many attractions! What part of town will you be in?
I need a 4 star room in the centre please.|I have two options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
A hotel in the moderate price range. Thank you!|Unfortunately, I am not seeing any 4 star hotels that are moderately priced in the centre. We could try a cheaper hotel or a guesthouse?
How about in the cheap price range?|I'm sorry, but there are no cheap hotels in the center of town, either. The only cheap hotel is on the west side.
Nevermind.  Do you have info on gallery at twelve a high street.|Sure do. Their address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264, and entrance is free. It's a museum on the Eastside.
Thank you very much for your help, have a nice day.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I need to find a four stars hotel in the north that has indoor free parking.|We have seven matches for your requirements. Do you have any additional preferences?
It doesn't need internet included|I have 7 options for you. 6 are moderately priced, and 1, Worth House, has a cheap price. Would you like more information?
Does Worth House have free wifi?|Yes, worth house is a cheap four star guesthouse in the north area with free parking and internet. All our options for your other preferences have wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes book me a stay for 4 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday please|Oh, I'm unable to process that.  Would you care for a shorter stay?
Can you see if I can get three nights?|I was able to book a room for 3 nights. Your reference number is V96BTDAI.
Oh, thank you so much. You've been most helpful.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for information and could use your help finding a train.|I'd be happy to help. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave stevenage on saturday.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave/arrive at.
I don't have a departure time preference but I would like to arrive by 15:45.|There are five trains to Cambridge on Saturday- the latest arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for that one?|The cost for the train leaving Stevenage at 13:54, arriving Cambridge at 14:43 is 10.24 pounds, would you like me to book that for you today?
what's the train ID?|TR6607. Would you like me to book you on?
I also need a hotel. I don't care about parking but it does need free wifi.|What area would you like to stay in?
the south . and  make it a guesthouse with free parking also.|i have 3 guesthouses in the south. two are moderately priced and one is cheap. which do you choose?
Price is not an issue for me. Please recommend one of them for me.|Sure! I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 8 and 2 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful, the reference number is Y9ZD16I2, any further questions?
That is all I needed today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip to our town. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars.|Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
I don't really have an area in mind. I would just like for it to have free wifi and be a hotel instead of a guesthouse.|Cityroomz over in Centre would work perfectly for you then!  They do have free wifi and are a moderately priced 0 star hotel.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 nights for two people starting on Monday.|I have booked the cityroomz for you for 5 nights starting on Monday.  The reference number is MSZ63RPW.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a train from Cambridge.|Okay where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. Can you please help me?|I've found several guesthouse options, do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
Do any of those have free parking? I really need it to include that.|Three guesthouses rated 3 stars have free parking available. May I start a reservation for you?
Yes, at whichever one you think is nicer.   I need a room for 2 nights on Saturday.  There are 6 of us.|I have made a reservation for your party of six for two nights starting Saturday at Bridge Guest House. Your reference number is ZZ1ECCCS. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with British food.|Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular area?
It should be in the centre.|i recommend cotto, phone-01223302010
That's great.  I'd like to book a table for the same group at 14:15 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV3AQGOI. anything else?
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|What time would you like to leave and from where?
Leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by 14:15.|The booking is completed. Lookout for a black Ford contact number 07589149146. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I need an expensive restaurant in west Cambridge.|We have several to choose from.  Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I want Indian food.|I have 5 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like to try Tandoori Palace? Its located at 68 Histon Road Chesteron.
Sure,  can I get a reservation for Sunday at 16:15?  I will need a table for 3.|I will book that for you. Would you like the phone number in case you change your mind?
No I just need the reference number for the reservation for 3 people on Sunday at 16:15.|Sure. The reference number is CBAGG03S and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else today?
I would like a place to stay|There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for area, price range, type, or star rating?
In terms of type, I want a hotel. And I'd like 4 stars and wifi as well, with a location in the south|There are two places that meet your search criteria.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Price doesn't matter. Do they have free parking?|Yes as a matter of fact they do.
Do they have free wifi also?|Yes, both the establishments offer free internet as well.
Give me the address and phone number for the one you most recommend|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is the one I recommend.  It's address is 53 Roseford Road and it's phone number is 01223512596
Do they offer free parking?|Yes, they do offer free parking. Can I book a room for you?
No thank you. I have all the info I need.|Will you need a taxi to get to tandoori palace? I can help with that.
No I am good! I do not need a taxi.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No I believe we have got everything done. Goodbye.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
I would like to stay in a 4 star rated guesthouse.|There are quite a few options.  Do you have a preferred price range and location?
I'm not concerned with price, but we really would like to stay on the south end of the city if possible.|I found two guest houses matching your request.  Would you like to try the Aylesbray Lodge Gest House located at 5 Mowbray road?
Do they have internet?|Yes both of those guesthouses have internet. Should I make a reservation?
Yeah, maybe...but first, can you give me some ideas of places to go? I'm interested in some nightclubs in the centre.|I would like to suggest the ballare. Do you need any information on it?
Yes! Can I have the phone number and entrance fee please?|Absolutely!  The entrance fee is 5 pounds and the phone number is 01223364222.
Thanks! That's all I needed.|You're most welcome. Enjoy!
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay.|There are 33 moderately priced accommodations. Do you have a specific area or star rating you're looking for?
I would like to stay in the north part of town.|You have eleven choices in the north. Most are guesthouses, two are hotels.
Let's go with a 4 star hotel, I'll need 5 nights for 2 people, starting on Friday.|Okay. I booked you at the 4 star Ashley Hotel for 5 nights and your reference number is 67NA9WLR.
Thank you. I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant with the same price range as my hotel. Can you help me with that?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer to dine in the north or centre?
I would prefer it to be in the north.|I would recommend golden wok. shall i book it ?
Yes, please book friday at 16:00 for 2 people. And tell me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 093R1Y1T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need it to arrive in time for dinner.|A grey Skoda has been booked to pick you up. Their contact number is 07015780256. What else can I do for you?
You've done it all, thanks so much.|Have a wonderful trip.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.|We have 29 places that include both, did you want me to narrow things down with a couple more searches?
I really don't like hotels. I never have a good experience. So, maybe a guesthouse might be a better option for me.|OK, there are 21 guesthouses for you. To narrow it down more, do you have an area of town you want to stay in or a pricerange in mind?
Can you find one that will take a booking for Thursday and Friday for eight people?|yes if you tell me your price range.
I don't have a price range any one you recommend will be fine.|I would recommend allenbell.
Can you book 8 people for 2 nights staring from Thursday for me? I will need a reference number as well.|Your reference number is GUE0LWWA
Okay. Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that's departing from Kings Lynn heading to Cambridge.|When are you looking to travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you have a specific arrival or departure time in mind?
I would like to arrive by 9:00.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a place to stay on the westside that offers free wifi.|What price range would you prefer, moderate, cheap, or expensive?
I don't care about the price, and the hotel doesn't need to have free parking.|Would you prefer one with internet?
Yes WiFi internet please.|How about Finches bed and breakfast?
That is fine, is it in the East?|No, Finches is in the West. Are you looking for a place in the East?
No I am looking for a place in the West.|When will you be staying and for how long and how many people will be in your party.
I need to stay 3 nights staring from Sunday and 3 people will be in my party.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book the finches for you. I can check in the different area or price range, if you like.
Can you find another hotel in the same pricerange?|The the cambridge belfry is also in the same pricerange would you like me to check booking there?
Yes, please. Make sure it's for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Sunday and I need the reference number.|I have made successful booking there. Your Reference number is : 1PLDTXKH.
Thank you for all your help today.|Thank you.
Hi, I need a 4 star guesthouse hotel please.|I have 21 4 star places, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
The North part of town, please.|There are quite a few.  If you'd like a cheap alternative, I can recommend Worth House, on Chesterton Road. Or for a moderate rate, Kirkwood House is next door.
Could you book the Kirkwood House for me for thursday, 6 people and 5 nights?|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6G15LHZM. Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I need to find a cheap hotel that has free parking in Cambridge|We have a ton of those! Are you interested in a particular area of town?
I don't care about a particular area, but I would like a guesthouse.|There are 9 different guesthouses that fit that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
Can you pick one you know is a good place to stay and book it for 7 people staying 4 nights starting Monday?|You're all set at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is 5X64UYIN. Anything else I can do for you?
Is there any good attractions in the south, you'd recommend?|There are 8 choices, any preference for type?
Do you happen to have any colleges to visit?|Not in the south, I'm afraid. Would you like a different type of attraction?
Yes, I would. Perhaps a theatre or cinema?|Yes, I have found Cineworld Cinema that is in the south area. Their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get their entrance fee, as well?|we don't have that information available.
I am looking to book a train ticket. It needs to arrive by 11:00 and it has to leave on Saturday|I can help you find the right train. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I want to go to london kings cross and would depart from cambridge.|TR2138 arrives in london kings cross by 9:51 on Saturday, departing Cambridge at 9:00.  Does this sound like what you're looking for?
Yes! Can you book it for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is MTL1SC10. Thank you and have a nice day!
Actually I also need a place to stay in the east section, I need to have free parking wherever it is.|We have 5 guesthouses and 1 hotel, that offers free parking on the Eastside. do you have a price range you're looking for?
I am open to price, I would like it to have a 3-star rating and free wifi included.|I do not see an available hotel with 3 stars and wifi at this time. There is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi, would that do?
Well,  can you check to see if maybe there is a hotel like I'm looking for in the Centre instead?|The Gonville Hotel is located in the Centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to try to book?
Yes. Book it for two people for five nights, starting Monday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book that for you, would you like to try another day?
Ok, can you try 2 nights?|There was availability for 2 nights so I have booked your request.  The reference number is 61745O20.
Thank you. Have a nice rest of the day.|Thank you for using our system!
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a train leaving from Cambridge.|No problem! Where will you be going to and on what day?
I'd like to go to london liverpool street on Sunday. I need to get there by 21:00.|I have train TR7713 that departs at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27. Would that work for you or would you like something earlier?
That one would be great. Can I get 2 tickets on that train, and the reference number once it's booked?|Certainly. I have now reserved two tickets for you, which you can pay for at the station. Your reference number is 13GQ9S3A.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free parking.|What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay.|Can I recommend el shaddia guesthouse?
Does this location include free wifi?|Yes, El Shaddai includes free parking. Would you like to book a stay, or perhaps you would like directions?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?|Yes it does, would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Could you make it for 2 nights/ 2 people starting on friday.|I'm sorry, that reservation wasn't available. Perhaps you could book another day, or a different length of stay?
That's okay, see if you can make the booking for one night instead.|The booking was successful! Your reference number is 7V39SM46.
Thank you very much for all your help.|need any other help?
No. Thank you for your help.|Great! Enjoy your stay!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. I'm looking for a cheap room and the only amenity I care about is free wifi.|The Allenbell guesthouse is fairly new and is located on the east side of town.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for this weelkend|Will you be arriving at the hotel on Friday? How many days and how many people are in your party?
Actually, I just realized the Allenbell won't work as it is in the east. I need a gueshouse that is located in the centre. Do you have anything in that area?|I am sorry I have no guesthouses in the centre.
well that all I need thank you|Are you sure you don't need assistance in finding a hotel? I have many options to consider!
You can just end the convo. It's an option. You don't have to keep going read the directions. Makes it hard for other workers|If that is all you need today then have a good day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the centre.|Okay, we have some options here. Do you have a price range?
No, not really.  Do you have a favorite?|I like Eraina which is expensive in the Centre.  Are you looking for a table?
Yes I would like to book for 5 people at 14:45 on Saturday.  Is there a hotel near there? Preferably 2 stars?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is X1MZQY3X.
If you could assist me with finding a hotel, I'd appreciate it.  I really need a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.|Well, we've got the alexander bed and breakfast in the same area that has both parking and wifi.  Would you like to make a booking there?
It depends, I really want a hotel with a 2 star rating.  Does it have a rating of 2 stars?|No, it has a 4 star rating. There are no hotels with your requirements in the centre area.
The hotel doesn't have to be in the centre, just a 2 star hotel type with free parking and wifi.|I have the ashley hotel located in the north.
That's wonderful. Please book for 5 nights for 5 people on Saturday.|Your room has been booked! Your reference number is 6F95T0XQ.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Have a great time.
I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions.  Can you find me some boating attractions in the North?|Riverboat georgina is in the north. What information would you like?
Could I please have the entrance fee, phone number and address?|The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House post code cb43ax. The entrance fee is not stated.The phone number is 01223902091.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a guesthouse in the East?|The A and B guest house matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Does the A and B offer free parking?|Sorry, no there is no free parking. Can I look for another?
Yes please. I need a guesthouse in the east that includes free parking.|I have 5 guesthouses in the east with free parking. Three are cheap and two are moderate. Do you have a preference?
no i dont have any other than the free parking|I think the Allenbell guesthouse would meet your needs.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
What is the star rating for the Allenbell, and do they have internet?|The Allenbell has a 4 star rating and offers free internet and parking.  Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the postcode for the Allenbell?|They are in postcode cb13js. Can I help with anything else today?
That's everything I needed, thank you!|You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I have a restaurant in mind that I'm trying to eat at tonight.|Great, can you give me the name?
Yes it's called Rice House. I would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 16:30 on Saturday.|I can make that reservation for you.
Ok. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?|Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is ZIF2SFKO.
I would also like to find a place to stay with free wifi and parking.|Can you tell me how much you'd like to pay?  I have hotels in the centre of town that are expensive and cheap.
Expensive price range, please.|I have two matching that criteria. Do you want me to choose?
Yes, please. Book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 7 people.|Okay, your room reservation is for Gonville Hotel located at Gonville Place. Your reference number is ROQAGG58. Anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 0 stars.|Okay, and what area will you be staying in?
Not important, as long as long as it has wifi|I could recommend the El Shaddai.  It is a guesthouse in the centre of the city and it has internet.
I would like to book it for 7 people for Two nights, starting wednesday.|OKay, would you like me to send you a reference number?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : GJPMZK85
Can you also provide the address an attraction in the town centre?|There are many, many attractions to choose from in this area. Do you have something specific you'd like to see? Architecture? Museum? Park?
Will you recommend a college in the centre of town?|Christi's college is in that area and has free admission.
That sounds perfect. Can you give me their address, please?|Sure,  Christ's College is located at saint andrew's street. Is there any more info you need today?
Thanks, I'm all set. Bye!|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.|I have three hotels with moderate price range there is the ashley hotel in north, cityroomz located in centre, and lovell lodge located in north.
Do any of those have a star of 2?|Yes, both Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge have two stars. They also both offer free internet and parking.
May I have the phone numbers for those hotels?|Sure the number for the Ashley is  	01223350059 and Lovell's number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am also looking for somewhere to go that would be in the same area as the hotel.|we have two swimming pools, a boat, and a park. do you have a preference in which type of attraction you'd like?
I think I'll try the park.  Where is it?|The address we have listed is simply Milton.  Do you need a phone number?
Yes please and a postcode.|The phone is 01223420060 with a post code of cb46az.
Great, I think that'll be all. Thanks a lot for your help!|Thank you, and have a great day!
Hello, please find me a museum in the center of town.|There are eleven to choose from. Would you like an art museum or another kind of museum?
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art museum in the center of town.|Primavera is located at 10 Kings Parade.  The phone number is 01223357708.  The admission is free.  Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thanks, yes please. I'm also looking for some 3-star lodgings that offer complimentary parking.|I have places that meet those requirements all over town, except in the east. If price is not an issue, I recommend the Gonville Hotel in the center.
The Gonville Hotel sounds good. As long as it is close to the attraction.|What type of attraction?
I am interested in a museum.|well then the castle galleries is the place to go.
Oh, no, I am happy with Primavera, thanks.  I just need that reservation at Gonville.  5 nights on Friday for 1 person please.|I have reserved 5 days at Gonville hotel beginning Friday.  Your reference number is KS5S2XSF.
Just need a taxi from gonville to the primavera, I want to leave by 15:45|Booking completed!  Booked car type: yellow volkswagen.  Contact number: 07294843257.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'm all taken care of. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! goodbye
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 09:30.|There are 1064 trains leaving after that time, do you have a preferred destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.|There are 49 trains headed to Stevenage on that date after that time. How does 11:21 sound?
That sounds great. Can you please book that for one person and give me the reference number?|It has been booked. The reference number is 4SZT0AAV.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel called the Huntington Marriot Hotel. Can you help me?|The Huntington Marriott Hotel is located on Kingfisher Way. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from Monday. Also could you please provide me with the reference number?|All booked! Your reference number is 4EMWSAP1.
Alright, that's everything! Thank you very much.|I am glad I could be of service, I appreciate your business and I hope to see you again. Have a great day!
I'm looking for some 4-star accommodations.|There are over twenty four-star hotels or guesthouses. What area do you prefer?
An area that's close to public transportation|How about a and b guest house?
Sure, as long as it is moderately priced.|of course. ive got some options. you can check the out
I will be happy too. I will also need a postcode.|The postcode is cb12dp and the address is 124 tenison road. Do you want me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. I am just gathering information for now. Thanks|Sure thing. Have a nice day!
I am planning a trip in cambridge|Okay. I can help you find a restaurant or hotel, look for tourist information, book a train or taxi. How may I help you ?
I need a train going to Broxbourne that leaves after 8:00 on Monday|TR5517 will leave at 08:01 and arrive by 09:01. Would you like to book seats?
That's leaving from Cambridge, right? If so, then yes, book me one seat, and give me the reference number, thanks!|That is correct! One ticket has been booked and your reference number is WB6YZLP0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for information on a hotel called cityroomz.|I have it be sure to give me your preferences and we can start booking
I just needed to find out if they offer free parking there.|Unfortunately, Cityroomz does not offer free parking--just free internet. Is there something more I can help with?
No thank you.|Thank you so much for calling.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel.|Okay I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North please.|I'm sorry, we don't have an expensive hotel in the north end. Will anything else do?
Well, the area doesn't matter, as long as it offers free parking.|How about the Gonville Hotel in the centre area of town?
If it has free parking then I need a booking for  7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Reference number is : ETXC5B3T. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day!
I need to find a hotel in the north part of town.|We have quite a selection of lodgings in the north. Do you have a price range preference, or additional needs, to narrow down our search?
Yes, I am looking for a 4 star hotel.|We have 8 guesthouses with a 4 star rating. 7 of the them are moderately priced and one is in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
No.  Pick whatever is available.|acorn guest house is a nice place.Would you like the address ?
I'd like more information about the Ashley Hotel, can you help?|The ashley hotel is a moderately priced 2-star hotel in the north part of town. It offers free wifi and free parking.
That is what I am looking for. I need to book for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Four people will be staying. Please give a reference number.|Ok, your reservation is booked, your reference number is FCQZW2OT. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west side of the city.|We have nine restaurants that match your search. Do you have another preference?
Yes. I would like to eat Indian food.|The tandoori palace meets your criteria. It is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday.|Alright, now have a reservation for four people at the Tandoori Palace at 3:15 on Wednesday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, please provide the me the reference number for the reservation.|All booked! The reference number is O9WM39XJ.
Thanks, that was all I needed. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. You also have a nice day. Thanks for using our service.
No problem. I'm glad I did.|Thank you, goodbye!
A friend of mine mentioned this attraction called The Place. Can you give me some information about it?|Yes, it is a nightclub in the south. Would you like the phone number?
Yes. Phone number and address|The Place is located at 22 Sidney Street, postcode cb23hg, and their phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east in the expensive price range.|I have one listing for express by holiday inn cambridge, is that okay for you?
That works fine.|Alright. They're at 01223866800 at the property is on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like a reservation?
What's the star rating? I want to stay at a 4 star place.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is only 2 stars.  Unfortunately, there are no 4 star places to stay in the east in the expensive price range.
Let's try for moderate price range, four stars please.|I have three moderate price, 4 star guesthouses in the east.  May I suggest Warkworth House?  It's located at Warkworth Terrace.
Does the guesthouse have internet?|Yes it does have internet.
Okay.  That is all I needed to know.  Thanks.|Before I let you go, is a booking needed, or are there any other services like a taxi that I can help with?
No thank you I do not need anything else today.|OK, great. Please call again if there is anything else we can assist you with. Have a great day. Goodbye!
Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and would like to know if you have a train that departs around 12:00 from Cambridge proper.|Yes, can you tell me where you would like to travel to and what time?
I'll be going to London Kings Cross on Friday.  I need to arrive by 12:00|The TR1502 puts you in London Kings Cross at 11:51, will that work for you?
Yes, please book that for 5 people.|I was able to book you 5 tickets for that train. Your reference number is XNQN9BN0. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd like to find someplace to stay with free wifi in the centre of town, please.|alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap location. Shall I book?
I am actually looking for something in the more expensive range and it should also include free parking.|There are two locations in the expensive range, Gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel and University Arms Hotel which is a 4 star hotel, which location would you prefer?
Put me in the University Arms, same group of people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.|I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 3JP83PAX.
that is great. thank you. that is all for now.|You're welcome. Have a nice day too
You have been most helpful. Are there any colleges in the area with free admission. Or other attractions available close by?|Yes, there are several colleges in the city centre.
thanks once again|Have a great day, thanks
I need to find a train going to Stevenage. Can you help me?|What day will you travel?
We will be leaving on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 16:00.|How about a train that leaves at 17:21?
Thast will work,I need you to book it for 2 people and a reference number please|I want to confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If you want to arrive in stevenage by 16:00, I recommend TR0743, leaving at 13:21 and arriving at 14:10.
Yes, can I have the reference number and also a place to stay with 3 stars and fee parking?|The reference number is 4H7V2X8R.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi,|There are many hotels that match your criteria. Which area of town would you like to stay in?
area of town close to public transportation|Then, that narrows down to 3 hotels in the centre of town. Do you prefer expensive or moderate price range?
I'm not picky. It needs to have free parking, though.|Ashley hotel has free parking, would you like a reservation?
Oh, I'm sorry, I also want to make sure it's got a 4 star rating, at least. Could you confirm that for me please?|Unfortunately Ashley hotel is only 2 stars. There are no 4 star hotels from what I can see. Would you like me to search for 3 star hotels or 5 star?
Yes, can you search for a 5 star please?|I am sorry, there are not 5 stars available.
Well, I'm not sure what I should so. I guess I should go with the two star place.|How about a three star hotel? I have two that would match your description.
Do you have any 4 star guesthouses available instead?|Yes, the alexander bread and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, but only if they offer free parking. And free wifi. Do they?|Yes, both free wifi and parking is available at this location.
Thank you, could I get the postal code to this hotel, please?|The postcode is cb12de. Shall I book a room for you?
That is all I need for the time being. Thank you so much for the help.|Okay have a great day!
Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?|Yes, what do you have in mind?
I'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. I'd like free parking too.|There are 9 results that match your criteria, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the west.|I am sorry but no guesthouses exist that match those criteria. Would you consider a hotel?
Yes, I'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking|Sorry, I have no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area or a different price range, perhaps?
Howdy, I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay. I'd like a place with free parking.|There are many places that meet that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse with a rating of at least 3 stars.|I have nothing with that exact criteria, perhaps something with a bit of a change in criteria?
How about an expensive one?|I have Gonville Hotel in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel in the south that both meet your needs. Would you like to book one of these two?
Yes. Either of those should work although I would prefer The Lensfield Hotel since its in the south.|OK! I can book a room for you if you can tell me the day you're arriving, how many nights you need, and the number of people in your party.
Please book for 4 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|I'm sorry, the Lensfield Hotel does not have anything available then. Would you like me to try the Gonville Hotel for you?
Yes, anything in the same price range will work.|I was able to book a room at the Gonville for you, ref#AE00VOHE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.|Thank you for using this service. Enjoy your stay. Good bye.
Hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? Thank you|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west with wifi, would that be okay?
I would like a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi instead.|In what area will you need the room?
There area does not matter, but I prefer a four star guesthouse.|Autumn House is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the East.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday/|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 7IWUZFNC. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also need a train. I'm planning to travel from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or get there by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00.|There are 3 trains that will arrive by 11:00.  Would you prefer to leave at 05:21, 07:21 or 09:21?
9:21 works perfectly, can I have a reference number for that as well?|Your Reference number is : CZEKL8AL. It will cost 12.8 GBP.
That is all I need good bye.|Fell free to call if you need anything in the cause of the day.
Can you help me find a train departing peterborough arriving by 14:30?|I am getting the information up now, what day this week will you need that?
On Sunday please|Train TR3782 	fits your needs. For how many people ?
7 people, please.|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is 5WS52ANO.
Perfect.  Can you also help me find a hotel while we're there? It should also have free parking.|Wow, there are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you know which area of town you'd prefer to stay, or if a guesthouse is preferred over a hotel, or even how many stars or a price range of a possible location? There are so many to choose from!
I would like to find a hotel on the east side. I need parking but wifi is not necessary.|express by holiday in cambridge is the only hotel in the east it is expensively priced, do you want to go with that or include guestouses in a search?
No, I want to keep it in the type of hotel.  Does this hotel have free wifi?|Yes, they do! Would you like to book a room?
Yes, go ahead and book this. I will need accommodations for 7 people. We need to book for 2 nights, starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is MULV4YIP.
Thank you . That is all I needed. Have a nice day.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.|ashley hotel is a great place with free wi fi
Is it expensive?|ashley hotel is a moderately price hotel in the north area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I would prefer one in the expensive range if you have any.|The express by holiday inn is an expensive 2 star hotel in the east. They have free parking and free wifi. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book for 7 people starting on Wednesday and staying for 2 nights.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is N90KBZUM
Great! Can you please help me with finding a train as well? I need something leaving london liverpool street after 16:30.|how about TR9886? it arrives at 19:07 on Friday.
Actually, can we try for Wednesday? I'll need tickets for the same group of people.|Train TR2232 leaves Liverpool Street, London at 17:39 and arrives at	19:07. Would this work for you?
Yes that works. Go ahead and book me 7 tickets please|Your booking was successful and your total cost is 116.2 GBP. Your reference number is BWXB511A.
Thanks a lot. That is all I need.|Great thank you so much.
Thanks again, goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving leicester goig to cambridge?|Of course! What day will you be traveling?
I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 19:45.|There are 13 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by?
No, I said I need to arrive by 19:45 already.|18:54 is the latest on tr5154 shall i book it ?
Could you let me know the cost?|Yes, the price is 37.80 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I'm looking for info on a bridge guest house.|It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse in the south. Would you like a room?
No, i don't need a booking yet. I just would like the address please.|The address is 151 Hills Road. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Nothing more, thank you. That's all I need for today.|Ok, thank you for calling and feel free to call again if you should need anything further.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free parking?|Definitely! Do you have a price range and/or area in mind?
I would like the guesthouse to be in the cheap range.|We have a couple of choices for 4 star ones in the center and the east.  Shall i just pick one for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 5 people.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star facility with internet and free parking. Their number is 01223525725. What day would you like to arrive?
Great can you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ANH718Q1. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel and when do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and the train should leave after 09:00.|I have one train leaving at 9:01 that day. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book for 5 people.|I have booked Train TR3279 departing at 9:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0G1S9EH9.
Thank you for all of your help!|Will you need anything else right now?
That will be all. Thank you for all of your help.|Thanks for booking with us. Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|Thank you very much!
I am looking for a restaurant called Cocum.|That's a very nice Indian restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the phone number or a reservation?
I'd like a reservation, please. I'd need it for Monday, 14:00, and for one person. I'll need the reference number.|Your reservation at Cocum at 14:00 for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : PD01ZLA3.
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular hotel. It's called Home From Home.|Home from home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north area with wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Just me, same day as the restaurant, and I'll be staying 3 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TFWXYHTG. anything else today?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|Great. If you ever need anything else don't hesitate to ask.
i need a place to stay|Is there a certain area in town you would like to stay?
no area but I need moderate prices and wifi.|Okay! There are 17 places to stay. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
get me a 4 star hotel and whether they have free parking  and give me their phone number|Okay the telephone number of the Acorn House is 01223353888.
Great! Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for entertainment venues in the city center.|I'm sorry there's no entertainment in the centre.
Is there some sort of concert hall in the centre?|Yes, The Man on The Moon. Would you like more info on it?
I would need phone number, entrance fee, and address|The phone number is 01223474144. The entrance fee is not listed and the address is 2 norfolk street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Thank you for calling. Please call again if we can help with anything else. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?|What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.|The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?|The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?|The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.|Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?|I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|You're all booked. Reference number is IF53LR3M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all.|Thank you.  Good bye.
I need to catch a train that departs from Leicester after 18:30.|We have 35 trains taking that route, what day of the week will you need that?
I would like to leave on tuesday.|TR8632 leaves at 19:09. Want to book it?
Yes, please. I'll need a booking for 6 and the reference number.|Just to be certain, book 6 train tickets to cambridge from Leicester on tuesday at 19:09, correct?
Yes, that is correct|Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is M3UVOLVXD. The total fee of 226.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay that's a guesthouse.|What price range would you like?
cheap, but i still need free wifi.|There are 9 that meet those requirements, was there an area you wanted to stay in?
What's the best one of those options? I need it for 4 nights.|I would suggest the alexander bed and breakfast, it has a 4 star rating, free parking and internet and it is in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. For 5 nights for the same group of people.|What day would you like that on?
Tuesday please. Thanks|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is W7DGP5W4. Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our service today.
need a hotel with free wifi please|Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a place with a 4 star rating.|There are 21 4 star hotels with free wifi, would you like me to narrow that down with any other details?
Could you just pick one and book it for 6 people for 2 nights from Friday?|Did you want it to be in a specific area of town?
the area doesn't matter, could you recommend a place?|Huntington Marriott Hotel, 2 nights for 6 people beginning Friday. Your reference number is WQ7SC2AD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll need a train to Cambridge that same day, please. I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford after 12:45.|The TR4076 leaves at 13:29, and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book it?
Can you just give me the price on it please?|The price for this train ticket is 10.10 pounds. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks!|Alright. Have a great day.
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?|sure, their phone number is 01223354382. anything else today?
Can you book a table there for me? There will be 6 of us at 16:45 on Saturday.|I sure can! Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : QOQA5GZZ. Is their anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|There are five in the centre of town. Do you need parking or wifi?
I not need internet. I have no preference on parking.|I just need to know what your price range is and how many stars you need?
I would like a 0 star hotel.|You might want to try CityRoomz.
Can you book it for 6 people. We will need it for 4 days starting on Saturday. I also need a reference number. Thanks|I have booked a room for Saturday at the cityroomz hotel. Your reference number is 4AXQUT6U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for the help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a cheap hotel?|We have many, do you want a specific side of town?
I would like it to be in the north with a 4 star rating and free parking please.|The Worth House meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
Yes, please and can you send me a reference number. Thank you.|Your room is now booked at The Worth House and I will send you the reference number. Thank you. Good bye.
I am planning a visit to Cambridge soon and want to visit a specific attraction people are talking about. Have you heard of the funky fun house?|Yes I have.  It is an entertainment venue in the east area, would you like more information on them?
Can you give me their phone number please?|That number is 01223304705.
Thanks. I also need a place to stay.  I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating.|Certainly, would you like a cheap hotel? Or expensive?
I don't care about the price point.  But, I do want it to be on the west side of town.|I recommend the Cambridge Belfry. It's a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please, I need to book it for 3 nights for 5 people starting Sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. May I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about two nights?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VHKR1UH7.
Perfect. Thank you so much. That is everything I needed.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I need some info on the acorn guest house.|Certainly.  it is a well loved moderate 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesteron Road.  What specifically would you like to know?
I'd like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.  We'll be arriving on Thursday.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is QLC8BCAI. May I help you with anything else?
No. I think I am all set.|Have a wonderful day!
Oh, actually I'm looking for a great place to dine also. Can you help me with that?|Sure, is there a certain area and price range you are interested in?
A moderate price range in the center, maybe one that serves international food.|Both the Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant meet your needs. Both are popular. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me the address for the Varsity?|Yes, its address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I want a taxi to the Varsity. It should depart my hotel by 19:15. Please give me car type and contact info.|Sure, what hotel are you staying at?
I am staying at the Acorn Guest House.|Booked car type	:	grey tesla
Contact number	:	07216227516 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
I need a train to Peterborough that will be there no later than 17:15.|I have several choices, do you have a time for your departure?
I am looking for a train arriving in Peterborough.|And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|I have train TR1086 that leaves at 16:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 16:56. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will be fine can you get me a ticket?|How many tickets will you need?
I need 7 tickets.|I've booked you 7 tickets on the TR1086. Your reference is IJ6ZQ2GF and the total fee of 92.4 GBP is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|sure, in what area of town?
I am looking for a place to stay in the east.|What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter as long as it has free parking.  Are there any with 5 stars?|There are several places available, however, I do not know if they have free parking, but they do have parking. Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse type place to stay.
It doesn't matter to me whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, but I really want it to have free parking. Can you check on that again, please?|I'm sorry there are no hotels that  match that criteria. Would you like to try something with a different number of stars?
Can you try a 4 star hotel instead, please?|There are 5 guesthouse's that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I don't care about the price range. Can you book it for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us and we will be arriving on Friday.|I was able to book a room at Carolina bed and breakfast, the reference number is 168T25C6. Is there anything else you need help with?
That is all I needed, thanks for all your help.|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant.|I can help you! Is there a particular type of food you'd like to eat, or a specific location?
In the centre please. It will be just myself at 16:15 on Sunday.|Can I recommend the dojo noodle bar? It is a cheap asian oriental restaurant in the centre?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 16:15 and need the reference number. I need a place to stay that has free wifi but no parking.|You are reserved for Sunday with reference number 87TQQG9Q. Unfortunately there are no hotels without parking. May I recommend The Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap and four stars.
Is there a guesthouse available?|Yes, if you're looking for a cheap guesthouse, then Finches Bed & Breakfast should be right up your alley!
Great can I get the price range, phone number, and area?|Of course. The phone is 01223276653.  It is in the west part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book this location?
No thanks, I also need a taxi to go from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by the booked time.|It has been reserved. The car type will be a white honda. Contact number 07331361490
Thank you have a nice day.|You're welcome, have a great day, too.
Please help me find a hotel to stay at in the centre that has a 4 star rating. Thanks!|I have 2 matches. Do you have a type preference?
I want an expensive place with free wifi.|That narrows it down to one choice, the University Arms Hotel. It meets all of your requirements, plus has parking. Would you like me to check availability?
Where is it located?|Its location is on Regent Street.
Thanks. I'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get polynesian food in the centre of town.|There are no Polynesian restaurants in the centre.
Is there a Oriental restaurant in the City Centre that is in the expensive price range?|Kymmoy is a great Asian Oriental place in the center of town, but it's expensive.
That's all I will need. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please have a pleasant day.
I want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 4.|I show two hotels meeting your criteria.  the huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.  shall i book one of these for you?
Are either of those located in the west and include free parking?|The huntingdon marriott hotel is in the west and does indeed have free parking.
Could you book that for me? I'll need it friday for 2 nights.|Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book for a shorter stay?
Try just 1 night, then.|I was able to book one night, reference number is PHX8BZ7N.
I am also looking for a place to go in the same area.|Sure!  If you like museums, I would recommend people's portraits exhibition at girton college.  Does this sound good or are you thinking of something else?
I think that's good, give me the address and postcode.|It's located on girton college, huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223338901
Alright then, I'm going to need a taxi to get the two places. Can you hook me up with one?|Yes, I can help.  Can you tell me where your departure location is and a time frame you were considering?
I would like to leave Girton College by 06:00 and arrive at the huntingdon marriott hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white skoda
Contact number	:	07702130811
Hello. I'd like to find a hotel to stay in for the weekend. I'd like one with restaurants and entertainment within walking distance.|Would it be possible for you to book another day?
I would like to find a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|The alexander bed and breakfast would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you
YES I NEED IT FOR 3 PEOPLE FOR 2 NIGHT STARTING MONDAY AND I NEED THE REFERENCE NUMBER|OK, I was able to get the reservation for you. The reference number is I36DJXLT. Can I help you with anything else?
Find a restaurant in the centre that's the same price range as the hotel, please.|I found over 20 choices.  Is there a certain type of food you're interested in?
I'd like Italian food, please.|There is a Pizza Express in the centre that is moderately priced. Would you like to book there?
Yes, for the same group of people on Monday at 17:15, please.|I have a table reserved for you, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. The reference number is WU3RYCER. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome, have a great day! Enjoy Cambridge!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.|Do you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't. I just need free parking and 4 stars.|Okay, how about the Allenbell?  It's got 4 stars and free parking.
That sounds good. Give me it's details regarding type of gursthouse, price range , area and address|Allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side of town. Its address is 517A Coldham Lane. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, could you tell me about your museums?|We have many fine museums in town. My favorite is the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to get in!
could you give me the postcode and phone number.|The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112, the postcode is cb30af.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you!|Thanks!  Have a great trip!
i need a place to stay that has free parking|Sure, what part of town do you like?
I need a guesthouse that includes free parking.  I'm needing one in the moderate price range.  I don't care what area you find for me.|There are quite a few options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel with 3 or 4 stars?
Any one of the 4 star ones will do. Can you choose one and make me a reservation please?|I can choose a place, I just need the number of people, day of the week and how many night you will be staying.
I will be alone.  I need to arrive on Monday for 2 nights.  Just someplace clean and I'll be happy :)|your reservation at carolina bed and breakfast for this monday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : 3KKAFP7E.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the nightclubs in town?|We have about 6 different nightclubs in town. The newest is supposedly really popular. It is called Club Salsa and it is located in the centre of town.
Great, how much is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book a taxi that picks me up at Club Salsa at 05:30.|Okay, A taxi will meet you at Club Salsa at 5:30. It's a red Lexus and the contact number is 07245520750.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|I hope your stay is great.
Thank you!|you are welcome.
I'm looking for a hotel named Worth House|Found it! It is located in the north and it is cheap. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is that a hotel or guesthouse? And, do they have free internet?|It is a guesthouse, cheap, wifi and parking. Would you like to reserve it?
No just need the address and do they have free internet? I am also looking for a nice place to eat called the de luca cucina and bar|found it, de luca cucina and bar ismodern european centreof moderate price range. phone number is 01223356666	 code,cb21aw	and is located on 83 Regent Street
Thank you, I want to book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.|I was able to book it the reference number is 3EZLDF7Q.
Thanks. What was the address for Worth House?|warkworth terrace is the address, anything else?
I'd also like the hotel type and internet status, please.|Worth House has internet and parking. Will that work for you?
yes that works. I also need a taxi to get between the guest house and restaurant.|Ok, a black bmw will pick you up in time to arrive for your reservation at de luca cucina and bar.  The taxi's number is 07228077167.  Anything else?
That is all thanks for your time.|Thank you, please contact us again if you'd like additional assistance. Have a great day!
I'm looking for this particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast|It's located in the east on 138 perne road, cb13nx. Would you like to book a room?
yes i would love to book for 2 nights 2 people starting from Saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UQ6ZS49A
Thank you. Is there a museum close by that we could visit?|There are four on the East side. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Any of those sound good?
Can you give me the address of Cambridge Artworks?|It is located at 	5 greens road.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need a taxi to get between the two places please.|Sure, where would you like to depart from? Will you be needing the taxi on Saturday?
I'd like to leave from the hotel by 21:45, please.|I have your taxi booked. It is a black tesla and the contact number is 07357559847.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that seems to cover everything for me.  Thank you for all of your help.|You are quite welcome! Have a good one!
Is there a park I can visit in Cambridge?|What type of park are you looking for?
Any type, but I would like it to be in the south.|Ok.  How about wandlebury county park?
That sounds great! What's their address and postcode?|there address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, postcode cb223ae anytheing else?
I need somewhere to stay. Moderate in price, please. It doesn't need to include internet.|How about alpha-milton guest house?
I'm really looking for a hotel instead of a guest house.|Unfortunately there are not hotels that match your search criteria. What alternative do you have in mind?
How about a hotel with free WiFi?|we have 3 options where you can choose from
Any of the three would be fine. Can you book a room for Friday for 2 people, 5 nights please?|I've gone ahead and booked you at cityroomz in the centre, so you'll be close to a lot of attractions. Your Reference number is : SYEE88PA.
Thank you!  I'm also looking for assistance booking a taxi between the two places.  Can you help with that please?|I would be happy to assist with that. What is your pick-up point?
I'll need to be picked up at the wandlebury county park by 23:45. I'll be travelling to the hotel.|Your booking is complete, a white toyota will be picking you up.  The contact number is 07016487796.  Do you need anything else today?
That's it for today. Thanks for your help!|No problem. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
i need somewhere to go.|There are so many great things to do in Cambridge. Let's narrow your search. Would you like to go to a restaurant, hotel, or attraction?
I am looking for a nice museum|I found some great museums. Can you specify on the types of museum you are looking for?
You may suggest one to me.|The  cambridge and county folk museum is in the west part of town etrance fee is 3.50 pounds
Are there any free attractions in the area?|Cafe jello gallery is in the west and has free admission. Is that better for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number for it?|The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I also need a hotel in the south.|How about the bridge guest house located in the south area of town?
how many stars does it have?|It is rated 3 stars. Does that work for you?
I need something with 4 stars.|In that case I will suggest Aylesbray lodge guest house.
Yes, that will be fine. I will need a reservation starting on Wednesday.|How many days did you want the booking for? And for how many people?
I almost forgot, my husband would like for the hotel to have free wifi.  Does that hotel meet that criteria?|Yes, it does have free wifi. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
Yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on Wednesday and I will need the reference number after booking is complete.|Okay, you're all set! The reference number is EK9KZ64S. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Hello! I'm needing a place to stay in the center of town. Parking is not important to me. What do you have?|I have a moderately priced hotel called Cityroomz available. Can I help you book your stay?
No thanks, but can I just get some information about Cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a moderatly priced 0-star hotel in the centre. They offer internet and parking and are located on station road.
I would like to book 5 nights on sunday for 5.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : T9VLKXV5.
Sounds great- thanks for your help!|Have a great visit!
I need information on places to go and see.|There are 79 attractions, Do you have an idea of the type you're looking for?
Yes, I would like the type of college.  I will need the address and postcode please.|Can I recommend christ's college?
Yes could I have the address and postcode of the college please.|The address is saint andrew's street.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bu.  Can I help you find anything else today?
I'm also looking for a moderately priced guesthouse, one with a four star rating. If it doesn't have free parking, that's fine.|There are 11 guesthouses that fit your criteria.  Do you have a preference of north, south or east?
The area doesn't matter. I'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. Please make my reservation for 3 people, 5 nights, starting Thursday. Thanks.|I have you booked at archway house, the reference number is N8IRHQYO, any further questions?
Could you also get me a taxi between the two that leaves the hotel by 6:15?|the taxi is booked. it's going to be a yellow tesla. their phone number is 07606976296.
Thanks. I don't need anything else.|i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great one. Thanks again for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you, I'm glad I could be of help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.|I have 13 hotels in the north ranging from cheap to moderately priced. Would you like to narrow it down by choosing a star rating?
Yes thank you, I would like a star rating of 0 please.|The City Centre North B and B has internet and parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Oh, bummer. How about a different hotel in the same price range?|I can check. Would you like everything else to be the same?
Yes, everything else is the same.|I'm sorry but no other hotels have these exact criteria. Could we vary the price or star rating?
Yes, keep the same price range, but you can vary the star rating.|There is the worth house it is cheap and has a 4 star rating.  May I book that for you?
Yes, for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : RSNEQ2JV.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.|I am showing five hotels that fit your criteria. They all offer internet and parking. Is there a specific area you want to be in?
No, but the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse.|I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive guesthouses with 4 stars, but there are 18 moderately priced 4-star guesthouses. Would that be okay?
Is there one available in the cheap price range?|I have 7 cheap 4 star guesthouses,can I recommend autumn house?
yes that sounds nice, can you check for booking for 5 people and 3 nights starting from monday?|Yes, I will book at autumn house for 3 night for 5 people starting Monday.
Can I get that reference number please?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to look at another hotel?
please recommend another hotel in that same price range.|Alexander bed and breakfast is is the centre location. Also a 4 star cheap guest house. How does that sound to you?
Book it please.|I have made reservations starting monday for 3 nights and 5 people the reference number is JCCYU8ZS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Good bye.|Goodbye. Have a great day!
I would like some information of the restaurant called Royal Standard.|Royal Standard is a gastropub in the East, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
No.  What area is royal standard in?|Royal Standard is in the East.
Great.  Can you get me a phone number and postcode?|The phone number for the Royal Standard restaurant is 01223247877 and postcode is CB13NL. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Please book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on Friday.|I have booked the Royal Standard for 3 people on Friday at 16:00.
Thank you. I also need a place to stay in the south. It doesn't need to have free parking, but I do need free wifi.|Is there a price range for the hotel?
no, just needs to be in the south|The Bridge Guest House is in the south and has free wifi. It is a moderately-priced with a 3-star rating. Would you like to book a room?
yes, please for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|Done! Your reference number is JV5NNEDF. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. Have a good day.|Thank you, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.|There are 11 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow them down by price range?
Are any of those 11 guesthouses?|Yep there are 5 guesthouses. Do you wanna just try acorn guest house?
Does it offer free wifi?|Yes, it does have internet.
Okay. Please help me book this guesthouse.|What day, number of nights, and number of people would you like to book for?
I do not have all of that information at this time. Can I talk to you again when I know more?|Yes that is all right.
Thank you for your help!|It's my pleasure. Have a nice trip!
I'm curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the cheap end of the spectrum.|You might want to try alexander bed and breakfast.
I would like free wifi and it needs to have at least 3 stars.|I can't find anything that fits my criteria
Is there ones that are on the more expensive price range?|At the moderate price range, how about the Bridge Guest House?
That'll be fine. I would like to book 2 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|I'm sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a shorter stay?
Sure, can you book it for 1 night?|I was able to get the Bridge Guest House for 2 people for Tuesday night.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need the reference number for that booking.|The Reference number is : 3YXIHQLI.  Can I assist you any further?
No thats all, thank you very much!|Thanks for using our services.
Are there any trains going to cambridge from kings cross?|There are several. What is your departure day and time?
My departure day is Monday at 15:45.|The closest train I have leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get the travel time and departure time first?|Train TR9114 leaves at 15:17 and is a trip duration of 51 minutes. Do you want me to book it?
Oh, no, I see that train will not work for me. I need to arrive by 15:45, not depart by it. I'm sorry. Could you find me another?|I have train TR3194 that departs at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Would that train be better for you?
Yes, that would work better. Can you tell me how long the travel time is?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like free wifi as well.|Of course! I have a dozen hotels that meet your needs. What type of place are you looking for? A certain price range or star rating, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a 4 star hotel that includes free parking and wifi.|The acorn guest house meets this criteria. Should we book something?
Could I get the phone number and address please?|The phone is 01223353888 and the address is 154 chesterton road.
Okay great. That is all I need now.|Thank you and have a great trip!
I want to find a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Parking doesn't need to be free.|There are a total of 18 places that you can stay at. Would you rather have a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse please. Oh, and I don't need internet either.|There are 15 guesthouses with the preferences you have mentioned. Do you have a preference on stars or location?
Could I get the stars of the hotel and phone numbers?|the alpha-milton guest house is a three star location in the moderate price range. their phone number is 122 331 1625.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to dine. Im thinking British food and it should be in the centre.|We've got seven different places in the center of town to eat with moderate to expensive pricing.  Do you have a preference?
No just as long as it serves British food and is in the centre. I also need to get the post code for the one you choose.|What day and time do you plan to dine?
I don't care about the time or day. I would just like the postcode of a restaurant the serves British food in the centre area of town, please.|The Oak Bistro serves British food and is in the centre.  The postal code is cb21eg.
Thank you - that's all I'll need today. I appreciate your help!|Have a good day!
I am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after 17:30|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I am leaving Leicester and going to Cambridge.|TR9320 will leave at 18:09 and arrive at 19:54. Can I book that for you?
Please do, I will need this for 6 people. Can I also have the reference number as well?|Booking was successful and your reference number is 0RKJ93UG. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star place in the expensive price range.|There are two gonville hotel at the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south, which one do you prefer?
I prefer the gonville.|Would you like me to book you at the gonville?
Yes please. Remember there are 6 people. It should be at least 3 stars and expensive.|How long would you like to stay?
Just 1 night would be perfect.  Thank you.|Before booking the hotel I need to know how many days will you stay?
Perhaps I can book it. I will just need the postcode|The postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you for the help?|You are very welcome. Have a great stay.
i need a place to stay.|What area would you like to stay?
We live in the north so something close by.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking.|There are several 4 star options as well as a 3 star and also a 0 star option. Do you have a preference?
Whatever is available, please book me for 3 people on 4 night starting monday.|I need more information on your price range.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|I have found 7 guesthouses that meet your specifications and are in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Sure, coud you find one in the north?|Yes, I  found 5 guesthouses they have moderate price range, free parking,  4 stars and 3 stars.Which one will you prefer?
Could you please recommend one?|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok great. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FTFRIGTY. Can I help with anything else?
Yes! I'm also looking for a nightclub in town|What area would you like it to be in?
It does not matter but I would need the entrance fee|I'd recommend Club Salsa. It's in the centre and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the attraction at 21:30.|Your taxi is booked. Their contact number is 07080927615 and they will be picking you up in a white lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hi, I'm looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi.|Sure thing. I have two options for you, and they are both guesthouses. One in the east, and one in the north. Do you have a preference?
Are either of those two cheap?|No I am sorry, they are both in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book one of them?
Any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is cheap.|There are no 4-star places that are cheap and have free wifi. Perhaps something not as fancy, or in a higher price range?
I'm not sure.  I really needed those specifications.|I apologize, we have several options. The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap four star guesthouse, in the north area, with wifi. Would you care to reserve a room?
Yes, let's book it for 3 nights from Wednesday. There will be 5 of us.|Okay, I've made your reservation. The reference number is 525A3U0N. What else can I help you with today?
You've taken care of everything. Thank you.|Thank you have a good day.
Hi. I need help finding a hotel. Can you help me?|Yes, I can!  First, do you have a particular area of town you are interested in?
No and it doesn't need internet or free parking. I would prefer a moderate price though.|In that price range, I have 3 different options for you. All are hotels. I have two in the north and one in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
Does one of those options come with free wifi?|The ashley hotel and the lovell lodge provides free wifi.
Lets try booking the Ashley Hotel. I need it for 2 people starting Monday for 3 nights please.|I was able to book your party of two into the Ashley Hotel for 3 nights starting on Monday. Your reference is X21XYR7K. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to book a train.  I need to depart from stevenage and go to cambridge.|What day and time will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday, anytime. The train will need to be booked for 2 people also.|I have train TR9175 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43. Would youlike to make reservations?
Yes please book it.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is V93OC1AL.
Great, how much is that ticket please?|That will be 12.80 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train arriving in Cambridge by 21:15.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you would like to travel?
Sure, I'll be leaving from Norwich.  Oh, and I'd like to travel on Friday please.|I would recommend TR9589 which leaves Norwich at 19:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:35.
Okay great. Can you help me make a booking for 6 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2CUTCPH6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a play to stay in the east in the moderate price range|I will look that up for you,do you want a hotel ?
Yes, with a star of 4 please.|I do not have any 4 star hotels in the east.  Would you like to try another area or maybe go with a price range in the East?
Oh my. Are there any moderate-price guesthouses in the east with 4 stars?|Yes, I found three. I would recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast it is moderately priced and located in the East. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book 6 people for 2 nights beginning friday|You are booked as requested, the reference number is 5ROZN3ZO, any further questions?
Great!! That's all for now. Thank you so much.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Could you provide me with information about the Huntingdon Marriott hotel?|The huntingdon marriott hotel is an expensive hotel in the west with a 4 star rating. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes. I want to book it for 7 people. We will be staying for 4 nights starting from Monday.|I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I find a different hotel for you today?
Yes lets look  for a 3 star rating hotel,please.|I was able to get a room for you at gonville hotel for monday. Your reference number is 96GT1K88. Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today thank you!|Great. You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm hoping to find Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located at 53 Roseford Road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. I need a reservation for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|The booking was unsuccessful.  Is there another hotel you would like me to look into?
Yes can you find a different hotel in the same price range?|I am sorry there are no others in that price range in that area. Would another area be okay?
Yes, try another area, please.|Alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked reference number is YUX0ZQKU.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need to book a train Friday to London.|First I need your departure and the times you want to leave or arrive.
I believe I was in error. I need a hotel in the centre with 4 stars.|There is the university arms hotel in the expensive price range that has 4 stars would you like me to book that for me?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does
Excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 4 nights on Thursday?|I have booked it for you. Your reference number is 653HK2T2.
Great. Now can you help me get a train from Peterborough?|What time would you like to leave?
I'm flexible on the departure time as long as I get to Cambridge by 12:30 Thursday.|TR7094 leaves at 07:19 and arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, I will discuss it with my daughter.  How long does the trip take?|The trip is 50 minutes.
I think that is all the info I will need.|Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your visit and have a great day.
I am looking for a train departing Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.|I can definitely help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
I would like to leave on Sunday sometime after 15:15.|TR4651 departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, two tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is: SDRN9BTG.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free wifi, but I don't care about parking.|How about a and b guest house?
I am looking for something in the 2 star range. Is that 2 stars?|The A and B actually has 4 stars. There are 3 accommodations with 2 stars, though. They are all hotels, rather than guesthouses. Would one of those be to your liking?
Yes, please.  A hotel with 2 stars with free wifi is fine.|There are three choices. Would you like a list or to make a reservation at the top choice?
Which one is the best that offers free wifi and free parking and can I get their address please?|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the expensive range and offers free wifi and free parking, would you like me to make a reservation for this hotel?
No reservation at this time but I would like the address please.|The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I help you find anything else today?
That should be all for today.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me?|I can definitely help with that. First of all, is there a preference on price range?
Moderately priced with a star of 3 will do.|I have four options. Do you have a preference on which side of town?
I would like one in the North please|I would recommend the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  It is in the North and moderately priced.
Does it have free wifi? I will need the postcode if it does.|I am afraid it does not. Hamilton lodge does have free wifi. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. May I have the post code for the Hamilton?|Sure!  The postcode is cb41da.
I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.|Sure. There are 2 swimming pools, a boat attraction, and a park in the area. Which one would you like information on?
The boat sounds like something I'd enjoy.  Is there an entrance fee?|I'm sorry but the entrance fee can only be seen once at the location.
Okay.  Well, thank you and goodbye!  Have a nice day.|You're welcome!  I hope that you have a nice day as well!  Goodbye.
Hello. I've been recommended a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Can you direct me to where it is located?|Sure, they server international food and are located at 	Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would also like their phone number?
I need to call to book a reservation, so that would be great.|Sure thing. What day and time would you like for your reservation, and for how many people?
The reservation will be for Sunday at 18:00 for 7 people.  If 18:00 is not available please try 17:00 and provide me with a reference number.|I was able to get you a table at 17:00, reference number is SZGQO8JU. Since we were able to take care of your reservation do you still want the phone number?
I don't need it anymore. Can you look for a place to stay, please? I would like something in the north with 4 stars.|I have a few different options.  Do you need internet or parking?
Need a hotel in the North with a 4 star rating, should be a type of guesthouse with free parking, please.|The Kirkwood House is beautiful and meets your requirements.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, this sounds ideal. I need an address|The address is 172 chesterton road.
And would it be possible to get a taxi from the Kirkwood to the restaurant?|I have booked you a yellow volkswagen with contact number 07858089421
ok, that's all I needed, thank you so much!|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for information on the leverton house hotel|Leverton house is a guesthouse located in the east area. It's a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range. They offer internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223292094
Thank you for your help. That's all I need.|So glad I could help. Have a lovely day!
Yes I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is moderately priced.|Sure, acorn guest house has 4 stars, would you like me to book it?
I need a place in the north, with free wifi.|You have about 8 places that would fit your criteria. Almost all are 4 star rated. If you don't mind a recommendation, the Limehouse is known as one of the best.
That sounds good please book me a room for 1 person staying 4 nights starting from Saturday.|I am sorry.  It appears that the hotel does not have anything available.  Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different check in date?
What about 3 nights?|Okay, you're all set! Reference number is I198LDZ3.
i am also looking for  a place to go in town, college maybe?|There are no colleges in the north however Christ's college in the centre is nice with no entrance fee. Would you like the address?
Actually, could you give me the postcode?  Thanks!|Christ's College postcode is cb23bu and address is saint andrew's street
Thank you. Also, what is the entrance fee if any?|There is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. You were tremendously helpful. Have a great day!|You too!  Please let us know if you need anything else!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.|Well we have quite a few guesthouses. Anything in particular your interested in? Cheap, moderate or expensive?
I would like it to include free parking as well, with a star of 0.|I have two 0 star guesthouses with free parking. One is in the north and the other is in the centre. Should I book one of them for you?
Actually, I need it to have free parking and free wifi.  Do you have any hotels with these amenities?|There are two guesthouses in the cheap price range that offer free parking and free wi-fi. One is in the north and one in the centre of town.
I don't care about the location. Either one will work.  Just book it for 1 for 5 nights starting on Sunday.|Your booking is confirmed at El Shaddai. Your reference number is J7BTDTOL. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please, I am also looking for a train to depart on Friday from Cambridge at 10:15 to Bishops Sortford.|The earliest train after 10:15 leaves at 11:29.  Will that work for you?
Yes, but can I have the price first?|It's 10.10 pounds, would you like a booking?
Please book 1 seat for friday on the 11:29 train going to bishops sortford.  Thanks!|You are booked on TR8078. Your reference number is Y3T1L5E6. The price is 10.10 pounds. May I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you. That's all for today.|Awesome, you have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge.|can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
Well, I like Mexican food, and will be staying in the south part of town.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a great restaurant in the south. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you reserve a table for 7 people on wednesday at 17:15? Can you send me the reference number for the reservation?|Sure, give me one moment to book it for you.
Can you also help me find a hotel in the same area of town?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse with internet and parking.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It should be the same price range as the restaurant.|The Lensfield Hotel is a great option in the south. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 2 nights for 7 people for Wednesday.|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need the reference number?|Booking for Chiquito Restaurant Bar. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Q96J0YHE. Lensfield Hotel booking complete, reference number  : 2JQ95YF9. Anything else today?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!|happy to help. goodbye.
I am looking for a train arriving by 9:45 on Tuesday.|May I get your departure and destination information please?
I am going from Cambridge to Leicester.|TR2863 departs from Cambridge at 07:21 and arrive in Leicester by 09:06. Would you like to book this train?
Maybe... how much does it cost?|It costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm sorry, we have that mixed up. I need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. Do you have a train that arrives by 09:45 in cambridge?|TR6954 departs from Leicester at 07:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:54. Would you like to book this train?
Can you verify the cost for train TR6954 for me?|The cost for this particular train is 37.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like assistance booking tickets for this train?
Yes I would like help with booking the train and I will also need to book a hotel.|Your booking reference is NT43PSC0.  Now, if you let me know what type of hotel you are interested in, I can help you with that as well.
Can you help me find a 5-star room somewhere that offers free parking and wifi?|There don't seem to be any 5-star lodgings in the city. Would you like to try searching for 4 stars instead?
Yes, 4 stars would be fine.|The acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel located in the north side. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please.  There are 5 of us total and we need 4 nights in a row.  Thank you.|What day would like to start your stay?
I'd like to start my stay on Tuesday, please.|Ok great!  I was able to get you booked, your reference number is N4TJE8VR.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Nope, that'll take care of everything, thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great stay!
I'm looking for some place to go in the center of town.|May I recommend the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum?  It is located in the town centre.
Sounds neat! Can I have the postcode and phone number for the museum?|Certainly! The phone number is 01223324222 and the postcode is cb21su. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel called a and b guest house. Can you get me information on that?|a and b guest house is located east of town center, but they have internet and a 4 star rating. Their phone is 01223315702 and postcode cb12dp.
Thank you! What type of hotel is that, and the address please?|It's a guesthouse located on 124 tenison road.
Thank you goodbye|Enjoy your day!
I need to find a moderate priced hotel to stay at.|In what area of town are you looking to stay?
in the south are of town.|aylesbray lodge guest house is a nice place
Does it have free parking?|Yes they do offer free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, on Tuesday for 3 people 3 nights.|Your reservation for 3 people at aylesbray lodge guest house this tuesday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SWWMG3BG.
thanks for your time and services|Thank you goodbye
Can you find me restaurant with moderate prices that serves north indian cuisine?|I'm sorry, nothing is coming up for that particular type of restaurant. Is there any other specifics you may like?
How about one that serves modern european food?|There are 3 restaurants serving modern european food, would you prefer one on the south side or town centre?
It does not matter, I just need one available for 7 people at 18:15 on thursday|I have made a reservation at restaurant alimentum for you. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I also need the reference number please.|The reference number is DVDLH9NK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a guesthouse hotel with moderate prices in the centre. I don't need free parking.|Unfortunately I could not find any guesthouses meeting those requirements.
How about a hotel type?|Cityroomz is the only place that matches your criteria.
How many stars is Cityroomz?|It has a zero star rating, is this ok?
That is fine. Do they have internet?|Yes, Cityroomz has internet. Would you like to book it?
Not yet. I would like you to book a taxi for me between my hotel and restaurant. I will need the car type and contact number.|Before I can book your taxi, what time are you wanting to leave or arrive by?
I just want to be sure it arrives by the booked time at the restaurant.|Booked. Your car type is white skoda and contact number is 07075801794
Thank you very much for your help! That was everything I needed.|Fantastic. Enjoy your trip!
Can you tell me about any cheap priced italian restaurants in cambridge?|i got a variety. which is your prefered location?
I'd like a place in the centre.|I have Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Which would you prefer?
Zizzi please, can you book me for 6 people on saturday at 16:15?|Yes that booking was successful and your reference number is 10TULA8Z.
Thanks! I also need to find a cheap hotel.|I found The Cambridge Belfry.  It is cheap but well valued.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it?
Yes and I need the reference number. Also I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant on time. I would like the number and car type please.|Let's finish booking the cambridge belfry first. How many people are going to stay?
There will be 6 people staying for two nights.|What day would you be arriving?
We need to check in on Saturday.|The booking was successful for 2 nights at The Cambridge Belfry with check-in on Saturday. Reference number NCCFYY9W. Would you like to book that taxi now?
Yes, please.  I want to book if to get me to the restaurant on time.|You are all set the car type is a yellow honda and the contact number is 079969243265. Do you need anything else today?
I don't need anything else. Thank you, bye!|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the north of town.|Okay, we can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
Moderate would work best for my budget, thanks for asking.|I can book you a room at acorn guest house.
Do they have free wifi?|yes most of them do
Can you give me the address and post code?|it is situated in 154 chesterton road ,cb41da
Thank you.  Can you also find a an attraction called Cineworld Cinema?|Cineworld is a cinema on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. What would you like to know about it?
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000. Can I hlep with anything else?
That's all. Thanks for your help. Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day.  Farewell
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town|There are 69 places to eat in Centre. Do you have a specific type of food or price range you are wanting?
I'm looking for European food.  This is a special dinner, so something expensive.|There are three restaurants in the centre that serve European food with an expensive price range.  Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday, 
Make sure you get the reference number|There are three different places:  Eraina, Michaelhouse Cafe and Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.  Which would you like me to book?
You can pick. I need reservations for 7 people on saturday at 14:45.|Eraina is perfect for your special dinner. Your table will be held for 15 minutes after your reserved time of 14:45. Your reference number is YQXGPLLY. Do you need anything else?
Great. I need to find a guesthouse that has free wifi and free parking, the better half is so cheap.|that's just fine, i actually have 21 options for you!
Can you please recommend one and book it for 4 nights?|arbury lodge guesthouse in the north is great. They are moderately priced, I can book you a room how many people are staying and when are you checking in?
The 7 of us will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights.|The booking for 7 is entered under the reference number ZW3FVVQZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between dinner and the hotel. Can you please help me with the contact number and car type?|I can go ahead and do that for you. What time will you be leaving the restaurant?
Actually, I need to go from the hotel to dinner. I want to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45.|I have you booked in a yellow Honda, you can contact them at 07910205264. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us today.  Have a nice day.
I'm looking to get some information on the alpha-milton guest house|The Alpha-Milton guesthouse in the north and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a room?
Not yet, but can you tell me the postcode for this guesthouse?|The postcode is cb41xa. Can I help with anything else?
No, thanks. That's all I needed. Have a great day. Bye!|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling.  Have a nice day.
Hi, I need a guest house to stay in, please.|I've found 24 different guesthouses for you. Would you like some recommendations based on more preferences?
I need free wifi and it should have a star rating of 3 please.|I found 3 guesthouses matching your criteria in the north, south, and west . What part of town would you prefer?
I'd like something on the north side of town.|I have the Hamilton Lodge on chesterton road, would that be ok?
Yes please book it for 6 on tuesday and I will be staying 5 nights if that's available.|There are no guest house's available in the north. How about a hotel instead?
That would be fine as long as it is in the same price range|I am sorry there are no hotels that match either.  Would you like to try a different part of town or star rating?
Yes. Would you check the west part of town please?|I'm sorry, there is none that match your request in the west. Should I try different star rating or another part of town?
Could you try a hotel in the west in the same price range. The star does not matter.|Hobsons House is a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the west. I was able to book that for you, ref#LQIVXPCX. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Can you tell me about cineworld cinema? I'd like a train into Cambridge on Thursday leaving around 09:00 also.  I'll be leaving from Stratford. What is the fair? Thank you.|OK, one at a time. Cineworld Cinema is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, in the south part of town.
Can I have the postcode and phone number, please?|The postcode is cb17dy	and the phone number is 00872208000.  Now, let's check on that train.
Thank you. Again, I will be leaving from Stratford around 09:00 going to Cambridge and I would like to know the fair also.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Would you please restate your requirements?
Forget the train for now, I need a 3 star guesthouse.|The alpha-milton guest house is located in the north with postcode cb41xa and is 3 stars.  Its phone number is 01223311625.  Would you like me to book this?
Yes, please book it for me.|Can you tell me what day you are wanting to start your stay?
Actually I don't want to book yet, I just am looking for the postcode and area of a guesthouse with 3 stars and moderately priced.|The Alpha-Milton guesthouse is a 3 star guesthouse located in the north.
Great. Can I have the postcode for the Aplha-Milton guesthouse?|Certainly.  The postcode is cb41xa.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for everything! Thats all I needed.|You are all set, have a good time.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great stay.
I am looking for a five star guesthouse to stay in.|There are no 5 Star Guest Houses in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
Are there any 5 star hotels in that area?|I am not finding any 5 star hotels. Would you like to try a different rating?
Okay, let's try a 4 star rating instead. Do you have any guesthouses listed with a 4 star rating?|yes, there are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings.
What is the price range and area?|They are located all across town, from all price ranges. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care about the location or price.|In that case may I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's located in the north and has a moderate price range with a four star rating.
Do they have internet?|Yes, they offer both parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No thanks but I'm looking for something to do around town|Do you have any preferences on things to do or area?
I need an attraction in the type of concerthall.|The man on the moon is the only concerthall, but it is in the the centre, would you like more info on that or for me to run another sarch?
what is its entrance fee?|We don't have information on the entrance fee, but their number is 01223474144 if you would like to contact them.
Thank you for the information.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all I needed.|Ok! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking forward to seeing some local attractions in the Centre. Do you have any recommendations?|I have over 40 to choose from. Did you happen to have a certain type of attraction in mind?
No particular attraction in mind. What do you recommend?|Does it matter if there is a charge or do you prefer something that is free?
I don't mind I just will need their address when you have chosen one.|I've heard great things about the boat attraction, the Cambridge Punter! The address is 251a Chesterton Road. Can I be of any further help?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the same area as the attraction.|There are great choices in the centre. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I'd prefer a hotel, it doesn't need to have parking as I'll be taking the train into town.|Do you have any other requirements?
No. Which one do you recommend?|I would recommend cityroomz, i hear it's lovely
That will be great. I'll need to book it for Sunday. We will be staying 3 nights and it's 8 people.|Would you like me to book that for you then?
yes please book|I have you booked, the reference number is WWB56SIX, can I help with anything else?
That is everything I need.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend a hotel in the North of town with free parking, please?|I have 2 both moderate pricing. The ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Are either of those guesthouses in the moderate price range?|Yes, both of them are!  We've got Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.  Do you have a preference?
Book Ashley Hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from saturday|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 4IJ1WV2N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for handling the lodging. I am looking for something to do in the area by the hotel. Any suggestions?|How about milton county park?  It is the north part of town.
I like the sound of that. Can you tell me the type and entrance fee please?|It is a park and the fee is free
I also need a taxi to between the 2 places. I need to leave milton county park by 12:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the hotel.|Are you wanting to leave from the park or the restaurant?
I'll be leaving from the park.|Okay, be on the lookout for a black bmw. Contact number is 07120499687. Anything else?
That's it for me. Thank you, bye!|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay in the north in the moderate price range if you could help me.|Acorn Guesthouse offers moderate pricing in the North. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. Please book it.|What day will you be arriving?
I need the booking for 6 people, for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.|Okay, the booking was successful. Confirmation code is KNHD4Q79.
Also I need a train to Cambridge to depart Norwich at 8:30 on Tuesday. I need the train ID too.|Of course, train TR4134 will be leaving Norwich at 9:16, would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the train ID. Thanks.|Okay, the train ID is TR4134. Anything else today?
No that was all I needed. I appreciate your help.|I am glad to be of service! Bye for now!
Hello! Can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the Centre of town, please?|I heaar university arms hotel is nice.
What's the price? I need something in cheap range.|Yes it is very affordable and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Have a great time!
I would like to find a museum to to go to in the centre in town. Can you help me?|Broughton house gallery is a museum in the cetnre of town.
Can I have the postcode?|Yes the post code is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nice place to stay. 4-stars, expensive - that sort of thing.|In what area?
Also in the centre of town, please. And, I'm not too fond of guesthouses, so can you try for a hotel instead please. Thanks.|The university arms hotel meets your needs. If you give me your travel details, I can book it for you.
Sounds good! I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights, starting on Saturday.|I've completed your booking, your reference number is BXRZYUU7. What else can I help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi to get to the hotel after visiting the museum.|I can definitely help with that. First I'll need to know though either when you want to leave the attraction or what time you want to arrive at the hotel by
I want to leave the attraction by 14:00.|You are booked for a red Volkswagen. Your contact number is 07391981336. May I help you with anything else?
Attraction, lodging and taxi. That's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.|Glad I could help.  Enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
i need a moderately priced hotel in south cambridge.|There are no moderately priced hotels in the south. Would you be interested in a moderately priced guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for the warkworth house hotel.|The warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area of town. Would you like me to book the guesthouse for you?
Yes, I would like to book for four people starting Thursday night and lasting three nights.|I have booked your hotel at the Warkworth House, arriving Thursday for three nights.  Your reference number is 853I1LMK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a nightclub in centre of town.|There are five nightclubs in that area. Would you like more info on them?
Yes can I get the phone number and address for them?|Is there a particular one you would like the address and phone number for, or would you like the contact information for all of them?
Ah, just pick one for me that looks interesting, and give me the address and phone number for that one.|Okay. Club Salsa's telephone number is 07782218745 and their address is 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds by the way.
That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I Am looking for a four star guest house..|Yes I have several listings in different parts of the city. Do you have a price range or location preference?
I'll need free wifi.|That's no problem. 18 of our lodging establishments offer free wifi. Is there a price range or location you'd prefer?
Not really, but I will need a room for 5 starting on Thursday. Are there any with that availability?|How many nights would you like to stay?
We'll be staying for five nights.|I have made a booking at the acorn guest house for you. The reservation number is 0LV52R28.
Thank you.  Could I please get the address and phone number?|Yes, address is 154 chesterton road. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will do. Thanks!|Have a good trip. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of cambridge.|We have 11. The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is a popular choice. It's over on downing street, and offers free admission.
That sounds great, can you tell me their full address and postcode, please?|University of Cambridge, Downing Street. Postcode cb23dz. Anything else.
Yes, can you help me find some places to eat?|Absolutely, would you like the restaurant to be in the centre as well?
Yes, please. It should be in the cheap price range.|the incorrect domain was selected, please fix.
Asian food please.|wrong domain won't let you book a table
Also, I need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. The price should be cheap or moderate, and I need the postcode.|Cityroomz hotel is in the centre and is moderately priced with internet. The postcode is cb12tz. Shall I book that for you?
Not right now, thanks. I do need a taxi, though. I want to leave the hotel at 03:30 (I'm an early riser!) and head to the museum.|No worries, we have 24/7 taxi service, your are set.  Look for a white Toyota, they are reachable at 07763641643, any further questions?
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything else do not hesitate to call us back. Have a fun day!
Hello, can you help me find a cheap guesthouse?|There are 9 to choose from. What area would you like?
I don't care.  I'd like a hotel though, with 4 stars.|Okay, the cambridge belfry fits all of your needs.
That sounds wonderful. Can you please book a reservation for 7 people?|On which day would you like to start this reservation?
Sunday, for 4 nights please.|I was able to book the room the reference number is YS8H6AOE. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thank you so much. That is all for today.|You're welcome. have a great trip!
I need a place to eat with a moderate price.|Sure.  Do you have any preferences as far as area of the city or cuisine type?
I really need it to be moderate in price and located in Centre please.|There are 21 moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Would British food interest you?
Yes, if you could get me the phone number and postcode, that would be nice.|Restaurant one seven postcode is cb21ab and phone is 01223337766.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also still looking for a hotel. Some kind of guesthouse, maybe? Although I do need access to parking and wifi.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre near the restaurant, it is 4 stars and in the cheap price range.  They offer both internet and wifi.
that's cool, but how about something more moderately priced?|There is nothing matching that criteria in the moderate price range in the centre. Is it possible to modify your criteria?
The guest house does not need to be in the centre. Which part part of my criteria needs to be modified?|How about acorn guest house? It's in the north.
That sounds good, can I get a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|Okay, here we go.  The Booking was successful.  The reference number is RRET7JGM.  Will that be all?
Yes thank you, thats all I need today.|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful trip.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I am looking for a train can you help out?|That's not a problem. Where will you be going to?
Stansted Airport, I will need the train to leave after 10:15 please.|Can you tell me what day you need the train and for how many people?
I need the train on Saturday and I am booking for 4 people.|The TR6310 train departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 10:24. Will that work for you?
That is perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with that, as well?|Certainly. What part of town do you prefer?
I'm sorry, there's been a mistake. I need to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport. The train must leave after 10:15. I need four tickets.|I have a 10:40 and every hour after that. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number for that booking?|I can most definitely give you the reference number once the booking is complete. How many tickets would you be needing?
Like I said, I need four tickets.|Sure, I have booked four tickets for cambridge to stansted airport saturday, your reference number is YONURJSX. May I help with anything else?
I will also need a place to stay. A cheap guesthouse.|There are several guesthouses that are cheap. What area would you like it to be in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Thursday, if that fails one night.  I don't care the area but I will need the reference number.|sorry unfortunately that is not available perhaps for another day?
Is there another cheap guesthouse available? I need it to be booked for Thursday.|I was able to do a 1 night booking at Finches Bed and Breakfast for 4 starting on Thursday. Reference number DKZG9AWZ. Any else I can assist you with?
That is everything. Thanks for the help.|You are very welcome. I am happy to help anytime. Have a wonderful day.
I need a train to cambridge|Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from Stevenage and I'll need to leave sometime after 21:15 if possible.|What is your day of travel and your preferred arrival time?
I'm working at leave on Wednesday after 21:15|Train TR3190 will depart at 21:54, would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great. I am also looking for a hotel. I would like to stay in the east side of town, and I do not need parking.|The only hotel in the area is a guesthouse called, a and b guest house. They are 4 stars.
No, I need a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I am sorry but there are no hotels in that area.  a and b guest house has 4 stars.  Would you like to give it a try?
The guesthouse will be ok, as long as it's rating is a star of 4.|Yes, indeed, the A and B guesthouse does have a 4 star rating. Would you like a booking?
Can I book 4 nights for 6 people on that same Wednesday?|You're all set, your reference number for the booking is UFVH6K6Y.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Have a great day too!
I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and it doesn't need to include internet.|I can help with that! How much money are you looking to spend?
It doesn't matter|I have several available.  Do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse please.  I'd like wifi also.|Okay. I have several in different price ranges. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Can you suggest one?|Yes, I recommend the Autumn House. It is cheap and it has 4 stars. Would you like their information?
No, that's all the info I need. Can you book some rooms for me?|Of course I can help!  What day do you want to check in?
Please book for 7 people, 4 nights and starting on Saturday.|Reference number is : E0BD9V4Y. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.|There are many trains which depart daily from Cambridge-what is the destination to which you will be traveling?
I'm headed to Bishops Stortford. I'd like to leave Cambridge after 9:45.|train ID  TR3262 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. will that suit you?
that is fine. book for 7 people please|your all set reference is IPFTBLLM, the cost is 70.7 payable at the station, anything else?
no that will be all thanks for everything, you have been great!|Thank you for contacting us have a great day.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the north.|Yes, there are 33 hotels that meet your requests. Some of them offer parking or free internet as well.
Any listings for a guesthouse?|I have 5, all located in the north and all are gueshouses. How many will I booking for and when?
I would like it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from Friday.|I was able to get a guesthouse for you at arbury lodge for friday. Your reference number is HV8FJQJU.
Thank you for booking it,that is all I need.|Have a good stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
Can you recommend any colleges in the Centre of town, please?|Sure, there are 18 colleges. What part of town are you interested in going to? I recommend christ's college and it's free admission.
Is that in the centre of town?  I definitely want to visit a college in the centre.|Yes it is in the centre and will make your wildest dreams come true, would you like more information on them?
Do they have an entrance fee?|They do not - admission is free.
Can you give me the post code?|Their postal code is cb23bu. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. Free wifi, please. Expensive price range. Don't need free parking.|There are 2 hotels in centre that are espensive what star rating do you want?
No particular price range.|The two hotels are the Gonville on Gonville Place, and the University Arms on Regent Street.
Ok, can you recommend one and give me the postcode and phone number.|I recommend the Gonville hotel.  The postal code is cb11ly.
What is the phone number?|You can reach the Gonville Hotel at 01223366611.
Great I also am looking for a taxi that will leave the hotel by 11:00|Okay and what is the destination please?
I would like to go to Christ's College, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white skoda
Contact number	:	07192870240
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are welcome. Enjoy your day too.
Hi, I'm looking for information on cinemas in Cambridge. Could you tell what my options are in the northern part?|Sorry! I don't see any results for your query of cinemas in the northern area. Do you want me to expand the search to neighboring areas?
Is there a park in the north area?|Yes, there is the milton county park in the north end.
Excellent, may I have the address for that park?|The address is: milton country park, milton. The postcode is: cb46az. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes please, can I also look for a cheap guesthouse?|Certainly. I have several options for you. Do you need wifi or parking? Is there a part of town you prefer to stay in?
It should include free wifi and should be in the east.|There seems to be an opening at Allenbell. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : LUDY2BH2.
Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. I appreciate all of your help.|Thank you I'm glad I could help.
i'm looking for places to go in town.|Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
College's seem nice, can you suggest one and give me the address, postcode and phone number if its not too much trouble|christ's college	 is found in the center their address is saint andrew's street and their poscode is cb23bu. You can reach them on the number 01223334900
Thank you very much.|Do you need help with anything else?
Yeah, I need to book a 4-star hotel in the north that's mid priced.|There is not one listed, do you want to try a 3 star hotel ?
I don't need free parking. I do care about moderate price range in the north with 4 stars.|There are no hotels but there are 7 guesthouses in the north meeting your requirements. Do you want me to choose a guesthouse for you?
Yes, please recommend a guesthouse based on recent reviews.|Okay, I recommend avalon. Do you want me to book?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Saturday.|Your booking was successful.  Would you like the reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number and that will be all today.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6GVW9A45.
Thank you for your time.|Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thank you, I am all taken care of now. Thanks, and goodbye!|Have a wonderful night.
Hello, I am planning a trip for next month.  Can you suggest some places to go in town?|Do you have any specific attractions in mind?
I am interested in boat attractions in the centre.|There are a lot of options in that area. Would you prefer something free to visit?
I don't have a preference.|there is scudamores punting co	or the cambridge punter
Can you select one? I also need the entrance fee, if there is one.|I prefer the Cambridge Punter, but I don't have the fee information for any boat attractions. Their number is 07807718591 - I'm sure you could call and find out.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same area as the Cambridge Punter.|Is price important to you?
Nope, I'm open on price. It doesn't need to have internet.|Okay, how about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
That sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? Checking in monday and will be staying 4 nights.|Okay, you're all set! Your room has been reserved and your confirmation number is 4X57GWOC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi when I got from the hotel to Cambridge Punter. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be a black BMW. The contact number is 07167383694. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks you have been very helpful to me|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay with a 3 star rating.|I've found 6 choices that match your inquiry. Are you looking for a specific price range?
I would like a lower price range with free parking.|We have 3 guesthouses with free parking in moderate price range.
I want to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are no hotels matching your requirements, would you like to try something different?
Can you find me a hotel in the south with a 3 star rating free parking?|The lensfield hotel matches that all your requirements, would you like to book there?
Yes please let's try that.|Can you please let me know the details of your reservation such as number of people, length of stay, and arrival date.
Please book for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to help you find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same price range that you can book?|There are none in the same area,can I check in another area?
Yes, please check in another area.|The Gonville hotel in the centre area meets all your requirements. Would you like to book there?
Yes could you check there please.|I have made a booking and it went through. Your Reference number is : AEBKVJV3.
Yes, and please give me the reference number.|Your reference number is AEBKVJV3. Is there anything else you needed today?
No, that will be it. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'd like to find out about the Hobsons House hotel.|Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west part of town, it is moderately priced with 3 stars, internet and parking. Would you like more information?
If you have it, can I get their phone number and postcode please.|Sure thing. The Hobsons House can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Did you need assistance booking a reservation there?
I'm not quite sure yet. Do they have free parking?|They sure do, as well as free internet.  Would you like me to book you a room now?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You too, thank you.|Feel free to call us when you are ready to book. Good bye.
Hello, I would like some suggestions for college attractions in town. Could you help me?|There are a lot to choose from! There's Hughes Hall and Jesus College in the centre of town, Magdalene College and Queen's College in the west, and many others.
I will go with whatever you recommend,  I'll just need to know the entrance fee and postcode.|Magdalene college on magdalene street, in the west, has many repeat visitors. The college is free and the post code is cb30ag. Their phone number is 01223332138. Anything else?
Thank you. Do you have any information about a specific hotel named the el shaddai?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the cheap price range found in the center of town. their address is 41 warkworth street
Thanks so much. You've been very helpful. That's all for me today. Have a good night. Bye.|Thank you for using our system!
You betcha. Bye-bye!|Have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to stay at the warkworth house please.|warkworth house is an excellent choice. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please! 2 of us will be staying starting on saturday for 5 nights|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AZ8EPKAU.
Thanks for all of your help.|You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much!|Glad I could help hope you have a great day.
Can you find me a 3 star hotel with free wi-fi?|The lensfield hotel is expensive and has a 3 star rating.
Is there a guesthouse available?|I have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range. Is there a particular area you wish to stay in?
Yes, in west Cambridge.|I cannot find anything in cambridge.
Are there any hotels in the same price range?|I found Hobsons House guesthouse in the west.  It is a 3 star moderate and has free internet.  Can I book it for you?
Yes please and I need the reference number|What day are you beginning your stay? How many days and how many people do you want to make a booking for?
I need it for 4 people for 4 nights starting Monday please.|The Hobson in not open, but I have the Hamilton open, would you like me too book it, it fits the same criteria.
yes, please and be sure to provide me the booking number, thank you.|Great. You're all booked and your reference number is UMRJOUWZ. Anything else I can do for you?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service today, and have a wonderful stay in Cambridge!
Do you have any information on a hotel called the Acorn Guesthouse?|The acorn guesthouse is in the north of the city and is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you|Do you want me to book the guesthouse for you? I will need your day of arrival, the number of people and the number of nights.
Yes I need booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.?|The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another hotel.
Yes please book another in the same price range. And I will need the reference number.|You are booked into alpha-milton guest house in the moderate price range you wanted. Your reference number is 1JCGP18D. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much.  That is all I'll need for today.  Bye.|Have a wonderful day!!
Are there any hotel rooms left?|the list is so broad. can you specify the price range?
I'm looking for a 4 star  guesthouse with free parking and wifi- anything in that range?|There are 16 hotels that match that description. Do you have a preference for location or price range?
i want it to be a guesthouse specifically.|Yes, we have 16 guesthouses that meet your needs. If area and price don't matter, I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north.
Great!  Can you give me their phone number, area and address, please?|sure, it is in the north. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888.
i am also looking for a particular attraction.|I can help you with that! What is the name of the attraction you are looking for?
I'm looking for Clare College. I'd like to get the postcode, please.|Sure! The postcode is CB21TL.
Last thing I need is a taxi from Clare College to the hotel, and I need to leave by 16:30.|I have booked that taxi and your contact number is 0707064481 please look for a black ford.
thanks so much you have been very helpful!|welcome amd i am happy i helped you. have a good day
I'd like to find a Thai restaurant in the center.|I have one entry for bangkok city would you like more information?
Yes, please. Is it expensive?|It is expensive. Do you need something less expensive?
No, that is perfect. I would like to book a table for 5 people on Wednesday at 11:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : 23DPN5A7.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I also need a place to stay|Okay. What area are you interested in and what is your desired price-range?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.|There are 16 four-star guesthouses with your requirements. Are you looking to stay in the centre of town?
In the Centre is fine. Can you please check to see if any offer internet?|I see one option here. It is alexander bed and breakfast. Would you like to book?
Does the hotel also offer internet?|Yes, alexander bed and breakfast has Internet. Do you want to book it?
I do not want to book it at this time.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address of the guesthouse?|yes sure its 56 saint barnabas road
I'll need a taxi to take me to bangkok city from the hotel and arrive by 11:00.|A grey lexus is booked for you. The contact number is 07699737690.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the north part of town.|There are two. The Ashley hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both have internet and parking.  Both are 2 stars.
Are there any four star hotels?|Not on the north side of town. There are two on the west side and one in the town centre.
Could I have one in the Centre of town|Absolutely! It's called the University Arms Hotel, great reviews! Would you like me to schedule that for you?
Please do,lets make it for this coming Monday,than k you.|For how many people please and how long is your stay going to be?
two people, two nights, starting Thursday.|Yes the university arms hotel. Would you like me to book that for you?
Actually, how about a guesthouse type place in the north with four stars?|I regret to inform you that I could not book a room at the requested location. Would you like to try another hotel?
Another hotel in the same pricerange then?|I got you a room at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is: 0YB5M0HT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has 0 stars and doesn't need to have free parking?|There are 2 results in the centre and one in the north. Would you like more information on one?
I would prefer a hotel.|Cityroomz is a hotel that has a rating of 0 stars. Would like to book a room?
0 stars, what could go wrong. I just need to find out the postcode and phone number.|Of course! Cityroomz's postcode is cb12tz, you can reach them by phone at 01223304050. How many nights would you like to book?
I don't want to book right now, but could you confirm what area of town that is in?|Yes it is in the city's center.
I want to get take the bus to the centre area then take a taxi tour of the area can you help me arrange that.|sure, where do you want to depart and arrive?
I've changed my mine. I'd like a train that departs from stansted airport and goes to cambridge instead.|Sure, I've got lots of options for you.  What day would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on Sunday after 12:00. Can I have the arrival time, price, and train ID please?|There are several trains that leave after 12:00. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine as long as I leave Stansted Airport after 12:00. The train which leaves the soonest after 12:00 would be fine with me.|TR5358 leaves Stansted Airport at 12:24 on Sunday and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like me to book it for you?
Thanks! No need, I just need the price, please.|it will cost you 8.08 pounds
Thank you. That is all for now.|Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.
Find a budget hotel with free parking in Cambridge.|There are 10 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
I would like it to have a four star rating and be located on the west side.|The Cambridge Belfry fits your requirements, would you like to book a reservation there?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Can you book for another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try 4 nights only please and I'll need a reference number.|That works out perfectly. Your reference number is 72YCMLXX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a vietnamese place to dine in the same price range as the hotel.|I found Thanh Binh; would you like me to make you a reservation?
First, tell me how far away from the hotel this restaurant is.|It is also in the west side area, located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I'd like to book for 5 at 13:00 on Wednesday as well. I will also need the reference number.|Great the reference is PDELCKQS. Thank you.
Thank You. That's all i need.|Have a good day, Goodbye
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?|Is there a certain side of town you would like to stay on?
No preference in area, just need to make sure that it also has wifi.|i have 14 results matching your criteria. how many star rated should it be?
No preference on star rating. It needs to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse. What do you recommend?|I'd recommend ashley hotel. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to stay starting on Saturday. It will be for five nights and eight people.|Your reservation has been made. Reference number is P1FII4X8.
Thanks! I also need a train departing Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Thursday. I want to arrive by 11:15. Can you help?|TR7618 arrives at 10:58. Is that okay for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 8 people? And can I get a reference number to give everyone? Thanks!|I was able to book you for 8 tickets.  The reference number is : VBE2BLHO.  Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I need a 3 star hotel in the Cambridge centre.|The Gonville Hotel is the only 3-star hotel in the city center. Would you like to book a room there?
Not sure yet.  Is it expensive?  I only like to stay in expensive hotels.|It is an expensive hotel.
Sounds good. I need it for 8, 2 nights Friday.|Your reference is BY4SOX2L. Do you need anything else?
I was also wanting to see if there is an entertainment place in the centre part of town.|There is none would you like to try another part of town?
No, but maybe there is something in the type of college?|Emmanuel college always has a lot going on, would you like more info on them?
Yes, could you give me their phone number and the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee. The number for Emmanuel College is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks. thats all for today. bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have an excellent trip!
i am planning your trip in Cambridge|Are you planning a trip to Cambridge? If so, what type of information are you looking for today?
I want to know if the Worth House is still renting rooms.|Yes they are. Would you like to book a room?
yes book for 2 people and 3 nights from thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WX6QA7D0.
Thanks. I also need to find a train to london liverpool street.|Where are you departing from, and what day? Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Since this is the cambridge help desk, I assumed that, I really need the date and time to get you booked.
Sure, you really should be more pleasant.  I need to get to London Liverpool Street on Wednesday by 20:45 please.|The TR1047 leaves Cambridge for London Liverpool Street Wednesday arriving at 07:27.  The price is 16.60 lbs. Can I book it for you?
Yes make the booking or me for 2 and provide the reference number.|Ok, I was able to make your reservation. Your total fee is 33.2 GBP. Your Reference number is : POE0NTR1.
Thank you very much. That is all the information I need.|Okay great! Have a great trip!
I need a Hotel to stay in Cambridge that has free parking but may not have free wifi.|Is there a certain area or price range you would like.
I would like it to be a cheap hotel please.|There are 33 total entries would you like a certain area?
How about one with free wifi?|the cambridge belfry is a Hotel that offers both.
Can you tell the the area, postcode, and phone number for it?|The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west. The phone number is 0195414600 and it is located at the cb236bw postcode.
Perfect, thanks. Can you recommend a restaurant in the west that offers indian food?|There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
a cheap place, please|There is no place fitting that description.
could you find any restaurant that serves indian food|Meghna is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west.
Could I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223727410. Would you like to make a reservation?
no thanks, that is all I need. Thanks so much!|You're welcome.  Have  a nice day.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre area of town.|We have 44 places to visit in the centre, any specific preferences in mind?
What would you recommend?|I'd recommend a nightclub if you don't mind paying or a museum if you're looking to do something free.
A museum sounds good. Do you have the poscode and phone number? I also need a place to stay that is moderately priced with free parking.|My favorite is the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum and their phone number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su. Admission is free. When would you like a hotel?
I would just like to know what is available. Oh I also need free wifi.|Well, there are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels in town that fit your criteria, they all offer free WiFi. Do you have a price range in mind or a star rating?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.|I found 14 for you. Do you have a specific area you'd like?
I don't care about any particular area to be honest.|Do you have a preference of type of lodging, star rating, or internet?
I'll repeat this:  The hotel should be in the moderate price range and it should include free wifi and free parking. I don't care about the area.|How about the acorn guest house?
As long as it has everything I've been asking for, I'm good.|Most definitely. Would you like to go ahead and book a reservation?
Yes, I would. Can I get the address, area, and phone number?|It's located at 154 chesterton road, the postcode is cb41da, and you can reach them by phone at 01223353888.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|I'm sorry, the Acorn Guest House is a guesthouse.  Is that acceptable or did you want a hotel specifically?  I apologize for the confusion.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help?|There are lots of places to visit in the city centre.  What type of place would you like to visit?
Is there a college I could visit?|In what area would you prefer it to be?
In the centre would be perfect!|The emmanuel college is free and it is on saint andrew's street. How does that sound?
That sounds great!! Can I have their address, and how much is the entrance fee?|It is located at saint andrew's street and it's free! Anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Are there any 4 star hotel in the north with free parking?|Do you have a price range preference?
The price doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star hotel.|I would recommend acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
No, but can I have the phone number and the address?|The phone number is 01223334200 and the address is saint andrew's street.
thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you!|You're Welcome!  Enjoy your stay!  Goodbye.
Hello, I would like to know what hotels are in the town centre.|There are 5 hotels in the town center, ranging from cheap to expensive. Which would you like more information on?
I'd like one in the moderate price range than includes free wifi.|Cityroomz aligns with your criteria. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday.|Unfortunately there are no rooms available, do you have a different day or shorter stay?
Will I be able to stay for 2 nights?|Yes, you're all set for 2 nights at cityroomz on Sunday for your party of 3. Your reference number is L8OVTI18. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any italian restaurants?|There are 15 Italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or price range you'd prefer?
I'm looking for the same price range as the hotel and in the same area as the Hotel|Pizza Express is moderately priced and located in the centre area, does that sound ok?
It does indeed. Can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? 12:00 would be the perfect time for lunch!|I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference numbers is T0R20O9D.
Thanks! Is there any way you could book me a taxi between destinations? It needs to arrive by the booked time and please send me the contact number and car type.|No problem it is booked the contact number is 07499208880
What is the car type of that taxi?|It is a yellow Honda. Is there anything else I can help you out with?
That's it. Thank you very much for the help!|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything else. Have a great day!
That's all I need, goodbye.|Farewell, and have a beautiful day!
Can you help me find a place to stay? I want somewhere in the east.|sure, i have 7 options for you
We need it to have free wifi.|There are 7 locations offering free wifi in the east.  Do you have a price range?
Cheap, please. I want to save some money. But I also want it to be a 4 star.|You're in luck! I have 3 cheap, 4-star guesthouses in the east. I recommend the Allenbell. Would you like to book a room?
I just need their postcode and address.|their post code is cb13js	and they are located in 517a coldham lane
I would also like some cheap Italian food.|I recommend Ask, in the city centre.
Thanks and Make sure you get the reference number|Whoa, easy there tiger!  I need a date, time and an amount of people before I can book.
I'm sorry, I got ahead of myself. I need a table for 6 on Monday night, at 14:30|I'm sorry, I can't book that right now.
OK. Could you find another restaurant that serves Italian food that is in the cheap range?|Booking was successful at ask. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RK449E7Z.
Thanks, you've been a huge help! I don't need anything more today! Bye!|You are so welcome! I hope you have a lovely time!
Is there any moderately priced hotel that offers free parking by any chance?|There are several, is there a particular area you are interested in?
I'm not really picky on an area as long as it is a nice area and the hotel has a 3 star rating.|well I have a few for you when is your stay?
Hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting thursday and need a confirmation number thank you|Booking was successful.Reference number is : B6H2PD8G.
I also need to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|I hev five options, on which location do you prefer?
i will act on your suggestion.|Prezzo is an italian restaurant on the east part of town in the moderate price range.
Can you reserve a table?|Yes, I can sure book that for you.  What evening would you like in particular?  How many will be dining?
Actually, I don't need a booking yet. You've  told me that Prezzo is in the east. All I need is the postcode.|I'm sorry, prezzo is actually located in the west. The postcode is cb30ad.
Ok great thank you. That is all the information I need today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre.|There are 110 restaurants that fit your request. Do you have a price range in mind?
Sure, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|Yes I have a variety of cuisines available in that price range. What type of food are you looking for?
I am not picky about the food, as long as it is expensive and in the centre. Can you pick one and provide me the food type and address?|How about the Gourmet Burger Kitchen? It is an American restaurant, located at Regent Street City Centre.
Great thanks,I also need to find a hotel near the restaurant if possible. Would you be able to assist?|University Hotel is on Regent Street and is 4 star.
I want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I have many results for places with free parking, do you have a price range or area you're looking to stay in?
Anything near the restaurant will be fine.|I have booked you for University arms, which meets all of your criteria, the reference number is NQC5WW4O, any other questions?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me between the two places. Can you please help?|Yes I can! Where would you like the taxi to meet you at?
I would like the taxi to meet me at the restaurant.|And at what time would you like that taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant at 04:45 please|I have booked you with a red honda and contact number 07898891438. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think we got everything covered. Thanks. Goodbye.|Your welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Hello, can you give me information about the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?|Of course, what would you like to know?
I would like the phone number and area of town in which it is located.|01223866800. It is in the East. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like some information about an attraction called Parkside Pools, please.|Sure. It's a swimming pool in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
Just the postcode and phone number.|The post code is cb11ly and the phone number is 01223446100.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve Indian food nearby?|There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Would you like to look in a particular area?
It doesn't matter where it is, I just need to book one of them for six people at 13:45 on Friday.|Great your reservation at curry garden is all set, reference number is J1X6P0DB
I am looking for an expensive hotel as well.|There are five such hotels available. I can suggest the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. How does that sound?
Do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 4?|Yes, there are two hotel options, one in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
Do they both have internet access?|Yes, both the Huntingon Marriott and University Arms have free wifi.
Great can I also get a taxi between the two places?|Booking you a taxi would be no trouble. Would you like to book one of those hotels first?
No, that's OK, but I need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:45.|Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a grey Lexus, contact number 07186569452. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Thank you very much for contacting us. Have a good trip.
Can you book me a moderately priced British restaurant?|Is there a particular area that you would like the restaurant to be in? There are a total of 5 listed.
Yes I would like to eat in town centre.|How about Restaurant One Seven? I can book a table for you if you'd like.
I'm not sure if I would like to book one yet. Can you please tell me the address, phone number and postcdode?|Address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223337766, and postcode cb21ab.
Thank you very much. I am also looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant with free parking. Can you help with this as well?|How about The Copper Kettle. The are located in the Centre at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. May I book a table for you?
Sorry. I'm looking for a hotel, not a restaurant. It should be in the centre and moderately-priced. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Cityroomz meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room there?
This is a hotel type place right? Also what is the address for that?|Yes it's a hotel. The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
alright, I'll take a room there. I'll also need a taxi to take me between the hotel and the restaurant, I need to leave the hotel at 05:00.|Great! I've booked a grey Audi for you. The contact number is 07071074318.
Thank you. That is all that I needed.|It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
Finches Bed and Breakfast was recommended to me highly. Could you help me find it?|Yes I have found it, it is in the west of town,and cheap.
Great! Can you book a room there for 5 nights? There will be 8 of us, and we'll arrive on Friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PZ9SHTWA.
I would also like to eat some Austrian food.|I am sorry, there are no Austrian restaurants. Can I try a different cuisine?
Okay, then how about an expensive mediterranean food restaurant in the centre?|You have a choice of two restaurants: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant.
Give me the phone number and address for la mimosa please|The phone number is 01223362525 and the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.
I am also going to need a taxi.|Where are you departing from and arriving at?
I will be departing from Finches Bed and Breakfast to la mimosa restaurant.|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 03:15, can never be too early.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue audi
Contact number	:	07871628908
Great. That was all I needed for now. Thanks for everything.|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in Cambridge? I'm looking for a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Yes, there are three. The Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.
I need wifi and four stars as well.|It doesn't appear that the Ashley Hotel has all these qualifications.  Would you like me to search for another hotel in the same area?
Yes, expensive, wifi, four stars.|I'm sorry, but there are no hotels in the cambridge area fitting all these all these qualifications. Would you like to alter your requirements?
Could you try an expensive hotel instead of a moderately priced one?|I found huntingdon marriott hotel in the west, and university arms hotel in the centre.
Could you reserve us a room at the University Arms then? There are 3 of us and we'll arrive on Friday.|Yes sure. For how long will you be staying?
We will stay 4 nights.|I have made the reservation for 3 people for 4 days at the university arms hotel. Your reference number is 7ARCQZH9.
I also am looking for darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|OK. This restaurant is an expensive, modern European establishment in the centre of town. It is located on King Street City Centre.
Can you provide their address, including postcode?|Yes their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and their postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'd also like to book a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 17:30.|What will your destination be?
I want a taxi back to my hotel. Please provide me a contact number and the car type.|Your car is Booked. It is a blue volkswagen and their contact number is 07511504303
Thank you so much! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
Hi there. I am looking for a train out of Cambridge.|What is your desired destination?
My desired destination is Norwich.|There are many trains for Norwich, do you have a specific date and time you'd like to leave?
Friday after 18:15. I will need 4 tickets. Please send me a reference number too.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CLBJ6WLI. Anything else?
I need a hotel that is moderately priced. I do not want a guesthouse.|There are three. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge in the north are 2 stars and Cityroomz hotel in the centre is 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything with 3 stars?|There is not. Would you be willing to try a different price range?
Yeah, lets try expensive places.|The gonville hotel meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please for the same group of people on tuesday.|How many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay for 3 nights, please.|Alright, got you booked. Your reference number is: AL3YQFJ8. Anything else I can do for you today?
Nope that is all I need today. I appreciate your time! Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find a hotel?|Certainly. Is there an area of town or a price range you prefer?
I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range with a rating of 0.|I have two options available for you. Do you care about parking?
No, parking is not an issue.  What do you think is the best option?|City centre north b and b is a good choice and close to a lot of attractions.  Shall I book for you?
I'm trying to take a train from bishops stortford to cambridge|Okay great, there are plenty of options for you. Did you have a certain day and time in mind for departure?
I want to leave on monday after 18:30.|There is a train that leaves at 19:29, would you like to book it?
What is the arrival time? I also need the train ID and price.|Your arrival time is 20:07 on train TR5806. Total price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No that won't be necessary. I would like to find a place to stay though, and I'll need free parking.|Indeed, we have many options with free parking. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Well, I need a place in the south with a 4-star rating, but either hotel or guesthouse is OK.|aylesbray lodge guest house is in the moderate price range and rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range.  Which do you prefer?
Can you send me the hotel type and postcode and whether they have internet?|Both have internet and are guesthouses. Aylesbray lodge's postcode is cb17sr. Rosa's postcode is cb22ha.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any more assistance.
Thank you, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
I am interested in finding the Lensfield Hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road on the south side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please.  I need a room for 5 nights, arriving on Friday.  There are 3 of us.|I've made a reservation for you, reference number J2AU5H3Q. Is there anything else you need?
Where can we eat?|There are nine restaurants on the same side of town as your hotel. I can make a recommendation if I knew the price range you were interested in.
I don't have a specific price range, but I was hoping for somewhere Danish.|I'm sorry there are no danish restaurants in the south. Would you like to try another area or food type?
Chinese is always a good standby, what is available for that?|There are 3 Chinese restaurants available.
Can you recommend one and make reservations for the same day please.|peking restaurant looks good, but it is expensive, is that ok?
That's fine. Please make a reservation for 3 people on Friday at 18:00, please.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel in Cambridge.|I have three choices for you.  Do you have an area that is more convenient for you?
Yes, can you check the north please?|There are two hotels that match what you're looking for.  The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.   Does either of those sound preferable?
can you book me at Ashley Hotel for 1 and 3 nights ?|No problem!  What day are you wanting to check in?
On wednesday please|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that's what I already asked you to do.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 40GGN5EY. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for some information on a restaurant called Efes. I'll need the phone number, price range, and postcode, please?|sure, its moderate, phone is 01223500005 and the postcode is cb11ln, anything else?
Thank you, that'll be all today.|If the hotel and restaurant are all you need for today, then thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Yes I would like information on the Cambridge Belfry.|Yes the Belfry is located in the west and is in the cheap price range but is rated highly at 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would. I'd like to book a room for 3 nights starting on Saturday for 1 person.|I've successfully booked your room at The Cambrdige Belfry (Reference #RQ3Z4L32). Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you I am also looking for an attraction in the centre of town too|There are many attractions available, including architecture, college, and museum. Are you looking for a specific type of attraction?
Can you provide me with the address and phone number of a museum in the centre?|Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great, thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need for today. Thank you for your time!|We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in cambridge!
I need information on a hotel named,"rosa's bed and breakfast".|Rosa's is located in the south and is cheap. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I just need their post code.|Sure, it is cb22ha.  Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I also am looking for a restaurant called Stazione Resaurant and Coffee Bar.|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an expensive italian restaurant located in the centre, shall I make a reservation for you?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a hotel called  alpha-milton guest house|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north part of town at 63 milton road.
book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|I have successfuly booked the hotel for you. Your reference number is 1XPV9OMK. Is there anything else I may help you with?
No thank you!|You are welcome. Have a good visit. Thanks for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train leaving on Sunday that is going to Cambridge.|There are 200 trains coming to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time or departure location you're interested in?
I want to depart from london kings cross after 13:30.|Sure, the first train leaves at 15:17. Would you like to book it?
No, I would like to book at a later time, but can I please get the train ID?|Sure, the 15:17 train's id is TR7931.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like the hotel to have free parking and free wifi.|My listings show almost 30 separate lodgings around town with free wifi and parking! Do you have any other preferences to help me pick one for you?
Yes, I would like a guesthouse with a 0 star rating.|There is city centre north b and b, and el shaddai which would you like to book?
El Shaddai sounds fine. I need to reserve it for two adults for two nights, please.|Alright, what day will you be staying?
Sunday.  Could you please send me the reference number?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to book it for another day or duration?
How about just one night instead? May I have the reference number please?|Great, that was a successful booking, the reference number is  9H97D0MB. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all, thanks!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
What are some good museums to visit?|I have 23 museums in my database. Is their a area you are interested in visiting?
Anything that you would recommend in the east, I just need the place along with the address postal code and entrance fee.|cambridge museum of technology costs 5 pounds.  The post code is cb58ld.
Thank you,I also need to find a guesthouse,that is cheap ?|I have many guesthouses available. Do you know what area you'd like to be in?
I don't have and area preference.|The Allenbell is a guesthouse	in the east and it is inexpensive. Would you like me to book it?
How many stars does it have?|Allenbell has 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?  And can you get me the address to Cambridge Museum of Technology that I asked you for?|It does have free wifi and the address is 5 greens road
Okay thank you. I would also like a taxi to and from the Cambridge Museum of Technology.|Where will your destination be?
cambridge museum of technology.|And where would you like to be picked up?
i want to be picked up at the hotel by 11:45|Your taxi is booked. You will be picked up in a grey Audi. The contact number is 07957190681. Do you help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all! Thank you!|Thank you for calling. Please call again if you have additional questions. Goodbye!
i want you to recommend a place to go in the centre that is  type of entertainment|I'm sorry there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area or attraction type you would be interested in?
Okay, how about a nightclub?|there is none in that area. do you mind changing the area?
I was really hoping to find one in that area.|I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I have 5 options for nightclubs in the centre. I like club salsa, personally.
Could you please give me Club Salsa's address and postcode?|Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, cb12jb.  Would you like any additional information?
I am also looking for someplace in the moderate price range, a room with free wifi.|We have many options. Would you like to narrow it down by area or stars?
I would like it to be 2 stars, and a hotel.|There are two hotels in the north that fit your needs: the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the Lovell Lodge.|Okay! Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll need it for 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 people.|OK, 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 guests. Your Reference number is : DUYCGOB2.
Thanks I also need a taxi to leave Club Salsa.|Sure, will you be going back to Lovell Lodge, and at what time?
I would want to return by 2:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white volkswagen
Contact number	:	07255014387
Can i help you with anything else today?
no thanks, that is okey for today|Okay, well if you need anything else you know where to find me! Have a good one! Bye!
I'm looking for a place to stay that's moderately priced and has a three-star rating.|I have 4 results that match your request, what area are you looking to stay in?
I would prefer something in the north part of town.|I have the alpha-milton guesthouse and the hamilton lodge.  Both moderately priced. Will you need internet?
It doesn't matter with internet. I need to book for 6 people, 5 nights on wednesday, is that possible at all?|No I am sorry no rooms available then, is there anything else I can assist you with? How about a hotel instead?
Could you try the booking for only four nights and see if it works?|Both are available for only 4 nights. The Hamilton Lodge has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|The Hamilton Lodge was unable to accommodate your request for 5 nights. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Could you try four nights?|Your are booked for 4 nights. Your reference number is YT12CF24. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place for us to dine, in the same area of town, please.|The Nirala and the Golden Wok are moderately priced dining options in the north.
Ok, thank you. Will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 17:45 at the Nirala on Wednesday?|You are booked at the Nirala for Wednesday and you table for 6 is reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is HEFMWBTN.
I will also need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.  Can you book that for me?|I've booked your taxi! A White Volkswagen will pick you up at the hotel to bring you to the restaurant by 17:45. The contact number is 07713150675.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.|Okay great, have a good day!
I want to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge please.|What day and time will you need this train?
I will need a train leaving on Thursday and arriving in Cambridge by 11:30.|Train number TR9937 leaves Friday at 10:24 and would get you to your destination by 10:52. The cost would be 10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
No, I need a train that leaves on Thursday.|TR2635 will arrive Thursday in Cambridge by 10:52, will this suit you?
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel, is there any chance you can help me with that?|Certainly. In what area of town would you like to stay?
I want to stay at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you.
I am looking for their address, hotel type, and area please.|They're a guesthouse style hotel located at 53 Roseford Road located in the south. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, thank you for your help! Have a great day!|No problem. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Can you help me find a place to stay? It should be cheap.|There are 10 cheap places to stay. Do you have any other preferences or would you like my recommendation?
I would like a recommendation for a cozy Bed and Breakfast.|May I please have the specific area and price range? So that I may narrow down the search.
A cheap one. I don't have a lot of money. One with free wifi for 8 and 5 nights starting friday please.|I have no cheap bed and breakfast places, shall I try another type or price?
Try another type.|I have 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range with wifi.  What part of town would you prefer?
I would like to stay on the east side.|The Allenbell seems nice. It has four starts. Does that work?
That will be fine. Can you book the Allenbell for my stay?|I have booked the Allenbell for your upcoming stay. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need that reference number, please.|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another guesthouse in the same price range?
Wow, I'm certainly glad I asked for the reference number! Yes, please do try another in the same price range.|I'm sorry for the this. I successfully booked for you accomodation at autumn house. Your reservation number is 9ZA0N2FW.
Awesome, thank you for your assistance. Bye!|I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!
Can you help me find the a and b guest house hotel?|Absolutely. the A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, one person staying for two nights starting Monday. Can you book that?|I'm sorry but I could not book that. Would you be able to book another day or a shorter stay?
That is unfortunate.  I can cut my stay down to a single night if that helps.|The booking was successful. The reference number is DAA8L07B. Anything more?
Yes, I'm also looking for something to do on the north side of town.|There is swimming, boating, and a park.  Which do you prefer?
Swimming would be fine.|I have Jesus Green outdoor pool, located between Victoria and the river and Kings hedged learner pool, Jedburh court and King Hedges.
Can I have the postcode for that pool please?|The postcode for Jesus Green outdoor pool is cb43px. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Great! Have fun! Goodbye!
I need to stay at an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?|I have two hotels that meet your criteria.  What area are you interested in?
I miscommunicated before I apologize, I am actually looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|I have no guesthouses in the area. Would you like me to check another star rating?
How about one that is in the moderate price range.|Yes, there are a number of options.  Would you like to narrow it down by area of town?
No, I don't care about area.  Just pick one that you would recommend.  I'll need to book it for 6 people.|I recommend carolina bed and breakfast. It's on the east side of town and has free parking and wifi. Does that work?
Book that please for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday.|Sure thing, I will work on booking that now. I will be back with you in a moment.
Thanks. I also need help with something else afterwards.|Booked! Reference number: 0L59Q1A4. What else do you need?
I'm also interested in a restaurant in the centre with the same price range. Any recommendations?|I'd recommend the Cambridge Chop House. They serve British food. Would you like to book a table?
No need to book it, but could you please give me their address and phone number?|Their address is 1 Kings Parade and their number is 01223359506. Is there anything else you need?
I have everything I need now, thank you!|Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
Need a hostel, free parking and in the north please.|I have found 11 results for places in the north that have free parking, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There is nothing that fits that criteria, can I look up something else?
It can be a guesthouse or a hotel. Does that open up my options?|I have 7 different options. I have all different price ranges. Do you have a preference?
Any one of them would be fine. Can I get the post code and phone number?|The acorn guesthouse is at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da. Their phone is 01223353888. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please make a reservation.|How many people do you need the booking for?
Just one person please.|What day would you like your reservation to begin, and how long would you like to stay?
Actually, I need to know, does the Acorn guesthouse have internet?|Yes it does! Free parking too.
Great! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves expensive french food.|Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I don't need a reservation. I could use the address, postcode and phone number though.|Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223351880, the address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge.
I really would like to try some Indian food while in town so please find me a restaurant that serves it on the East side|curry prince is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yeah. I'd like a table for 2 people on tuesday at 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LDY1DUF0.
I would also like to get a place to stay too.|There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
Same area as the restaurant, moderate price range, and it doesn't have to have free parking.|I found 3 that match that criteria. I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast which is four stars. Would you like a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 5 nights.|Okay. Can you tell me what day you'll be arriving?
I'd like reservations for Tuesday.|How many people will be staying?
2 people will be staying. Can you give me the reference number too?|The booking was successful, and your reference number is 0OGAX9RA.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay, you are welcome! Have a good stay!
Hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the North side of town please|i have 33 hotels on the north side of town. what amenities are you looking for?
I'd like it to have free wifi, it doesn't need to have free parking.|Okay and what is your price range?
Any price range is fine.|I recommend city centre north b and b. 	They're in the cheap price range and their address is 328a histon road
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|The room is booked starting Sunday for 4 people, 5 nights. Reference number is : T0GOB1RP. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I would like to dine at an expensive hotel in the same area.|Do you have a food type in mind?
Yes, I would like bistro food please.|There are no restaurants that meet those requirements.
Oh darn it. How about one that offers european food?|There are 3 options in the centre area with european food. Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, postcode cb23rh.  Would you like info on the others also?
Eraina sounds great. Could you please make a reservation for 4 people on Sunday at 17:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VZB1B67F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want to book a taxi|Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination. Do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go to the North.|Okay.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge?
I want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the Eraina restaurant in time for my 17:15 reservation.|Ok I have booked you a red toyota, contact number 07919147301 arriving at 17:05.  Anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you. Goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for an expensive 2 star hotel.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it located in the east?|Yes, that is located in the east.
That's what I want. Please book it for Thursday for 3 people staying 2 nights.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for you. Would you like to look for a different place?
Yes, I would. How about a different hotel in the same price range?|I"m sorry but in that price range and star rating there is only the holiday express. Could we try another star rating?
Yes, the star does not matter, just try the same price range, please.|There are no other hotels located in the east. Is there another area you would prefer?
Just any hotel in the same price range please.|I can try the Lensfield hotel in the south, the university arms hotel in the centre, the marriot in the west, or the gonville hotel in the centre.
How about trying the Gonville Hotel?|Yes, I was able to book the Gonville hotel, Starting on Thursday for 2 nights for 3 people. Your reference number is 5VNA5FPP. Would that work for you?
Yes, thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|So glad to help! Have a great day. Good-Bye!
I'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre|Yes! What kind of cuisine would you like?
Any restaurant that you recommend will be great. Can I have the postcode for the one you pick too?|I would recommend Little Seoul, a Korean restaurant. It's postcode is cb21dp. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|There are five hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to book one or would you rather narrow it down further?
I would prefer to find one  that is located in the north.|There are no expensive hotels in the north area with free parking.
Is there a cheaper one?|There are 9 in the moderate price range do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel.|I have two hotels that fit your needs. I recommend the ashley hotel. When would you like to book a room?
Do either have internet?|yes ahley does has free internet. can we book it
No thanks, I just need the address please.|the address is 74 chesterton road
thanks for helping. have a great day|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Have a great day too.|Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
I am looking for information about a hotel called the autumn house.|Ok.  The autumn house is a guesthouse in the east.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please. I would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights. We'll arrive on Saturday.|You are booked! Reference number is : AS63WLAE.
Thank you so much!!|You are welcome.  Do you need anything further?
Thank you. That is all for now.|You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?|When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.|Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45.  Do you have something on that day?|TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.|I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
Hey! I'm coming into town and I need a guesthouse style of lodging on the south of town.|I have 3 for you to choose from. Two of them are moderately priced, and one is cheap. All offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference on price?
Not at this time.  I'll talk it over with my wife.  Can you just give me the name of the moderate one?|There are two moderately-priced guesthouses to choose from. One is The Aylesbray Lodge and the other is The Bridge.
Okay, how many stars do they have?|Aylesbray Lodge has 4 stars, and the Bridge Guest House has 3.
That sounds good. Thank you.|Would you like me to book either of them?
No, we're going to talk it over and reserve at a later date. Thanks for your help though.|Ok, The Bridge House is only 3 stars, and the Aylesbray is 4, if that makes a difference to your wife.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.|Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.|We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.|The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I need to arrive by 18:00, please.|Train TR9531 leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 17:01. That is the last train of the day. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.|Your reference number is 4HRLU45B, is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need from you, Thanks!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm just looking for a hotel to stay at tonight please.|There are many options. Do you have a price range or area you would like to stay in?
I want to stay in the north. Are there any 2-star hotels with free wifi?|Yes I would suggest lovell lodge would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse, please? And what is their postcode?|It is a hotel and the postcode is cb41sr. Would you like me to book this for you?
Not at the moment, but you can help me with one more thing? I'd like info on a particular attraction called Lynne Strover Gallery.|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need their phone number and address.|adress is 365 milton road and phone is 0122345425478
I am looking for a train. I need to leave on Tuesday and want to arrive by 20:45.|Where are you departing from? And where would you like to go?
I'm heading to Cambridge, and I'd like to leave from peterborough.|The last train into cambridge before 20:45 is the TR2673, arriving at 20:38. You would leave peterborough at 19:48.
That will do, what is the price and train ID?|The price is 16.50 pounds. The train ID is TR2673. Shall I book it for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though that has free parking and expensive. Do you have anything like that there?|I've got 5 hotels here that fit your criteria, including 2 four star hotels. Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes, please tell me about the four star hotels, the cheaper of the two.|I have the Huntingdon Marriott in the west and the University Arms in the center. Both are lovely hotels. Would you like to book a room?
No, that's okay, I think that will be all for today, thank you!|You are welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|There are 10 cheap places to stay with free parking. Do you want particular area of town?
The area does not matter, but it should have a 4 star rating.|The alexander bed and breakfast fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room for how many days and guests/
Please book for 3 people for 5 nights, starting from Monday.|3 people staying at alexander bed and breakfast for 5 nights, starting monday. Your confirmation number is 53R0PQMZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i also need a train that departs from stevenage and goes to cambridge.|Which day and time would you like this for?
I want it for monday and to leave after 19:15|There is a train on Monday at 19:54.
Yes, please book it for 3 people|Your train booking at 19:54 was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : W0FCJ48S. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thank you for your help.  That is all for today.  Have a great day!|Great. Let me know if you need any additional help.
I need  a train that leaves for Ely on Friday.|What time do you need to travel to Ely?
I need to arrive in Ely before 11:30. I would be leaving from Cambridge.|There are 3 trains that fit that criteria - is there a specific time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I would like to book a train that will arrive in Ely before 11:30.|TR8792 departs Cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would you like a ticket on that train?
I also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.|We have several guesthouses, one hotel and one lodge that meet that criteria.
Do any of them have 3 stars?|Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has only three stars. It is a guesthouse in the north part of town. Would you like me to book you here?
No, but I do need the address, postcode, and phone number.|Sure, The Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road, cb41da.  You can call at 01223365664.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you.|TR8792 is the latest departing train on Friday. It departs at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Do you want to depart earlier?
I didn't need a train. I have everything I needed now. Thank You for your help.|No problem. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need to find a hotel quick, can you make it happen?|Definitely! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the East part of town.  I prefer something expensive also.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. 15-17 norman way, coldhams buisness park. Would you like to book there?
Yes that would be great, thank you.|When would you like your booking for?
I need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|Your reservation has been made for 3 people, 5 days beginning Saturday. Your reference number is:  UX99D4XR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like a place to go in the same area as the hotel.|What sort of place are you looking for?
What is the postcode for the hotel? I would also like to visit a museum.|The hotel postcode is cb13lh. There are 4 museums in the area I recommend cambridge museum of technology. It cost 5 pounds but there are free art museums.
That technology museum sounds interesting. Do you have the postcode, please?|yes its cb13ef can I help you with anything else ?
Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?|Of course, do you need anything specific?
Yes. The hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.|We have three choices, any other preferences?
As long as it is a hotel, I would like to book it.|How many nights and for how many people?
I would like it starting Thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.|I will need the day you want to arrive.
I will need to be there on wednesday.|There are 2 hotels available, The Huntingdon Marriott and the Cambridge Belfry. Do you want an expensive hotel or a cheap hotel?
I'm sorry I actually need it for Thursday, sorry.  Any price range is fine.|Okay. Your booking at the Cambridge Belfry was successful. The reference number is LJOEY6H2. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from bishops stortford and should go to cambridge.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time isn't the issue, but I have morning meeting so I can't leave bishops stortford until after 12:15 .|There is a train leaving at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price and travel time?|The price is 10.10 pounds, and the travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much. I think that's all I need now.|Have a safe trip.
Thank you for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That was all I needed.|Ok! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.|I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?|There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?|No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
Try a different area.|The Cambridge belfry is available in the west.
That sounds good can you book 8 people for 4 nights from thursday?|You're all set at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is : LEMRQ8IA. Anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I need a train to Cambridge. Please get me one that arrives by 08:30|Where are you departing from?
Departing from Norwich. I need a booking for eight people.|What day did you want to travel?
On Thursday, please.|I have train TR0256 leaving at 5:16 and arriving at 6:35.
That will be great. Can you book me 8 tickets please?|Your booking was a success. Reference number is: NLA2CG5S and total fee is: 140.8 GBP.
Good Evening, I guess I am in charge of the planning the trip to Cambridge.   I am looking for some places to go when we arrive.|What area of cambridge will you be visiting?
We will be mainly in the West part of town.  Are there any nightclubs around that area?|I have no nightclubs in that area,would you like e to look in another area?
How about a college instead?|Why yes, there are five colleges actually.
Excellent. Can I get the entrance fee and postcode of one of them?|queens' college is found in silver street	and entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. post code is cb39et
I would also like to find a room in the West of town.|on what price range do you want your Hotel?
It doesn't matter, whatever is available is fine.|The Cambridge Belfry has gotten great reviews. It's a 4-star cheap hotel in the west.  Would you like to go with that?
Does it have free parking and wifi?|Yes, it has free parking and internet
Can you book that starting for Thursday?|I will need to know how many guests are staying and for how many nights
Sure, 1 night and 5 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DGQ74G0U. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all thank  you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
I need to find a Train leaving on Friday from London Liverpool Street and arriving in Cambridge.|I have 10 trains as options. Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
Yes I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|The TR5015 will get you there by 15:07.  Would you like me to book you some seats?
No thank you, may I please get the travel time of TR5015?|The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what time does that train leave?|It would depart at 13:39 and arrive in Cambridge at 15:07.
Please book it for me.I also need a place to stay,a guesthouse  with free parking ?|I have booked the train for you. The reference number is JN7FFTTY.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find someplace?|Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't need any specific area, just need a guesthouse that is cheap and includes free parking.|I have 33 entries that match your request.  Do you have a star rating preference?
No I don't. Pick any of the 33 and give me the address and area, please.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4-star guesthouse in the center, how does that sound?
Can you tell me what area it's in? And can you give me an address?|Alexander bed and breakfast in found in the center of the town. Their address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all the information I need for Cambridge. You have been a great help!|We hope you enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel, I'm excited to see some tourist attractions so there needs to be free parking.|There are several with free parking.  Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Maybe you could suggest one in the moderate price range.|Acorn Guest House in the north has 4 stars and offers parking.
Sounds great! Does it have free wifi?|The Acorn Guest House does offer free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm not ready to book just yet.  Could you just give me the phone number?|Sure! The phone number to the Acorn Guest House is 	01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I was looking to find some place to go in town.|there are about 79 cool places to check out in town
Well give me your favorite|I like the Riverboat Georgina myself.  Do you want the number there?
I would like a cinema.|I have two cinemas in town for you, the Cineworld Cinema and Vue Cinema.  Would you like information on any of these?
I'd prefer a cinema that's in the south part of town.|The cineworld cinema is in the south part of town at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That sounds great. Can you provide me with Cineworld Cinema's postcode and phone number please?|No problem. Their number is 	00872208000 and their postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!|Great! Glad to have been of assistance. Thanks for using our service.
Hi I need to book a guesthouse with free wifi in Cambridge please|Did you have a price range in mind, or a particular section of the city?
I would like one in the moderate price range.|Great, I have several options for you. Is there an area of town you prefer?
Anywhere in town, need two rooms for three people for 5 nights beginning on Monday next week. Can you give me a confirmation number as well, please?|I have the a and b guesthouse in the east that is a 4 star moderatly price guesthouse.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes. I need it for three for five nights starting from Monday on.|i have successfully booked. Reference number is : 7PPQG9Q1
I'm also looking for an attraction to go to in the centre. Do you have any recommendations?|Yes, I would suggest the old schools.
Excellent. What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything, you were so helpful.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I'm looking information about a train in Cambridge.  Needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I will be going from Ely to Cambridge.|TR1537 will arrive at 19:52. Would you like a ticket on that train?
Not just yet.  Can I get the cost and departure time?|TR1537 will be leaving at 19:35 and the ticket is 4.40 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
Yes. I am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.|I'll be happy to assist you with finding a hotel. Would you like to get the train tickets first?
No, I don't need train tickets right now.|I have a Hamilton Lodge available in the north, with a 3 star rating.  It's moderately priced.  It's located at 156 Chesterton Road. Will this work for you?
Is it a guesthouse? I don't want to stay at a hotel.|Yes it is. Would you like me to book that for you.
Does it include free parking and wifi?|I have one guesthouse with both wifi and free parking at Hamilton Lodge. Does this work for you?
What is the price and how many stars does the guesthouse have?|The hamilton lodge has 3 stars.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all I need today. Goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by 12:15.|I can book you for an arrival time by 12:07 on Friday, is that a good time?
Does that train leave from Cambridge?  I need something on sunday.|Train TR1478 departs from Bishops Stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 12:07, would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I would need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G32O0XHA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel. It does not need to have free parking.|Certainly, there are ten hotels. Do you have a preference of type, or area?
Yes I would like to stay on the East side of town.|We have 3 for you to choose from. Do you have any further preferences?
Yes, is there one that has free parking?|I have 3 of them that offer free wifi in the East. I have the Autumn House, Leverton House and Allenbell. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes book the Autumn House for 3 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|You're all set, you're booking reference is 8ED0YD26. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Okay Thank you very much for calling!
That was great service, good day to you.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Hello. I'm looking to take a train into Cambridge at 7:15 PM.|No problem. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Kings Lynn on Friday.|Great, I can look that up for you! Do you want to catch the train after 7:15, or do you need to be in Cambridge by 7:15?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 19:15.|There are three trains that leave for cambrdige before 7:15. One is at 5:11, one at 6:11, and one at 7:11. Would one of these work for you?
Let's go with the one that leaves at 7:11. Can you tell me what the price is?|It is 9.80 pounds and it is a 47 minute ride. Would you like me to book a train for you?
No thanks, but I do need the trainID, please. Then let's talk hotels.|Yes the train ID for the 7:11 is TR3858.
I also need a room at a hotel in the west that has free parking. It should be 4 stars and cheap.|There are 8 hotels with those features are there any other features you want in order to narrow it down?
Not really any other preferences, what would you recommend?|I recommend the allenbell guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll need the reservation to be for 1 person staying for 3 nights. I'd like to arrive the same day as my train please.|Your hotel is booked. Your reference number is EBQN22N5. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all! Thank you!|have a great day!
Woah, wait, the train needs to arrive by 7:15, not depart. I doubt the train ride is 4 minutes, right?|The train will arrive by 7:15pm (19:15) and is 47 minutes long, not 4 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, as long you tell me I'll be on time, I should be good.|Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
That's all I needed thank you very much!|You are welcome, have a great time with your Cambridge adventure.  Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north to stay at?|There are quite a few guesthouses in the North.  Is there a price range you prefer?
Can you run a search for moderately priced guesthouses please?|Do you need free parking or free internet (or both!)?  That will help me narrow it down even more.
it doesn't really matter. Book it for 6 for 3 nights on sunday, and I'll need the reference number too please|I have made a booking for your party at Avalon hotel on 62 Gilbert Road. Your reference number is SSSLFOYC. I'm sure you'll love your stay!
I would love it more if I wasn't starving.  Can you point me in the direction of a good Chinese restaurant near my hotel?|I have 3 of them. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I do. The moderately priced restaurant, please.|How about the golden wok? Would you like to make a reservation?
Not for now but I do need their address, postcode and phone number.|The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and post code is cb43hl. Phone number is 01223350688.
Thanks very much for your help today.|You're very welcome!
Thanks for everything goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to find a nice, expensive place to dine in the centre.|i have 33 to choose from. what is your prefered type of food?
I want a place that serves astropub|Backstreet Bistro is my favorite. They're located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 2 people at 11:45 on wednesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV7CR016.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel with free wifi.|What area of town are you looking to stay and what price range are you looking for?
I want a hotel close to Backstreet Bistro. Not too expensive.|Cityroomz is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town with free WiFi. Can i book a room for you?
Yes book room for 2 starting Wednesday for 5 nights and get me reference number.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time. Would you like the number?
Could you retry, only starting on Wednesday?|The booking system is not working at this time.
Are there any expensive hotels in that area?|The booking system is back up, so I went ahead and completed the reservation for you at Cityroomz as requested. Your reference number is ORTE2F27. Anything else?
Great, thank you. I'm good to go now. Bye!|I'm glad we could help.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Meghna.|Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book for 3 people.|Im happy to book that for you, what date and time?
Make the booking for Friday at 13:00. If that isn't available, then 12:00 is fine. Please provide the reference number if you're successful.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 06PQA3E2
Great. I'll also need to make a reservation for a hotel with free parking in the south.|Ok i will try and find you one thank and welcome again
Hi, I need to find out information on trains leaving Cambridge and going to Broxbourne. Can you help me?|Yes the first train leaves at 05:01 the last at 09:01, did you have a particular time in mind?
I was looking to leave after 11:45 but it seems that it is not possible.|What day are you looking to depart?
I would like to depart Friday.|We do have many trains leaving after 11:45. TR4266 leaves Cambridge at 12:01. Would you like to book this train?
Er, sorry, I actually needed that train on Sunday, not Friday.|TR2939 leaves Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne at 13:01. For how many people would you like to purchase transport?
That's all the info I needed on the train, I am also looking for a place to stay with free parking in the north.|There are 11 places with free parking in the north. Would you like a recommendation or would you rather narrow down your search?
I also need free wifi, and I would prefer a hotel if that is possible|Ashley Hotel in the north is moderately priced with 2 stars and provides free internet and parking. It is a hotel. Would you like for me to book it? There is only one other hotel. It also has 2 stars. The remainder are guesthouses with free parking and internet mostly 4 stars.
Yes, can you book 4 nights at the Ashley Hotel starting on Wednesday?
 That is for 8 people.|I cannot process that booking, please change booking date or reduce the number of days.
How about a 3 day stay instead? Please get me the reference number if the booking is successful.|No problem. For 3 days at Ashley Hotel with 8 people, you reference number is V499X99C. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.  Can't wait to check out Cambridge.|Yes I have both guesthouses and hotels that are 4 stars. Any preference on amenities or price?
I need  it to have free parking too.|I can suggest allenbell.
is it expensive?|no quite cheap actually
Hmm, I don't usually like the cheaper places. How about anything that is moderately priced?|There is nothing that matches your criteria.
No problem. I would like a place to eat. Chinese food around the centre of town.|Okay I have many choices. Do you have a preference for price?
yes is should be expensive|I've heard great things about HK fusion.
Actually, I am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at 14:45 on Monday.|I have 3 options for moderately priced Chinese in the centre. I would suggest jinling noodle bar.
That will be nice. Can you book it for monday at 14:45 for 3 people?|Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, the reference number is : SBDEVYH9.
Thank you. Going back, I don't think we chose a hotel. I need a moderate price guesthouse with 4 stars. Remember?|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses with parking, which side of town are you looking for?
I am looking for the centre area.|Based on the criteria, I cannot find a hotel. Would you like to try a different preference?
What about an expensive one?|The jinling noodle bar had already been booked for you, is that not ok?
No that is fine but I do need a taxi to arrive at the reastaurant by 14:45 and pick me up from the hotel.|I don't see where you have chosen a hotel. Perhaps we should look at that first?
Yes an expensive one would be great with a 4 star rating and free parking.|The university arms hotel sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
No I just need their phone number and address.|They are on regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.|There are many high quality places to stay here, we have 19 4 stars places to choose from, any other preferences?
I would like it to be in the east.|Autumn house	is available, would you like to book that?
I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting on thursday. Can you please book that for me?|All set. Your reference number is TQA52SN1.
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge starting at 10:30|What is your destination?
I need to leave on sunday and my destination is london kings cross.|I'm sorry the earliest train I have on Sunday leaves at 11:59.
Could you check one more time? I'm departing cambridge and going to London kings cross. I should arrive by 10:30 on Sunday.|I have a train leaving at 7:59 and arriving at 9:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Please book for 7 people.|The booking was successful and 79.67 GBP will be payable at the station. Your reference number is GPU9OWRW. What else can I do for you?
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for calling. Please enjoy your trip to Cambridge, and let us know if there is any other way we can help. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for some information about Cambridge. Can you help me find a guesthouse to stay in? Money is no object!|I'd be happy to help with your request. To help narrow the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
Thanks for asking.  An expensive guesthouse in the west would be best for me.|I am sorry. There a no guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Do you want me to try a different location or price range?
moderate price range|I have one place. Would you like me to book it?
No I can book it myself.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm sorry, I've changed my mind. Can you please make the reservation at the guesthouse for 6 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.|I'll be happy to book the guesthouse for you. That will be Hobson's House located on 96 Barton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area.|I booked the guesthouse for you and your reference number is 9JAU8IOR. As for the restaurant, do you have a preference of cuisine or price range?
Thank you! I would like to go to an Indian restaurant, please.|Are you looking for a particular price range or area? I'm showing six indian places in the west near your hotel, but they are all expensive.
why don't you pick one and reserve 6 people 3 nights starting Monday please|Would you like the reservation on Monday or starting monday?
Let's review. I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the west with a moderate price range. Once chosen, the restaurant booking is for Monday.|Ok great.The Meghna will fit your needs. How many people and what day?
6 people please on Monday at 18:45. Thanks!|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XSNID0QW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.|Great! Thank you for call the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for a popular museum in the area.|There are 23 museums in the area. Do you have a particular part of town you are interested in?
I'm interested in the centre of town.|Yes I have several. I have contemporary art, anthropology and others. Any type intrigue you?
Can you please provide me the entrance fee, phone number and address of a contemporary art museum in the centre of town?|broughton house gallery museum is free and their phone number is 122 331 4960.
What is the address of that museum?|Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street. Is there any other information you need?
I am also looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house.|The alpha-milton guest house is located at 63 milton road postcode cb41xa. The phone number is 01223311625. Would you like me to create a booking?
Is there a suite available for 2 people for 5 nights starting Friday?|yup there is!
Okay, go ahead and book it and get me a reference number.|The booking was successful and your reference number is: SQ1LQGMU. Is there anything else I can assist you with.
Nope. I think I'm all set.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Goodbye!|It was my pleasure to help! Have a great day.
I need help finding a hotel, please.|I can help you with anything you need.  What hotel are you looking for?
I need a hote on the north with free wifi.|Ok, thanks for that information. What is your price range for the hotel?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.|We have quite a few hotels that meet your criteria.  May I ask if you have a preference of how many stars?
No star preference but it should also have free parking.|We have 9 options that meet your request. Do you want me to go ahead and book the cheapest for you?
Yes the cheapest will be fine,thank you|What area do you need to be in?
I would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be moderately priced and include free parking & wifi.|I have five places. Is there a star rating you prefer?
yes a 3 star rating at least|Hamilton Lodge is available, would you like me to book you?
No but I would like to find a train for Sunday going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge, leaving after 20:30.|Sure thing would you like me to book that for you?
First, may I have the postcode and address of the Hamilton Lodge, please? Then, I would like the train booked.|156 chesterton road, cb41da.  Now shall we finish booking the train?
Yes lets finish booking the train. I need to book for 4 people.|I have booked it Reference number is 8R9CJHWQ.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|I  hope you  have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?|Do you have a preference on a hotel or guesthouse?
I don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 4 stars.|Do you have a preference for location or price range?
No, I'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 4 star, free parking, and doesn't need to include Internet.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your criteria and is on the North side of town.
That sounds great. Could I get the postal code, please?|Sure! The postal code is cd41da. Would you like to make a reservation?
I also need a train from Cambridge.|And when are you wanting to depart from Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I mispoke, I need a train to cambridge. I need to leave ely after 08:30 on thursday.|I have train TR2029 that will depart Ely at 09:35 and arrive in Cambridge by 09:52. Would this schedule interest you?
Perfect. I'll need a booking for 4 people.|Your tickets are reserved. The reference number is 7DX9JIIE. The cost is 17.60 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be it, thanks!|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I am looking got a hotel near the centre and I need to it have free wifi.|I have 5 hotels that fit that criteria. Are you looking for a particular price range?
Expensive. A guest house, please.|I have no matches that fit that criteria, would you like me to look up something else?
How about one that is a hotel?|Yes, I have two results. Gonville hotel has 3 stars and University Arms has 4 stars, would one of those work for you?
Yes any one of them will do. I need to book for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday please.|The gonville hotel is booked. However, the good news is you are booked into university arms hotel. The reference number is BQ60JNGD. Is there anything else?
Uh, no that's fine. Thanks for all of your help.|Your welcome have a good day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?|Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and WiFi.|There is the Hobsons House.  It is nice and is a 3 star guesthouse.
Could you give me the postcode.|yes postcode is cb39lh
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. I would prefer a guesthouse.|I have found several guesthouses is there a particular are you wish to stay in?
I am looking for a cheap hotel with a rating of 0 out of 5 stars.|I have the El Shaddai in the center that is cheap and has a 0 star rating. Would you like a booking?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?|Yes they sure do. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes that will be fine. I will be needing accommodations for 5 adults for a total of 4 nights 5 days beginning Sunday.   Include reference number.|Your reference number is 0E0R0NEJ.
Okay, thank you. I would also like to go to a museum while I'm in town. Could you give me some information on possible options?|There are many different museums available. Is there a certain area you would prefer?
No thank you. Could you recommend your favorite museum?|The Broughton House Gallery is a lovely museum in the centre of town. It's located at 98 King Street cb11ln and has free entrance. Their phone is 01223314960. Would that work?
Actually, yes, that's great. You've answered all my question wonderfully, thank you. Bye!|You're very welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.
I need a moderately-priced place to stay. I don't care about parking.|Was there a particular section of town you were looking for?
No, as long as it is a hotel and not a guest house. It also needs to have free wifi please.|Ok, I'm showing three hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. I suggest the lovell lodge in the north.
i request you  to book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : PF88WYIU.is there anything you want me to do?
Was that the Lovell Lodge that was booked?|Yes it was, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i also need to book a train to Cambridge as well.|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|OK, we have ten trains that day, any time in mind?
I would like to leave after 15:30. I will need to book for 6 people.|I've got you all booked!  You have 6 tickets on the TR9802 for a total of 99.60 gbp and you can pay at the train station.  Anything else?
Can I get the reference number please?  I think that that will be all I need.  Thanks for your help!|I will get that number for you now.
I just need the reff number for the train you booked.  Same group of people will be needing tickets.|Of course. The reference number is FAE4OIMM. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that's everything for now. Thank you.|welcome anytime you wish to inquire anything
Can you get me the address to every hotel in the north. Thank you|There is only one hotel in the north area and its address is 365 milton road.
Thanks for your help, that's all I needed.  Have a good day.|you are welcome any time you need us
thanks alot, you are great|Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Ok, what kind of information about Cambridge do you need?
I would like a hotel that is in the north, has free parking, and is a guesthouse.|Acorn guest house is available, would that work for you?
Not sure. I'm strapped for cash, is it in the cheap price range?|city centre north b and b is on the cheap side or worth house.
Can you book one of them for 3 people?|What day will you be checking in and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday.|and how many nights?
For 5 nights please.|You are all set, the reference number is 439JME60, can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking at a train that departs Stansted Airport for 3 people.  Leaves Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 16:30.|Train TR9892 leaves at 5:24 and arrives by 5:52 would you like me to boko that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need three tickets, please?|I can work on booking that for you. I will be back with you shortly.
Were you able to book it?|You booking for 3 tickets on the TR9892 was successful. Your Reference number is : U5A2ZTWU.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to find an indian restaurant.|great, what area are you thinking of?
Actually, I just needed the tickets. That is all for now. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for lodging in the moderate price range with free parking.|I have located 33 moderate priced places with free parking, do you have any other preferences so I can narrow things down for you?
Which ones have free parking and Wifi?|14 of them do. Would you like me to book you a room at the Bridge Guest House, or any of the others?
Yes. Book whatever is available.|How many people are in your party?
There will be 7 people.|May I have your date of arrival and how many nights you would like to stay please?
We are arriving on Tuesday and want to stay 2 nights.|The Bridge Guest House book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try the Acorn Guest House?
Yes. I have heard great things about that guest house.|Your booking is complete. Your reference number is 33ZFXQ8P. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you!|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a train that leaves after 11:00 and goes to Cambridge|What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday from Norwich.|The earliest train leaves at 11:16 and every hour thereafter.  A ticket costs 14.08 pounds.  Can I help you book?
Please book the 11:16 train for 5 people and can I please have the reference number?|Alright, I have 5 tickets booked. your reference number is UDGBVRLM.
I also need to book accommodations. Something in the expensive range with a 3-star rating will do nicely.|There are two hotels that meet your criteria; the Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to book a room with one of these?
I need one that includes free parking, but it does not need to have internet.|Both the Gonville and the Lensfield have free parking and internet. The Gonville is central, whereas the Lensfield is in the south.
I think I would like the Gonville in the central area.|Okay, I will book for you then.  How many days and people, and would you like it to start the same day?
Yes, I'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. There will be 5 people.|I am afraid they have no bookings available. Would you like a shorter stay or different day.
Yes, let's try 2 nights and see if that works.|The booking was successful. The reference number is FWFEVQI8.
Thank you - that's all I need today. Have a great day!|My pleasure. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to Peterborough that leaves after 08:45? Thanks!|I can absolutely help you with that, what day will you be planning to travel and where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.|TR3211 leaves Cambridge at 09:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 09:56. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I actually need 3 tickets.  Please provide a reference number.|I booked you 3 seats on the TR3211 train departing Cambridge at 09:06. Your reference is YU1AWA94 and 39.59 GBP is due at the station. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for the hotel A and B guest house.|What would you like to know?
Do they include wifi, and can I get the postcode and phone number?|The A&B Guesthouse does offer free wifi!  And the phone number is: 01223315702.  The postcode is: cb12dp.
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. I need a train,The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on sunday|I can help you with that.  Do you have a time preference?
Yes I need to arrive by 14:30.|I have train TR9644 arriving by 14:23,is that good for you?
Yes could you please book it for me and get me a reference number?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket please.|I have 1 ticket booked on TR9644. The cost is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is CFPQ0W33. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an expensive hotel in the city centre.|Sure! Would you like to stay at the Gonville Hotel (3 stars), or the University Arms Hotel (4 stars)? Both have parking and internet.
Lets go with university arms, please book me for 1 person, 4 nights on sunday.|All set, the reference number is IFHSYRZN, any other questions today?
Which ever one you recommend. I'll need it booked for 1 person, Sunday, 3 nights please.|You're all set! Your reference number is IFHSYRZN
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Is the alpha-milton guest house still in operation?|Yes they are.  Still on the north side, woudl to liek me to book you or give you their contact info?
Great.  Can you reserve a room for me for Thursday?  There will be 2 of us and we would like to stay for 2 nights.|I reserved a room for you with reference number AOYFLXPT.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for thai food in centre please.|I can reserve at the restaurant named Bangkok City
Okay please book a table for the same group of people at 14:15 on the same day.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is S7RZRH3P.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two.|sure, just to clarify: do you need a taxi to take you from the hotel to the restaurant? or vice versa?
i need to get from the hotel to the restaurant|Okay, when do you want to leave the hotel? When do you want to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to go from the Alpha-Milton to Bangkok City by 14:15.|I reserved a grey Ford for you. The contact number is 07711417288. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Glad you chose us, enjoy your day.
What are my choices for a moderate hotel? I don't need free parking.|I have results for 18 moderately priced places, what area are you looking to stay in?
No particular area, I need a hotel with a 4 star rating.|Acorn guest house matches your requirements, would you like to book there?
Does it have free wifi?|The hotel does have internet.
Great can I get their address, phone number, and postcode?|The acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and should serve European food.|Do you have a area preference?
Yes, in the centre.|I have 2 European and 2 Modern European. Do you have a preference?
I would like the restaurant to be in the Centre and serve European food.|There are 2 to choose from: Hotel Du Vin and Bistro, and Galleria, and there are 2 others that are similar, but serve modern european. Do any of these sound good?
I would like to make a reservation at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro.|Of course, when would you like your reservation to be and for how many people?
Six people on Wednesday, at 17:00|Excellent, I have booked you a table for 6 at 17:00. Tables are reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is RI11SSDU.
Thank you so much for all your help!|Do you need anything else?
No that will be all.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, enjoy you hotel stay and your dinner!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side of town|I have several in the north part of town. Is there a particular number of stars or price range you are looking for?
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the north.|I have 8 different hotels in that range.  All offer free wifi, do you have a preference?  I personally like the Home from Home guesthouse.
Can you book it for me?|yes when were you planning your stay and for how many please?
Yes 4 people for 4 nights starting monday please|You are all set, the reference number is 4GZP4QEF, may I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a museum.|There are over 20 museums. Would you like to visit a museum in the north near your hotel?
I just want you to recommend one you think is best and then please tell me the entrance fee and area|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre and is free.
Thanks, I don't need anything else.|Okay, goodbye! I hope you have a nice time!
I'm looking for a place to stay, please.|In what area would you like to stay?
I prefer the east part of town.  And a 4 star rating if possible.|I have 6 in that area. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price range doesn't really matter. It don't really care if they offer internet though.|Might I suggest the Leverton house? it's located in the east.
Is it  a safe place to stay ?|I do not have that info.
What is the price range?|The Leverton house is in the cheap price range.
Ok. That will be fine. I am also looking for a restaurant called Nandos City centre. What type of food do they serve?|Nandos city centre serves portuguese food. They're in the cheap price range and they're at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at Nandos city center by 09:00|I booked a black BMW and the contact number is 07017169232. Is there anything else I can  help you with?
Perfect, thank you.|Thank you for calling.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road in the City Centre.  The phone number is 01842753771.
Thank you.  Can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is?  I'm looking for somewhere cheap.|The Golden House is in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table?
What is the food type?|They serve chinese food there.
No. I need a guest house, same price as the dining place.|What area would you like to stay in?
meh, i don't really care about the area.|There are two guesthouses in the centre area. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation for one of these?
Sure. I need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on Tuesday. Please book El Shaddai for me.|You're booked! Your reference number is 0H9B4720. Can I assist you with anything further?
Yes, I'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 18:45.|sure thing a black ford will be picking you up, contact number is 07417685839, anything else today?
That will be all today, thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want to find out if there are any moderately priced hotels in the north part of the city.|We have a lot of those!  I like the acorn guest house.  Would that work for you?
Yes that would be great! Can I have some information on it?|The Acorn guesthouse is in the North and is a moderately priced 4 start hotel with internet and parking.
Could I getting a booking for 7 people?|Absolutely, just a few questions....when do you plan on arriving and how many days are you planning on staying?
I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|Alright, I've booked your room and the reference number is 26VYTSIJ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to dine serving indian food.|I have a lot of Indian restaurants available. Can you tell me your price range or the area where you want to dine?
why don't you suggest one a book a table for 7 on thursday at 17:45|Would you prefer it be cheap, expensive or moderate price?
It doesn't matter as long as it is good.|Curry Prince is very good, and is moderately priced.
Is Curry Prince in the north? I realize now the restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel.|the nirala serves indian food on the north and its moderate. Can I book this for you ?
Yea please book that for the same group of people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 26VYTSIJ.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Good bye.|You are very welcome! good bye.
i'm looking for a train leaving on thursday and arriving by 11:45|There is a train leaving Thursday from Kings Lynn at 10:11, arriving at Cambridge at 10:58. Would you like me to pull up other listings?
Can you look up trains departing from Broxbourne instead?|I would recommend TR0393 which leaves Broxbourne at 5:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 6:32.
Great!  Can you book 2 seats for me on that one?|Your train has been booked. Your total cost is 35.79, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQUCLNLA.  Can I help with anything else?
I need to book a room in a guesthouse that has free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses in town with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area of town or do you have a price range?
Not really but I do need a 4 star rating.|Do you have a price range in mind? And will you need wifi?
WiFi is not necessary, but I would like free parking. I'm looking for mid range pricing.|There are nine moderately priced guesthouses available. I suggest Home From Home, a 4-star guesthouse that comes with internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Sounds great! I'll need to book a room for 2 people, for 2 nights starting Thursday.|Excellent. You are all set, and your reference number is : 2GHO31DA.  Anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything thanks|I hope I could be of service today, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi.|I'm sorry there are no 1 star hotels with internet, would you like me to search on 2 stars, we have a few hotels available.
Alright. I wanted a 1 star, but I guess I can listen to the 2 star options.|I have 2 on the north side that are in the moderate price range and 1 on the east side in the expensive range. Would you like to book one.
Hmm. What do you what about 4 star hotels?|There are 5 guesthouses with 4 star ratings in Cambridge with moderate to cheap price ranges. Would you like more information?
Well, I'd like to book one.  I don't think it matters which one.|What dates would you like to book the room for?
I need it for two nights starting on Saturday.|Okay, how many people will be in your party?
It would be for 7 people.|I have booked you at the A and B Guest House at 124 tenison road.  The reference number is 0J08KUGQ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all.  Thank you. Bye.|You are welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel in the expensive price range.|There are 5 expensive hotels available. Did you have a preference as to area of the hotel?
No, it doesn't matter.  I would like a 4 star hotel with free parking though.|There are two, one in the west and one the centre of town.
Could you reserve the one in the centre of town for 3 nights starting Monday?  There will be 3 of us.|Unfortunately, I wasn't able to book you for the day and time you wanted. Would another day or time be alright?
Okay, could you try the other one, please?|I couldn't book that one either. Would you like to change your criteria?
I would actually like to book it for 8 people, not 3.|Sure no problem. So the hotel is huntingdon marriott hotel and your reference number for the booking is 34BAQ2WK. Is there anything else I can help?
That's great. I'm all set , thank you!|You're welcome. Glad to help! bye bye!
I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse located in the center of town.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star hotel located in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
The hotel should have a star of 0 and should include free parking.|How about el shaddai. It's a gueshouse and located in the centre. They have free internet and parking.
Yes, four people for four nights, starting Sunday, please.|That booking was unsuccessful unfortunately, want to give another day a try?
Can you try another hotel in the same price range?|Ive located a guesthouse that meets your criteria expect that it is on the north side, city centre north b and b would you like me to try and book that?
Yes please do try that.|I have made a reservation for you at city centre North b and b for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is T1X3A0DO.
Thank you. Can you give me the address and the phone number?|Sure.  It is located at 328a Histon Road, post code cb43ht.  The phone number is 01223312843.  Can I be of further help?
No. I think that is all I need. Thanks for your help!|Wonderful! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars and has free wifi.|There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
I also need free parking. Do they have that?|We have 19 that match your search now. Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. Can you book one of them for Friday for me?|You are set.  I have made you a reservation at the Limehouse for Friday night.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that reservation please?|Sure, for how many nights will you be staying?
I just want the reservation number for Friday please.|I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know how many nights you'll be staying. Also, how many people?
4 nights. 3 people. Please include reference number in your response.|Sure, your room is booked, and your reference number is USB3QCDT. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd also like to line up a place to eat, if you could help me with that.|Sure thing! What type of cuisine are you looking for, what area of town, and/or what type of price range?
I'd like a moderately priced European restaurant in the centre, please.|Hotel du vin and bistro serves european food in the moderate price range. It is located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please. I need a table on Friday at 12:30 for 3 people, please.|The booking was unsuccessful, would another day or time work?
How about Friday at 11:30? Please include the reference number for the booking.|I have booked a table for 3 at 11:30. Your reference number is OUR3L525. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you. How far away is the Restaurant from the hotel?|The hotel's address is 78-80 milton road.
Thank you for all your help today.|You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be all.|Thank you for using are service and let us know if you have any future needs.
Hi I am in the north looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a hotel with 4 stars. Any suggestions?|The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north with four stars. It's moderately priced and includes wifi and parking. Should I book?
Um, give me a minute please|Ok, let me know whenever you're ready.
Yes, please. I need the reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.|Your booking was successful for 5 days at Archway House starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is UAUOPOBP.
Great, thank you. I am looking for some sort of entertainment in the Centre, maybe a park. Can you help me with that?|I can I've found botanic gardens in the centre area postcode is cb21jf and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. will there be anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.|Do you need a taxi between the guesthouse and the park? I can handle that, also.
No, the attraction and the hotel was everything.|ok thanks it is a pleasure to serve you
Hey, I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|I have several options to offer you, is there an area of town, or price range you'd like?
Thanks! I really don't care about the area. I need stay in a guesthouse that has free wifi and parking.|In order to try to narrow down your options, do you prefer a cheaper place or something moderately priced?
I don't mind about the price but I want something with 4 stars .|How about the Archway House?  it is moderately priced in the north.
That sounds nice.  Can you get it for four nights starting Thursday?|I will be happy to book it for you! How many people will be staying?
Four people. Thanks.|I've book the hotel for you for 4 people on Thursday. The reference number is QMOZPFHQ.
Thanks so much.  That is all I need.  Bye.|You're welcome.  If you need anything else please let us know.
Im in the west side of town, are there any pools on the westside?|Sorry, there are no swimming pools on the West side of town. Any other type of attraction you might be interested in?
Okay, how about a museum, then?|How about Kettle's yard. Would you like the contact info?
Yes, please provide the address.|It is located on Castle Street.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Is there an entrance fee?|No there isn't. Kettle's yard is completely free.
Excellent. Can I have their address?|Of course, the address is on castle street, the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, I'm looking for a 3-star hotel in the south, with free parking.|Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't, pick the best one. Please book a room for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Monday.|Okay. Your booking at the Lensfield Hotel was successful. The reference number is M0Z0VUJL. Can I help with anything else today?
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.  I want to leave the hotel by 20:15 please.|Your taxi will be a yellow Audi. The contact number is 07558448402. Can I do anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all|You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|We have 9 in the area. Is there a particular area you would like to stay ?
I want to be in the north.|I show results for 2 moderate priced hotels, the Ashley and the Lovell. Both have internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
could I have the address please?|Ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road	and lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road.
I need to book for 5 people and 2 nights starting monday. Do either of those have that available?|I have booked you at Ashley hotel for your time requested! Your reference is 6WFHNVGM.
What attractions are close to the Ashley hotel?|We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat nearby. What would you like more information on?
What do you recommend?|I would recommend the Milton Country Park, there is no entrance fee and it's nearby. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, just a taxi form the hotel to the park.   I want a really early morning to find a spot for the sunrise, so leaving at 02:15.|I booked you a white toyota and the driver can be reached at 07502392207. Enjoy the park and if there's anything else you need, I'm here 24/7
Thanks a lot for your help!|You are most welcome. I am glad to be helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi, I'll be visiting soon and can't wait to try local restaurants. I need a cheap place to stay and would like to try a guesthouse. Any recommendations?|Great! There are 9 guesthouses in Cambridge that are cheap. Is there a certain area you prefer?
I would prefer to stay on the East side, with free parking available.|That narrows it down to three: the Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Do any of these sound good to you?
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting wednesday  and i need a reference number|Your booking is all set! The reference number is 7TT8FO52. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel within the same price range as the hotel.|We have The Missing Sock, they serve international cuisine. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That sounds great! Can I get a table for 4 at 13:15 Wednesday?|Your booking is all set. The reference number is  MNOLS7EN. Can I help with anything else?
That's all. Thanks for the help!|Have a wonderful day!
I would like information on the Gonville hotel.|The gonville hotel is in the city centre. It is expensive, and has 3 stars. Free internet and parking. Address is gonville place. Can I get you a booking?
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 3 nights starting on Saturday.|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 28PZGFFT.
Thank you so much!|Thank you. Is there anything else?
Are there any expensive thai paces in the area?|There is bangkok city in the centre would you like me to make you a reservation?
Is that in the west?|It is in the centre, not the west.
I need something in the West|Sala thong is a great thai restaurant on the west side located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need any more information?
What postcode is that?|cb39ey. What else may I do for you?
I also need a taxi that will leave the restaurant by 09:15|Okay, what time do you need to leave?
I need to leave the restaurant by 09:15 to go the hotel. Can you book a taxi for me?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volvo
Contact number	:	07044362431
Can I help with anything else?
No that's it, thank you.|Thanks again for using our service, enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a train that departs on Friday.|Are you looking for a train or a taxi? Where would you like to depart from?
Actually, I'd rather find information about a park, somewhere on the south end of town if possible.|Sure.  There is a cinema at cambridge leisure way.  Would you like to have more information about that?
No thank you.  I was actually looking for a park and not a cinema. Is there a park on the south side of town?|There are two parks in the south area of town. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway and Wandlebury Country Park. Would you like to know more about either?
Yes, could you give me the postcode for Wandlebury Country Park?|The postcode for Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae.  Do you need any more information?
Yes. I'd also like to book a hotel for 4 people.|There are 4 hotels in the south area. Would you like more information about them?
Is there a hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west side of town, moderately priced. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, I want to book it starting Wednesday for 4 nights. It should be for 4 people.|Sure, I booked it. The reference number is ZZAG4CC0. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like a taxi and need to leave the hotel by 24:00.|I booked a Grey BMW for you.  Contact number is 07674785163.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.|Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
i need a place to go in cambridge that has sports in the centre|The only sports area in town is in the east. Would you like to look for a different type of attraction?
Sure. I'd like to find something in the area of architecture.|I have 5 different options, the Holy Trinity Church is free and it is a must see attraction!
Ok.  What is the phone number for Holy Trinity Church?|The phone number is 01223355397.
Can I have the address and phone number, please?|Sure thing, the phone number is 01223355397 and the Holy Trinity Church is located on Market Street. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you find me an expensive place to stay, it should be only 4 stars and include free wifi and parking.|Would you like it to be in the West or Centre?
It doesn't matter.  Could you also get me the postcode for Holy Trinity Church?  I forgot to ask.|cb23nz is the postcode
What area is it in?|It is in the centre area, can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Bye!
I am planning a trip and would love some suggestions on a place to stay when I arrive in Cambridge.|Will you be staying in the centre?
I can stay anywhere but I need the place to be expensive and have free wifi included.|The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Okay, book the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights starting with Sunday. There will be 7 guests.|I was able to book you, the confirmation number is LGM2U4IY, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for museums to visit in town. Do you have any recommendations?|The People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College is a must-see. It's on the west side and has free admission.
Great, would you be able to give me the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223338901 and the address is girton college, huntingdon road
Thanks. Now I'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at 15:15 and take me to gonville hotel. Please give me contact number and car type.|You are all set with a blue toyota, which can be reached at 07287670200. Is that all for today?
yes, that's it for me. thank you! bye!|you are welcome! bye for now!
I would like to find a train going to Leicester leaving after 18:30 please.|Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday|OK, i have TR8207, it has a trip duration of 105 minutes and is 37.80 pounds. Does that sound ok for you?
That sounds perfect. I will purchase the ticket at the station. Thank you!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I'll also be needing a place to stay. Can you find me a hotel type place? I don't need free internet.|I have many available options. What side of town would you like?
I don't mind where it is, but it should be 4 stars with free parking.|We have three options available would you prefer something cheap or expensive?
If there are any that don't have free internet tell me about that one, hotels usually start skimping on other things when they offer free internet.|They all have free parking and internet. I have Huntingdon Marriott in the west and expensive. Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west. And University Arms Hotel is expensive in centre.
The cambridge belfry sounds good as long as it is 4 star with parking. I will need a booking on sunday.|How many days would like to stay?
I would like to stay on Sunday for 1 person, 2 nights please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is R5YPRGU0. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!|You are very welcome. Have a great visit!
I'm looking for an entertainment venue to visit in the Cambridge centre.|will you mind to elaborate  more? maybe on price?
I'm looking in the expensive price range.|I haven't found any in that part of town. How about another area?
how about one that is in the type of college.
i also need the entrance fee, address, and phone number|I have many in that area would you like one that is free or had an entrance fee?
That does not matter can you recommend one please?|Gonville and Caius College is on Trinity Street and has no entrance fee.  The number is 01223332400.
Thank you, can I also book a guesthouse? it would need ot have free parking.|There are 21 different guesthouses across town with free parking. Do you have a price range in mind? Or do you want to stay in a particular neighborhood?
We can narrow this down a bit. I prefer a guest house in the east.|There are 5, 3 are cheap, 2 are moderate. How about carolina bed and breakfast? They are moderately priced.
Carolina bed and breakfast will work. Can I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223247015. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Does the Carolina bed and breakfast have free wifi?|Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking.
Thanks, I need to meet with my group before booking but can I get their number please?|The phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you that's all I needed today.|Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help?|I have a number of cheap hotels available; do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care which area the hotel is in.|Ok, would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
any so long as it is a 2star and has wifi|I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Do you want me to check a different price range?
Yes, please try expensive.|I'm sorry, there's not guesthouse fitting THAT description either.  Do you want to try a different hotel type or something?
Try either a hotel or guesthouse.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel in the east area that is expensive. It has wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please. book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DAEY6JJV.
Thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food and that is expensive.|I don't seem to have any vegetarian restaurants. Do you have a second choice for cuisine?
Italian would be fine.|There are 5 expensive Italian restaurants around town is there an area you prefer?
No any area will work. Whatever you recommend. I need a reservation for Friday, 3 people at 13:45. Please include the reference number.|I reserved a table for you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar, you ref # is SUY8VW, anything else for you today?
No, that's it!  Thank you for all your help!|ok, have a great day!
I need a hotel in the center of town with a star of 0.|I have 2 with 0 stars. One is cheap the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I would like the moderately priced hotel.|How about cityroomz? They have free internet.
Yes,address and phone number please ?|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book that for 2 nights from Friday for 2 people.|I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Would you like me to try the other one, El Shaddai?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range.|I was able to book El Shaddai for 2, for two nights starting Friday. Your reference number is X7WHA1XL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine. Thank you for your help.|The address of hotel El Shaddai is 41 warkworth street cb11eg and the phone number is 01223327978.
Have a nice day.|Have a nice stay at the el shaddai. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, I was unable to find something in entertainment in the centre of town. Can I help you in finding something in a different area or category?
Could you tell me about the types of museums in the Centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre, all of which are free. There are art galleries, an archaeology museum, and a history of science museum.
The History of Science Museum sounds interesting.  Could you please send me the phone number and address?|Their phone number is: 01223330906. Their address is: free school lane. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the centre with no internet.|I'm sorry, there is nothing in the centre without internet.  Would you like to try the North side of town perhaps?
No. I would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. It doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be expensive and with 3 stars.|Then the Gonville Hotel is the place for you. Would you like a room reserved for you?
Yes, if you could do that.|How many nights and starting when?
4 nights starting Friday for just myself.  If you could book that and provide me a reference number that would be great!|Okay, your room is reserved. The reference number is 7OB0YMGO. What else can I help you with?
Please book me a taxi leaving the History of Science Museum back to the Gonville Hotel.  I need to leave the museum by 17:45.|Of course. A blue Volvo will be picking you up at the Museum. The contact number is 07883239708. Will there be anything further?
No, you have been very helpful. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I am looking for the Limehouse hotel.|The Limehouse guesthouse is located in the north at 78-80 Milton Road
I'd like to make a reservation for Thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 2 nights please.|I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.|I am sorry there are no others in that price range or in that area,could I search another area for one?
Are you sure there's nothing available? I really need something in the same price range as Limehouse.|I show acorn guest house which is in the same area and price range.  Would you like me to check availability there?
Yes please check it for me.|I have good news. I was able to book you into the Acorn guesthouse and your reference number is DT4ENVMJ.
Oh good. Thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. that's all. Thanks again!|Thank you for using our service.
Hi I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town serving Indian food.|What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter.|Well I have Curry Garden in the expensive price range that is very good.
I'd like for you to book me a table at 15:15 on Friday for 5 please.  If that isn't available, how about Saturday? I need a reference number please.|You are all set, the reference number is AOXH1ZCQ, can I help with anything else?
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|What is the price range you're looking at?  Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
I would like an expensive guesthouse please.|I'm sorry, I don't see any expensive guesthouses.  Do you want to try another type or price range?
Yes, can you please check guesthouses in the moderate price range?|there are 15 choices. did you have an area in mind?
Can you recommend one and provide me with their star rating and area?|arbury lodge guesthouse is a very popular guesthouse located in the north part of town with a 4 star rating including both internet and parking
I also need a taxi.|Can you tell me which two places you are going between and the time you want the car?
I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse to the restaurant please. I'll need to arrive by 15:15.|Ok I need the name of departure and name of destination.
I'm going from the guesthouse to the restaurant. Again, I'll need to arrive by 15:15.|I have finished booking for you. You will be looking for a black Volkswagen. The contact number is 07359059357. Anything else for you today?
Thank you but that will be all.|I'm glad I could help.
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|We have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or a certain price range?
Yes I would like a place in the north and in the moderate price range.|We have 7 guesthouses that meet your requests. Can I book a room for you?
I need a hotel starting Thursday for 3 nights for 2 people.|Would you like me to book the archway house? It is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
Yes please,if it is available for Thursday for 3 nights for 2 people|I am afraid that was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Can you try another hotel in the same pricerange?|I booked for you a room in hamilton lodge which is in the same pricerange. Your reservation number is CFT39HL4. Do you need anything more?
That would be all, thanks for assistance!|Sure, pleasure all mine. Enjoy your stay!
Hi, can you help me find a hotel, please?|Sure, we have many hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, I just need it to be 5 stars and include free parking.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels that meet that criteria.  Might you be willing to accept a place with 4 stars and free parking?
Yes, I would like to book a four star hotel then.|We have three hotels matching that search. Could I book a room for  you at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
I'd like to get a little more information first.  What is the price range at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?|It is expensive.  I can check on a cheap hotel if you'd prefer?
No, I really want to stay at the Marriott.|Ok, great! How many guests will there be and how many days would you like to stay?
I don't need a reservation yet. I would like the phone number and postcode, though.|The huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 01480446000, it's postcode is pe296fl. How else can I assist you?
Are there any swimming pools in town?|There are, yes. There's the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch in the east, the Jesus Garden Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool north, and Parkside Pools in the centre.
I want the Abbey Pool. What's its postcode?|The postcode is cb58nt.
Do they offer free breakfast with their rooms .|I'm sorry but I don't have access to that information.
Can you book a taxi for me? From the pool to the hotel?|Yes, what time do you need the taxi?
I'd like to leave the pool by 4:45.|I have a booked a grey honda for you. The contact number is 07636297454. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, just one more thing. What's the address of the Abbey Pool?|That's pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Thank you. Could you book me a taxi from the pool at 4:45 to go back to my hotel?|There is a grey Honda booked for you to go from the pool to your hotel at 4:45. Their contact number is 07636297454 in case you need to reach them.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Sorry for making you repeat yourself like that! Have a great day, goodbye!|No problem at all, and you're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere in the west.|I can help with that.  Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter, but I do need it to include free wifi.|There are four possibilities. Do you have a price range in mind?
We would like it to be in the expensive price range.|The huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, sounds get.  I need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting monday|I have booked a room for five nights beginning Monday for a party of 1. Your reference number is IXEZZNYL. Can I help you find anything else in the city?
Yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as my hotel?|Would you prefer moderate or expensive prices?
It doesn't matter. You can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is british and in the same area as my hotel|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IXEZZNYL.
Uhh Yes, the name of the place please?   After that I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to arrive at the mysterious unnamed restaurant.|The name is Saint Johns Chop House.   What time would you like a taxi for?
I would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is 14:15.|Your booking is complete. A blue Lexus has been assigned to pick you up. 07848295370 is the contact number. Anything else I can do?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.|You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of Cambridge.|We have three cheap and moderately priced guesthouses on the south end, or one expensive hotel.
I would like a moderately priced place to stay, please. Also, I absolutely need free parking wherever I am staying.|Could I recommend aylesbray lodge guest house or bridge guest house?
Bridge guest house sounds great. I would like to book it for seven people and two nights starting friday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3D2YXAFF.  What else can I assist you with today?
I am also looking for a Train departing Stevenage on Friday.|There are several trains that depart from Stevenage on Friday.  What time of the day would you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave after 15:15.|There are 5 trains. The earliest matching your request leaves at 15:54 and arrives in cambridge by 16:43. Do you want to book?
Yes, please book tickets for 7 people on that train and absolutely do remember to send me the reference number too|Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is 9BT7493G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Not a problem. Have a nice day!
I need a hotel in Cambridge that is a 4 star and has WiFi|Based on your request I found the University Arms Hotel is available.
Is that located in the west? I also need free parking.|It is in the west and it does include parking. How many days would you like to stay?
I would like to stay for 2 nights starting from saturday. Also book it for 5 people.|I have booked the hotel starting Saturday for 5 people for 2 days.  The reference number is 18OADQCC. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you also find me an expensive indian restaurant?|The curry garden is an expensive restaurant located in the centre of town. Do you want me to book a table?
Actually I would like a place in the same area as the hotel, if possible.|There are 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west, tandoori place, cocom, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house, do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the Maharajah Tandoori. Could you give me their phone number and postcode?|Of course, the phone number is 01223358399 and the post code is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
Hi there, can you help me find a good Chinese restaurant? I seriously need some egg rolls.|There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for any particular area or price range?
I'd like it to be in the north, and expensive would be best.|I would recommend either Hakka or The Hotpot.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for one of these restaurants?
Lets try Hakka,can you book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday?|It is booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is VWDBTAYR.
Thank you! I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.|A and B guest house might fit your needs. Would you like me to book it?
I'd actually like a hotel instead of guesthouse and in the centre of town.|i'd like to suggest to you cityroomz
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town.|Moderately priced options in the north are abundant. Do you have any particular preferences or needs I should enter into the system to narrow it down?
The hotel should be a guesthouse, in the 4 star range|We have plenty of options. Any other preferences?
No. Do you have any suggestions?|I would book from acorn guest house, with 4 stars. Is that okay?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you book that for Wednesday. I have 2 people and want to stay 3 nights.|Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can we try for 2 nights instead. I'll need the reference number too.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : YH1D51ZS. May I help with anything else?
Yes, are there any trains leaving town after 13:45 on Friday?|Where will you be leaving from and going to?
I am leaving from cambridge to bishops stortford.|I have several trains that will work for you. You can arrive as early as 16:07 or as late as 24:07.
Can I have the train ID and price for the first train after 13:45?|TR2730 is the train ID. May I go ahead and book that for you?
NO thanks, no need to book for now.   That is all of the info that I need.|Ok great.  Anything else you need?
Can i have the price as well.|That trip would be 10.10 pounds per ticket.
Thank you goodbye.|You are welcome, have a great trip.
Hi, could you possibly help me find a train for my upcoming trip?  I've been put in charge of the plans.|I can help you with that, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, going to Broxbourne. I would like to leave after 17:45 on Thursday.|There are five trains that meet your needs. Te earliest arrives by 19:01, the latest arrives by 24:01. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
May I please have the price first?|The ticket price is 17.90 pounds.What else may I do for you?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free parking.|I have three hotels that meet your needs.  Is there a specific area you'd like to be in?
Broxbourne. And is should have free parking in the CHEAP price range. I am very frugal|There is The Cambridge Belfry located in the west. I'm not sure if this is the area you're looking for. Would you like more information?
What is the postcode? I want to make sure I don't have any enemies in the area.|The post code for the cambridge belfry is: cb236bw
I need a place to dine on Indian food. Centre of the town please.|Sure, is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No. Just a place that can accommodate a table of 8 at 17:15 on Sunday.|You have a reservation at Saffron Brasserie for 8 people on Sunday at 17:15. Reference #Q7C8EX21. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need to find a 3 star guest house that has free wifi. Can you help me?|on what area should your hotel be?
The area doesn't matter, I'd just like a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.|There are 3 options. I recommend hamilton lodge. Want me to book it for you?
No need to book, just tell me the price range, postcode, and address if you could|Hamilton lodge is moderately priced. The postcode is cb41da and they are located at 156 chesterton road. Will that be all for you today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Please help me find a four star hotel.|There are many 4 star hotels. What area and price would you like to be in?
Somewhere South, mid price range and preferably a guesthouse type of hotel.|I've found the aylesbray lodge guest house.  It has a moderate price and 4 stars.  It offers free internet and parking.  Shall I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that.|Ok I will book it for you
I need it for 3 nights starting Thursday. There will be 5 of us.|You're all set I've booked the Aylesbray lodge guesthouse for 3 nights 5 people starting Thursday. Your reference # is DTX3QITL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there any expensive Irish restaurants?|Sorry, no venues found. Want to change the food type or price range?
Okay, let's adjust the food type to african please|The Bedouin serves African food, would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address and phone number.|They are at 100 Mill Road City Centre and can be reached at 01223367660. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I would like a cab leaving the hotel by 8:00 going to the restaurant, I need contact number and car type please.|Your red bmw was successful. Your contact number is 07998933072.
Thank you. I do not need any further help right now.|Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you. goodbye
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at in the area, no guesthouses please.|And what area would that be in please?
No preference in area but what is available with a 4 star rating?|I don't have anything with a 4 star rating. Can I try something else?
Can you try a guesthouse instead?|I would suggest a  & b guesthouse.
I need the address and postcode. Does it have internet?|The post is cb12dp and it does have internet.  Can I help with anything else?
I still need the address, please.|Sorry about that. The address is 124 tenison road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for places to go in town. I'd like to visit a museum. Can you recommend a good one and provide the address and postcode?|Were you needing it in a certain area or did you just want a recommendation for anywhere in town?
Any area in Cambridge will be fine, thank you.|Then I would definitely recommend Cambridge Artworks in the east. Their address is 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you. Can I also have the postcode please?|the postcode is cb13ef else can i do for you?
thankyou so much for the information|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?|Ok, and where are you heading to?
I am heading to Ely.|What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry.  I need to leave after 16:00 going to London Liverpool Street.|The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.|I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please|There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the north|There are 11 entries in the north. What price range are you looking for?
50 to 75 dollars|when would you like to move into the room
I would like to move in on Saturday and stay for 4 nights.|The alpha-milton guest house is available, which is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
I also need to make sure it has free wifi and can accommodate two people.|Booking was unsuccessful.
Please book another day or a shorter stay
How about starting on Sunday?|I'm sorry the Alpha-Minton doesn't have free wifi. I booked you into the Avalon starting Saturday, which you wanted.
Thanks!  May I have the reference number?|Sure! That is BANQDUCA.
Thank you very much.|You are more than welcome!
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.|Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.|We have 2,828 entries for a train.  Could you narrow it down to what you need?
I need to get a train that will arrive by 13:30 heading to cambridge from norwich|What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|how many tickets?
Just for myself please.|We have trains leaving every hour from 05:36 to 11:36. How early do you want to leave?
It doesn't matter as long as i arrive by 13:30.|The first train leaves at 5:36.
Can you book it for me?|You are booked on the 05:36 train on Friday. Reference number TR2534. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number please.|Sure, your reference number is 2UBIWV3N. May I assistance you with anything else today?
No that is everything, thanks for all your help. Goodbye|Have a safe trip.
I'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge, leaving after 12:30 on monday|From where will you be departing?
I am leaving from Ely.|I have the TR4849 train leaving Ely at 13:35 on Monday.
What will be my arrival time in Cambridge and what is the ticket price, please?|The price is 4.40 pounds. You will arrive at 13:52.
Perfect, could you also assist me in finding a place to stay?|I sure can. What area would you like to stay?
Oh I'm not picky on the area. I definitely need free wifi, moderate price, and 0 stars though.|How about cityroomz? It is located in the centre of the city, is moderately priced, has 0 stars, and has free wifi. I think it would be perfect ofor you!
That's perfect I need it booked for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Monday.|You are booked and your reference number is QUJQMRK7. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a guest house with free parking.|The are 21 options, any other preferences that you haven't mentioned yet?
I'd like it to be in the centre, 4 stars preferably.|I have alexander bed and breakfast that meets that information, would you like me to make a booking?
No but I would like the post code please.|Sure here is the post code you nedeed cb12de.
Thank you.  I'm also interested in finding a cheap Italian place to eat.|I have several options is there a certain area you were interested in?
Yes, I need it to be located in the town centre.|Ok, there are three places in the town centre. I recommend zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you. I'd prefer to book it myself. May I have the telephone number for the restaurant?|Here it is. 01223365599, Will there be anything else?
that is all i needed for today thanks for your help|You are welcome. I can also help arrange transportation or suggest attractions, if you wish.
No, thank you. I have all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should have a star of 4|I am sorry, but we do not have any hotels like that in that area.
Do you have any guesthouses like that?|Yes, I have two. Would you prefer a pricerange of cheap or moderate?
I am not picky, really.|I'd recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, we are arriving on Monday. Five of us for 5days, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : A51B0MGU.  Enjoy your stay!
Thanks for your help! Bye!|My pleasure. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm going to be in the north part of town next week. Can you help me find a place to stay?|We have 13 places to stay on the north side of town. Do you have any preference of whether you'd like to stay in a hotel or a guesthouse?
Let's see...I'd like to get free internet. And if you have a place with 4 stars, that would rock!|There are quite a few that would meet those requirements.  Would you prefer a cheap or moderate rate for your stay?
Honestly, the price range doesn't matter to me. Is there anything you can recommend?|I have the acorn guest house that is rated 4 stars and in the moderate price range.
That sounds good. What's its phone number, please?|The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like any other info?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Enjoy your stay and let me know if you need anything else.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.|We have 33 options available, any specific details on the type of place that your looking for?
Yes, the Gonville Hotel.  Can I get the price range, area, and address please?|Sure I can get that for you.  The address is Gonville Place, cb11ly in the centre area.  The price range is expensive.
Thank you. Could you also give me information about an attraction called The Man on the Moon?|I sure can! The Man on the Moon is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street in Centre. Do you need more information?
I need the postcode.|Of course. The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of it thank you|Thank you and have a good trip.
That is all I needed today.|It was my pleasure to be of help.  Goodbye.
Are there any hotels that offer both free parking and free wifi?|Almost every place in Cambridge meets those requirements! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I need it to be in the cheap range.  Thanks for helping me with this!|You're very welcome. We have ten great, inexpensive guesthouses spread throughout Cambridge, such as our Alexander Bed & Breakfast which is rated 4 stars.
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IQ8WDOKB. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for the Shanghai family restaurant|Yes of course, the Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre of town, would you like me to book it for you?
May I just get their phone number please.  I am also going to need a taxi.|Their phone number is 01223301761. Where are you headed in your taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at 11:15 and go to the restaurant. Please give me car type and contact number too.|I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07084963980. What else would you like today?
Great, thanks! That is all for now.|Glad to help. Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for an expensive hotel that includes free parking.|Express by holiday inn cambridge is available and fits your requirements
I also need a place that is on the west side of town and that has free wifi.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on the west side of town, is expensive, with a 4-star rating, and free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm not sure. May I have their telephone number first?|Sure thing. The number is 01480446000. Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Please feel free to return to this service if you need anything else.
Yes, could you please tell me about the Alpha-Milton guest house?|Certainly, it is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the northend. It doesn't offer free wifi or parking. Would you like the phone number or address?
Do you know what the price would be for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting Thursday?|It is in the moderate price range.  If you would like me to book it for you, I can give you a price then.
Yes can you please book me for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting Thursday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same price range available at that time?|The Acorn Guest House is available and meets the same criteria.  I have booked it for you.  Your reservation number is LI4HVTBM.
Perfect that will work for me thanks so much.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I'm looking to take a train on Tuesday and heading to Cambridge.|Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|ok, what time do you want to depart?
Well I want to arrive by 16:15.|You have quite a few options. Would you rather leave early in the morning because trains run every two hours from 05:35 ?
I could leave in the morning.|How many tickets please?
I don't need tickets just the information for the train. I need the train ID please.|The train ID is TR8685.
I also need a place to stay with free wifi.|Do you have a preference? Hotel rating, location, parking, or internet availability?
I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free wifi, please.|We have no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Can I find something else for you?
Any guesthouse in the cheap range?|Yes! How about Allenbell?
I would like to book 5 people for 5 nights the same day.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is 6GDIBPKO. How else can I help?
That's all I need. Thank you so much.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for this restaurant called city stop restaurant|i've got their information, what would you like to know?
I need their postcode and price range.|City Stop Restaurant is in the expensive price range and their postcode is cb41uy. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at please.|There are 4 places that fit what you are looking for. Do you need me to narrow down the list for you?
Do any of those places include free parking?|Hamilton lodge is 3 stars with free parking and internet located at 156 chesterton road. Phone 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in cambridge in the moderate price range|We have several options, and most are in the center of town. I recommend Cotto!
Can you make me a reservation please?|Absolutely! May I please have the day and time and also the number of people attending?
Actually, I would just like the address, postcode and phone number instead at this time.|Here is that information,phone-01223302010 post code-cb11bg Address-183 East Road City Centre
Thank you, I also need a 4 star hotel in that area for 3 people, 2 nights, starting Friday evening.|The University Arms Hotel fits your specifications, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.|Okay, please tell me what day you will arrive, how many days you will stay, and how many people
I need it on Friday for 2 nights and 3 people. Thank you.|It isn't allowing me to make that reservation, is there a different day I can try.
Let's try Sunday, please.|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : Z3CX53OL.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed tonight.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
I'm looking for places to go, can you guide me?|I would love to assist you today.  I can guide you to attractions, restaurants, and hotels.  What would you like to do?
I'd like to visit an attraction in the west. Suggest something for me please.|What about the Cafe Jello Gallery? It' a free museum.
That sounds great. What is their phone number and postcode?|Their postcode is cb30af, phone number 01223312112. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am looking for information on the Hamilton Lodge.|The hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north area. Would you care for more information?
Yes, could you give me the address?|Sure thing. It's 156 chesterton Road.
Thank you, that is all I need today.|Thank for using our service today!
Hello, is there any 4 star places to stay in the north?|Sorry, I did not found a 4 star hotel in the north. Can I look in the south? There are several nice 4 stars hotel in the south.
Any of them a type of guesthouse?|For guesthouses, I do happen to have 8 listings. I have one cheaper, and the others are all moderately priced. Do you need any free wifi or parking?
No I don't need those things, could you give me the address of one that you recommend?|I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House which is on 154 Chesterton Road.  Do you need any other information?
Thanks for that information.  That's all I need for now.  Have a great day!|You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye!
I want to visit an architecture attraction in the south of town.|I don't show anything in the south.  can i look in another area for you?  I'm sure we can find some great architecture elsewhere.
Is there any with the type of entertainment here?|Yes.  You could go to Nusha or Tenpin.
Tenpin sounds fun. What's their postcode, please?|It's cb17dy.  They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you find me a cheap place to stay with free wifi?|In what area would you like to stay?
What area would you recommend?|There is Rosa's Bed and breakfast in the south part of town, not too far from Tenpin. Would you like me to check if they are available?
Does it have free parking, I really don't need free parking, and I worry about security at the places that do have free parking.|Yes, rosa's does have free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure yet, what is the postal code there?|Its postal code is cb22ha.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.  I want to leave the attraction by 03:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07944936323 is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's all I need. You've been very helpful, thank you!|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I'm interested in going to The Junction during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|It is located in the south part of town at clifton way.
Great! Can I get the postcode?|The postcode for The Junction is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that will be all. Thanks and have a good day.|Enjoy your visit to the Junction! Have a great day!
Yes actually I am looking for a place to stay in the epensive price range with free wifi, a 3 star rating and also free parking.|The Lensfield Hotel is nice.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I sure would.  Can you also tell me the address and postcode?  Thanks!|cb21en, post code. Adress is 53-57 lensfield road. Shall I book you in?
No, but can you get me a taxi between the two places?|Which place is the departure site and which is the destination?
The departure will be the hotel postcode cn21en to travel to the Junction.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
Sorry, I actually want to go from the attraction to the hotel. And I want to leave the attraction vy 19:45. Book that please and give me the info.|Done! You'll be picked up in a red Skoda, and the contact number is 07784377878. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.|you are welcome and have a good day
I'd like to know if there's a swimming pool to go to in the center of Cambridge?|Parkside pools is located in the centre of town.
Please get me their address.|Their address is Gonville Place. Phone is 01223446100.
Thank you appreciate the fast info.  I am also looking for a guesthouse.  Can you help me book it?|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel in the centre by the pool.|There aren't any guesthouses that match your criteria in the center, however there are many in the north, south, east, and west. Would you like one of these areas instead?
North sounds good.|Sounds good there are 9 choices in the north but I recommend avalon, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|Do you want me to book you at any hotel of my choosing?
You said the avalon..that sounds fine.|Done! The reference number is T1XHLK4I. Can I help you with anything else?
Lastly, I will need a taxi from the Avalon to to the Parkside pools by 24:30.|The car will be a grey honda and their contact number is 07399252807. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks a bunch. That's all. Goodbye|Have a good evening. Bye.
Hello! I'm looking for a train that leaves after 10:15 on Sunday.|Where is your departure and destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to peterborough, please.|Train TR1492 departs from Cambridge at 10:34 on Sunday and arrives at Peterborough by 11:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 1 person.|Unfortunately, there is not a train on Sunday matching your criteria.
Are you sure there are no trains going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday leaving after 10:15? What about TR1492 that you said?|The TR1492 train to peterborough leaves at 10:34 and arrives at 11:24, may I book this trip for you?
yes, book that for me and get me a reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GQSOT34U.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a hotel for my group?|Do have any hotel preferences like price or location?
The hotel name I am looking for is named Hamilton Lodge.|The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced and have a 3-star rating. They offer both free wifi and free parking.
Can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 2 nights starting from Friday, please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q52LOX3W. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you have been a great help already.  Thanks, and have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.|Home from Home is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from Saturday.|I was able to book your room for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.  The reference number is : SV1VVPV4.  Is there anything else you need?
That will do it.  Thank you for your assistance!  Have a good day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Actually, I also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling?
Where is the restaurant called Tandoori Palace?|You can find tandoori palace in he west.  Need a reservation?
yes, book me a table for 2 at 19:00. can you give me directions and the actual address please?|Yes, I will book that.  It is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can I have a confirmation number ?|Did you want your table for today?
Actually, I don't need it for today. What's the price range of the place?|Its the epxensive price range , can I help you with that
I am looking for information in Cambridge|And *I* am looking to give you information. Perfect match! What would you like to know?
Can you find me alpha-milton guest hotel?|It is located in the north at 63 milton road
Well I'm not certain. I was hoping you could tell me. Is there more than one guest hotel named alpha-milton?|No, just the one.  Can I help you with any other information?
no, that's all. thanks! goodbye|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. Goodbye!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.|What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.|What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.|There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.|There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I've heard that the only trains out of Cambridge leave before 8:00. That's not really true, is it?|No, it certainly isn't.
Is there a train that departs from cambridge after 08:00 on Wednesday that goes to birmingham new street?|There is.  There is actually an 08:01 but that might be too close.  How about a 09:01?
The 08:01 is fine actually. Can you book it for 6 people?|Sure thing, the reference number is D6UJRBDF
Thank you. I also need information about finches bed and breakfast.|Finches bed and breakfastis a guesthousein the west area.it is cheap and in the 4 star range.their number is 01223276653	and cb30nd. it is located in 144 thornton road.
i need a place to stay|I'm happy to help you find something. To start, do you have a certain area of town in mind?
Centre, please. I want a type of hotel and free parking and free wifi, please.|Sure I have so many options. Is there an area of town you would like to stay in?
Oh, yes. The center, please.|I have 4 results for that, 2 are expensive and 2 are cheap. Which price range do you prefer?
It does not matter.  Just make a suggestion and please provide the address.|I have a 4 star guesthouse in the cheap price range.  It's located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.  Can I book for you?
I also need a swimming pool to go to.|Parkside Pools is also in the centre of town. would you like more info?
Yes, I'd like to have the address, phone number, and entrance fee, please?|No problem! 01223446100, gonville place, no entrance fee listed though.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time will you need the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 04:00|Where would the taxi pick you up from?
As I said before, I want to go from my hotel to the swimmingpool|A grey audi will pick you up at Alexander Bed and Breakfast at 04:00 and take you to Parkside Pools. If you need to contact the driver, call 07011763423.
I think that is all that I need thank you for your help today. I appreciate it.|enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
I would like to get some info on the pembroke college please.|Certainly, its a beautiful campus in the centre part of town, they are on trumpington street and the admission is free.
Thanks.  That answers my questions.|great, is there anything else i can assist you with today?
I also need a hotel.|What area are you wanting to stay in?
I would like that to be located in the north.|What is your preferred price range?
No particular price range, but I would like it to be 4 stars.|I have about 8 options. Might I suggest the Avalon. It is a guesthouse in the north. Moderately priced with 4 stars and offers free wifi.
That sounds great. Could you book it please for 6 people for 4 nights? I want to get there tuesday.|Your booking for 6 at Avalon this Tuesday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : W4A55772. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for booking that for me!|Glad to be of service.
I want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on Thursday.|There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.|The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : R4CR5ASG.
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.|There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
Can you find me a very nice hotel in the west? Money is not an issue.|There are 4 hotels that match those criteria. How about Hobson's house?
That should work fine. Book it for me please.|How many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 5 days. Can you book the Hobson house for me for 5 people please?|What day will you start staying?
I'll be arriving on Sunday.  Please send me the reference number for this stay.|It doesn't look like there's any availability for your stay. Would you like to try a different day or length of stay?
Yes, let's try for 4 nights instead.|That works. Your reference number is ICQWVQL9. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to dine. I would like the same price range as the Hotel|there's over one hundred restaurants i've found, what type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for modern European cuisine.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a very nice, expensive restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Can you find a modern European restaurant in the West?|I am sorry, but there are no modern european restaurants in the west, could I book you in a restaurant in another area?
Is there anything in the south?|Restaurant Alimentum is a moderate priced restaurant located in the south. Would this be okay?
Are there any expensive modern European restaurants?|I have expensive restaurants in the center. Would those suit you?
No the west would suit me|I'm sorry, we seem to be having some confusion. Please restate your criteria for the restaurant, and I'll do my best to help you.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west of town that serves modern European dishes.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive Modern European restaurants in the west side of town.
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.|I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help. Have a good day.
I'm looking for for a cinema in the south. Can you give me some information on cinema's in the south?|there is only one, it's called cineworld cinema
How much is that cinema's entry fee?|I'm afraid that the entry fee for Cineworld Cinema is unknown. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'll need it to be moderately priced, in the same area as the attraction, and free parking, please?|bridge guest house	is a 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town in the moderate price range with free wifi and parking.
Do they have a room available for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and checking in Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z108ABS3. Can I help you with anything else ?
I need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, I want to leave the cinema by 08:15.|Booked you a taxi ride look for a red tesla car contact number is 07746939508. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything that I need?|Have a wonderful time.
Thanks, have a great day!|Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for a restaurant to dine in during my visit to Cambridge.|I would love to help! Any kinds of foods you'd prefer?
I would prefer something in the Centre area, that has a moderate price range, and serves Afghan food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Afghan restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are there any restaurants in the cenre that serve turkish food?|Yes we have 2 moderate priced options.  Anatolia or efes restaurant.  Do you have a preference?  I can book a table for you if you want.
I'm not ready for a reservation, but can I get the address for Anatolia?|sure! it's 30 Bridge Street City Centre
I'm sorry I also need the post code.|The postcode is cb21uj.  What else can I help you with today?
I'm also looking for somwehere to stay, is there anything with a star of 0?|I have not found anything with a star of zero.
What's good to eat on the west side, in the moderate price range?|Do you have a food preference?
I would really like Indian today if you can find it for me.|The meghana is an indian restruarant with a moderate price range.  Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please book me a table for 4 people at 13:45 on Tuesday.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Thank you, please do.|Great, I got that booked for you.  Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I still need the reference number...|I am sorry that I told you it was booked. Something is wrong with our system.  Here is the phone number so you can call them directly, 01223727410.
If you can not book it on that day, could you try to get me in o Wednesday?|I was able to Book Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OI555UW4.
I need an expensive hotel also.|We have five options, any preference on area or amenities?
The hotel should have a star of 1 and should include free parking.|I'm sorry, but there are no 1-star expensive places to stay.
What about a 4 star one then.|We have two hotels with 4 star ratings. Would you like it in the west or centre?
I would prefer the west. Are there any hotels in the west area?|Yes we have the huntingdon marriott hotel in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need hotel information at this time. Thanks for the restaurant booking. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just call us back.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Can you help me find something moderately priced?|We have plenty of moderately priced options with free WiFi. Do you have any additional preferences?
Are there any with a 5 star rating?|Unfortunately, none of them have a 5 star rating.
Are there any with a 4 star rating?|Oh yes, several.  Are there any addition preferences on those?
Nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. Could you book a room starting Saturday for 3 nights, 5 people?|You are booked at the acorn guest house. Reference number is ROCCFCM6.
Thank you so much, that is all I need.|Great, enjoy your stay.  Bye.
Hello, can you give me some information on a train?|I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.|Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?|Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.|We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.|They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
I'm sorry, I actually need a guesthouse.|Unfortunately, I don't have any matches in my system. Is there something else I can look for?
How about one in the cheap price range?|There are several guesthouses in the cheap range all over town.  What area do you prefer?
I am going to be visiting and need a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses across the city.  Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Yes, I am hoping to stay in the centre.|There are two options. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation at one of these two choices?
Do either of those have a 0 star rating and are in a cheap price range?|Yes, the El Shaddai has a 0 star rating and falls in the cheap price range. They're located in the city centre as well. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, do they have internet?|Yes, both have internet and parking.
Can I have the postcode for that one please?|Sure. Their postcode is cb11eg. I can book a room for you if you would like?
I'm not sure if I'm ready to book, but I'd like to also find a train if I can please.|I have over 2,800 listings for train departures. Where are you looking to go? And when?
I'm leaving cambridge on wednesday and going to stevenage.|Ok, the first train from cambridge to stevenage leave at 05:21, there is a train every two hours until 23:21, any time preference?
I need it to leave after 08:30.|TR8913 will leave at 09:21, would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can you make a booking for me for 6?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station    Reference number is : 4OCMA9VI.
Okay, thanks a lot.|Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free parking please.|Acorn guest house is available if that would work for you?
what is the star rating? i'm actually looking for 4 star rating in the east part of town.|Then the Carolina Bed and Breakfast or Warkworth House might be more to your liking, they're both 4-star guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
I would like to be booked into the Warkworth House starting Tuesday.|Okay. How many people will be staying?
Seven, and three Nights from Tuesday on.|I'm sorry, but there aren't enough rooms available at the Warkworth House. Should I try another hotel?
Yes, any in the same pricerange.|I got you a room at carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is IBNBRCMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much, that was all I needed today.|Enjoy your stay
I'm visiting the area and want to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast.|Sure thing! If you can tell me the day you're arriving, the number of nights you're staying, and the number in your party, I'd be happy to book that!
I'm still working out the details for all of that.  Can you tell me the star rating of the hotel?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse located in the South. Can I help you further today?
Yes.  I would like to visit a museum while I am there.|The Bryard Art Museum is also in the South and has no entrance fee. Will that do?
What is the postcode, phone number and address of this place?|I'd be happy to provide the information. The address is 14 Kings's Parade, cb21sj. You can reach the museum at 01223464646. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a taxi that will take me there. I want to leave the hotel by 18:30. I need the contact number and car type of the taxi.|OK, a red Toyota will pick you up at Rosa's B&B at 18:30. The contact number is 07584591119.
thanks so much, bye|Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye.
Hi, do you know of a hotel called finches bed and breakfast?|Yes of course. It is rated 4 stars, is located in the west and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Sure. I'd need a room for 8 people, 5 nights starting on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6AYRAXKH. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Italian food.|There are five great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend caffe uno located in the centre of town.
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.
The restaurant should be in the south|My favorite restaurant would fit your criteria.  It's called Frankie and Bennys.  Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?|Sure, I'll get right to that. First, can I ask the day you'd like to eat there? Also, what time and how many people?
I actually dont need a reservation. just the address, postcode and phone number please.|They are located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. Phone: 01223412430.
Thank you, can I get a taxi as well? I need to leave the hotel by 16:45 and go the restaurant.|Okay, I've booked you a taxi leaving your hotel at 16:45. Look for a blue toyota, and if you need to contact them their number is 07524587523.
Excellent, that's all the information I need, thank you for your help!|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.|I've found 21 4 star hotels. Is there a certain area you want to stay in?
Yes, in the east, please.|I have found several hotels. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would not mind finding one with free wifi.|Unfortunately, we don't have any hotels with those preference in the area, but we do have 6 guesthouses available. Would a guesthouse be okay?
A guesthouse is fine. Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the Leverton House. It's a cheap guesthouse, but still a 4-star establishment.
That sounds good.  Can you give me the address and postcode for Leverton House?|They are located at 732-734 newmarket road, and postcode is cb58rs
Thank you. I'm also looking for a venetian restaurant on the east side as well.|I'm sorry there are no Venetian restaurants. Are there any cuisines I can look for?
Yes, how about one that serves Indian food?|There are four restaurants that serve indian food in the east. Do you have a price range?
Book one of them for 8 people at 14:15 on tuesday.|Alright, I have you booked at Curry Prince. Your reference number is: 55UNFF8Z. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, can you schedule a taxi to take me from Leverton House to Curry Prince? I need to get there by 14:15.|Okay, your taxi car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07967879848. Is there anything else you need?
That is all.  Thank you|Great! Enjoy your stay!
Hi, do you have a listing for the copper kettle? It's a restaurant.|Yes I do,it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre, would you like to make a booking?
yes please for 3 people on satruday around lunch time|Do you have a specific time in mind?
Actually, I don't need to reserve just yet.  Can you please just give me the postcode and price range?|Sure, the postcode is cb21sj, and the price range is moderate. Is that all you need today?
Yes that would be all. Thank you|Have a lovely day!
Oh, wait!  While I have you, I can go ahead and check on hotels.  I need a hotel with free parking.|Sure, is there an area or a price range you are interested in?
No but I do need to make sure it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.|There are 8 hotels with free parking. How about Ashley Hotel? It's a moderate 2 star hotel in the north with free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. I need it for one person and three nights starting Saturday. Thank you!|Ok, I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel.  Your reference number is T0WK7HHS.  Is there anything else I can do to help you this evening?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. I need to leave the restaurant by 10:45. What taxi do you have available?|Okay, what time do you want to arrive at the restaurant by?
I actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. We will be done eating by 10:45, so please have the taxi for us by then.|Ok, you're taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I get the contact number and type of car, as well?|The contact number is 07703313171 and the car is a white volkswagen.
Okay great. That's all the information I need for now. Thanks.|You're very welcome, have a wonderful day.
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 4-star hotel, please?|There are no moderately priced 4 star hotels but there are 11 guesthouses that fit that criteria.  Are guesthouses an option for you?
It needs to have free parking|The acorn guest house definitely fits your needs.  It's 4 star and free parking.  Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book it for 4 nights starting Saturday.|How many people in your party?
There are 6 people. Can I have a reference number please after you are done with the booking?|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is : 2320XP1D.  What else can I help you with today?
Could you tell me if there is a multiple sports place in the centre of town?|No sorry, there is no mutliple sports attraction in the centre of town.
Will you check for colleges instead?|how about christ's college? looks fun.
That sounds good. Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?|christ's college	 is located at saint andrew's street	and has a free entrance fee.
I guess I just need a phone number for Christ's College.  Then, I'll be all set!|I will look up the phone number. Give me one moment, please.
No problem. After I have the number, that is all I need for tonight.|the phone number is 01223334900. can i help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.|What price range and area of town are you looking for?
Price does not matter. I want something on the west.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on the west and is a 4 star hotel with wifi.  Would you like to book a room?
Maybe.  Does it have free parking?|Yes it does. Shall I book?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Thursday for 1 person.|Reference number is : 42UHJQT1. Anything else?
Great! Yes, I also need to find an expensive restaurant close to the hotel.|Would you prefer british, indian, thai or european cuisine?
Is there one that happens to serve Chinese food?|Sorry, no results for that search. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one that serves food from The Americas?|I am sorry, there are no restaurants that serve food from the americas either.
Are there any expensive restaurant that serves American, anywhere in the city?|There are none. Would you like to change either your cuisine preference, or try a moderate?
Could you double check for Chinese food?|There are no expensive Chinese restaurants in the west, which would be close to your hotel. Would you like to try a different area?
What are the expensive Chinese restaurants that are available?|After checking again, I do have 1 that serves North American food in the centre area. Would that interest you?
Yes please book that for one person on thursday at 12:15.|How many people would you like that booking for?
It will be just me, myself and I!|Your booking is complete your reference number is WYDAYXH4 they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.|I am glad I could help you. Have a great trip.
Hi. I'm looking for a train. Can you help me?|What is your departure site?
I am leaving from bishops stortford.|There are trains from Bishops Stortford every couple of hours. What day will you be traveling, and I'm assuming you're heading to Cambridge?
Sorry, I am coming from Cambridge and going to Bishops. On Tuesday, and I want to get there by 15:45|There are 5 trains that I can book for you. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No I do not.  I just need to arrive at 15:45.|I've found TR2771 leaving cambridge at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07.  The price is 10.10 pounds.  Can I book this train for you?
What is the total travel time for the train?|It's 38 minutes.  Would you like to book it?
Yes can you please and send me the reference.|How many tickets will you be needing?
i will only be needing one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CHXFL1AJ.
I would also like a hotel in the area.|Which area could you like the hotel to be located at?
I would prefer it in the centre and to be 0 stars.|El shaddai is a guesthouse in the cheap range; cityroomz is a hotel in the moderate price range. Which one do you prefer?
I would prefer one that has free parking and internet.|I would recommend the el shaddai.
Do they have internet, and can you provide the postcode & price range?|El Shaddai has both internet and parking. They are in the cheap pricerange. The postcode is cb11eg. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Not at this time, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all, thank you!|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the moderate price range with 4 stars|There are 11 matches. Do you have a preference for hotel types?
No, but it should be in the east.|I have 3 guesthouses matching your request.  Do you care about parking?
Pick one and book me for 5 people lasting three nights starting Friday please.|You have a room booked at the Warkworth House (ref# TP8X26LA). Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the room booking. Can you locate a restaurant for me, too? The name is pizza express Fen Ditton.|I found the restaurant you want. Do you want me to make reservation?
Yes, for 5 people on Friday around 13:45, please|I will go ahead and book that for you now.
Okay....well I'm over here waiting....don't forget the reference number too|I am having a hard time booking this, could I make sure the place you would like is the Pizza Express at Fen Ditton?
Yes it is, but if 13:45 time isn't working then 12:45 would also be acceptable.|I am not able to book anything right now.
Maybe you could try again?|The booking worked this time! The reference number is S31A87TV. Anything else today?
Great, thanks for your help! Have a good one.|No problem. If you need anything else just call us back.
I want to find out more about places to dine in the city centre that serve asian cuisine.|we have 4 options. which is your price range?
I don't really have a price range - I just need a table for 2 at 17:00 on Wednesday. Pick your favorite and let me know!|I booked you a moderately priced restaurant in the city's centre called Yippee Noodle Club.  Your reference number is 0P6H7PDL.  Can I help you further?
No, that's it thank you.|We can also arrange a taxi from your hotel to the restaurant when you are ready, just let us know a hour or so in advance of your reservation on Wednesday.
That's an excellent idea. Could you help me find a hotel in the north?|There are plenty of locations that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by stars, internet, or price range?
The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.|Acorn Guest House is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Do they have free parking?|Yes the Acorn Guesthouse has free parking available.
I am also looking for lodging in the expensive price range. Does the Acorn Guesthouse fit this requirement?|Acron guest does meet your requirements would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, I want it booked for 2 people on wednesday for 2 nights|I have that booked and your reference number is BQBO6HOV.
Thanks. Now I'll just need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant, arriving by 17:00. Please give me car type and contact info|blue volkswagen
Contact number:07882720799 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's will do it for now. Thank you|Thank you have a wonderful time in the city centre.
Hi, can you help me find a train departing from Cambridge?|What is your destination?
I am going to leicester|It looks like trains run along that route every hour. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to know about?
I'd like to leave after 20:15.|There are 28 trains that leave after 20:15, what time would you like to arrive by or does it matter?
No, the arrival time does not matter. I need to book 4 tickets.|Alright, I booked you 4 tickets on TR5159, leaving Cambridge at 20:21 and arriving in Leicester at 22:06 on Friday. Your reference number is VKVT7CTT.
Great!  Also, I'm looking for the Ashley Hotel.  Can you give me their phone number please?|The phone number for the Ashley Hotel is 01223350059.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Great. That is all I needed.|Okay perfect!  Have a great trip and please let us know if you need assistance with anything else!
Thank you for your help, have a great day.|You are certainly welcome.
Hello I'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of Cambridge.|We have 9 restaurants to chose from. There are Italian, Indian, French, Chinese, European and Asian Restaurants.  What sound good to you?
I prefer Chinese. Something is the expensive price range|I would suggest the hakka it is chinese in the north and is expensive.  Would you like to make reservations?
I'd like to get the address and postcode.  Yes, I'd like a reservation please.  This place sounds great.|Hakka is located on Milton Road, Chesterton, cb41jy.  When would you like your reservation?
On Friday. I also need a 4 star hotel in the west.|We have one in the cheap and one in the expensive range. Which would you prefer?
I actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the expensive option.|Hutington Marriot is an expensive 4-star hotel on Kingfisher Way. It's phone number is 01480446000. Should I book that for you?
I'm sorry, I've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap hotel. Could you just give me the information on that one? No booking today.|The Cambridge Belfry is hotel in the west, within the cheap price range. What information on the hotel would you like?
do they offer free parking?|Yes. the cambridge belfry offers free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like me to book it?
No, thanks, but I do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:15, please.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from the hotel and restaurant. It will be a red volkswagen. the contact number:	07761073818
Thank you,thats all I need today.|Thanks for contacting us!
I would like a hotel to stay in while I visit cambridge.|Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
We're visiting the south part of town, so let's stick with that area.|My favorite place in the south is the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I need it to be a 4 star Guesthouse with free parking. Does this fit our needs?|aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star and is in the south of town
I actually only want a guesthouse if there is not a 4 star hotel with free parking available in the south|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
No, I don't need a reservation right now, but I do need their phone number, postcode, and address.|01223240089	cb17sr 5 mowbray road. is there something else i can help you with?
I would like to visit a museum in the west. Are there any museums I can see?|There are quite a few! I recommend kettles yard or the cafe jello gallery. Both have free admission.
Ok. let me think about it. That will be all for today. Goodbye|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We are happy to serve you and hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I'm looking to book a particular hotel today. Could you help me?|I sure can.  We have 33 hotels and guesthouses to choose from.  Is there anything specific you need from the hotel/guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for Finches Bed and Breakfast. Is that on your list?|Yes, the address is 144 thorton road and they can be reached at 01223276653. Anything else?
Do they have free parking and what type of hotel is it?|It is a guesthouse and it does have free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm also looking for attractions in center and free entrance.|We have 25 attractions in the centre with free entry. Do you have a preference for what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Not really, pick the one you think would be best for a tourist.|I would recommend the primavera museum, would you like more info?
Is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Would you like me to look up anything else for you?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to get between the two places.|what time would you like to leave the finches bed and breakfast?
Actually, I want to go from Primavera to the hotel, please.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to leave the attraction by 9:15.|You will be picked up by a red ford. Your contact number is 07926020669. May I help with something else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.
Hello. Can you help me in locating a certain hotel?|Sure, what is the name of the hotel?
I am looking for the Alpha-Milton Guest house and would like to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Friday.  Can you send me the reference please?|Your reservation was successful and your reference number is UO8AN5FO. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That's all, thank you so much!|Thank you for calling, enjoy! Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi.|We have many with those features. Do you have any other preferences to narrow it down, such as price range or location?
Oh, I would like a guesthouse that is moderately priced please.|There are many, can I get the area you are looking for to narrow it down a bit?
I don't care about the area. As long as I can have it booked for 3 people starting on Tuesday for 5 nights.|I have the Arbury Lodge in the North that meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes, please book Arbury Lodge for me.|The booking was successful, reference number is POHIT2CO.
Thank you! That's all for today. Goodbye!|Have an enjoyable stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
I need a place in the north with free wifi, please.|I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't care about the price, but it should be 4 stars.|You have eight options for lodging. Do you need parking?
No that does not matter.  Please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|how about arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights  starting on sunday.|Your booking for 1 at the arbury lodge guesthouse this sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : X1GCL10K. Anything else for today?
Yes, Can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 11:15 on the same day?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is  DPR6YMGB. What else can I help with today?
That will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using our service! Please contact us if you need more information about Cambridge. Have a good day.
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|Prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like to go there?
I need something in the centre part of town. What do you have?|I have two options to choose from.  Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton are both in the centre of town.
I'd like to make a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.|I can do that.  When will you be eating?
We will be eating at 14:30 on Wednesday. I need the reservation to be for 7 people.|I have booked you a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton for 7 people on Wednesday at 14:30. Your reference number is 4DVILHUV. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse.|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay somewhere near the restaurant.|There are two hotels available. Do you have a preference between 0 or 4 stars?
3 stars will be fine thank you|Alexander bed and breakfast	is the 4 star rated place.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has both wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
book for 7 people for 5 days from wednesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 62UNRH8C.
I wouls also need a taxi|I would be happy to book your taxi. I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination please.
I want it to take me from Alexander B&B to Pizza Express Fen Ditton to get me there by 14:30.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a yellow Volkswagen. Please call 07236965666 should you need to reach them.
thanks! that will be all for today.|Thank you, enjoy your stay!
i need a good place to go in the centre|We have amazing various of attractions in the centre area! What type of attraction are you looking for?
Nothing in particular. Any recommendations?|Let me suggest the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. Their admission is free and the phone number is 01223333516.
I also need a moderate priced place to stay.|I have many moderate priced hotels available.  What part of town would you prefer?
Any area is fine are there any with a 3 star rating? I don't need free parking or internet.|alpha-milton guest house is in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please coming in on monday for 5 nights for 3 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I booked it for you. Your reference number is as follows: 5MM5C3UC. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That will be all, thanks!|Happy to help! Have a good trip!
Hi I am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the cheap price range.|We have several locations that suit your needs, would you like a 4 star hotel? Or is there any other accommodations you'd like to narrow down the list?
I would like a 2 star hotel.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast in the town centre?  It is cheap and has free parking.
Is that a 2 star hotel?|The Alexander B&B is a 4 star hotel. There are no cheap hotels with 2 stars that offer free parking. Do you want to broaden your search?
What about moderately priced places with 2 stars?|There are 2 moderately priced 2 star hotels on the North side of town: the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like more information on one?
Could you book 3 nights at the Ashley for 7 people, please? We'll be arriving on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, it isn't available for 3 nights.  Would you like to arrive on a different day or stay for less time?
Does the Lovell have 3 nights available?|I'm so sorry, the Lovell doesn't have the availability you're looking for either. Would you like to try to book for a shorter stay?
Can you try booking a 1 night stay? I need the reference number if that works. I also need a train leaving Cambridge after 17:45, arriving in Norwich on Wednesday.|I have booked your stay at Lovell Lodge.  Your reference number is ATYKA57C. Would you like me to buy tickets train tickets also?
Not at the moment. Can I have the price and train ID though?|I have a Norwich bound train leaving at 18:36, price of 17.60 pounds and traindID of TR7776, would you like me to book it?
Yes. Thank you very much.|And would that be for the seven people that are staying at the hotel?
Yes please, for all seven of us.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train from london liverpool street.|I have many trains that leave from London Liverpool Street. When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday to Cambridge and get there by 16:00 or before.|There are 5 options on Sunday from london liverpool street to cambridge. Would Sunday early morning be better? You could arrive by 07:07. Or would you prefer later in the morning?
I would prefer later in the morning if possible.|The TR9835 train leaves at 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need to book for 6 people.|Alright, you're all booked, your reference number is A6PU52R6. Anything else I can get for you?
I'd like a place to stay in the east of the city.|There are 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the east of Cambridge, ranging from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
Are any of them moderately priced with free wifi included?|Yes. I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to go ahead and book a room?
Yes please, I'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Your reservation has been made at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights, including 6 people, beginning on Sunday. Ref# LHN3BIBK. Is there anything else I can yelp you with?
That is all I needed for today. Thank You!|Thank you and please contact us again if you need anything else.
Hello, I'm looking for an inexpensive hotel to stay in while I'm in Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse type of room please.|I have several throughout the city.  Is there any location you would prefer it in?
No, but I want free parking.|Great. I have 9 available that offer free parking. Is there a star rating you'd prefer?
I'd prefer one with at least a 2 star rating. I'd also like one with internet.|There are no 2 star hotels available.
No star rating. I just need it to be a guesthouse, cheap, free parking and if they have internet.|Okay I'll need some more information to book that for you. How many people, for how long and when please?
I'm not ready to book just yet.  Do any have internet?|How about the alexander bed and breakfast. And has free parking and free wifi.
That sounds fine. I'm also looking for something to do in the west part of town. Got any recommendations?|we have lovely college's in the west, clare hall is one of my favorites!
Ok, let's try Clare Hall. What's the address and postcode?|Clare Hall is located on Herschel Road and has the postcode CB39AL. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|There are three hotel types available. Do you want a specific area or price range?
I am looking for a hotel near the city center moderately priced.|There aren't any that match your criteria in the centre. Any other suggestions?
I would like a hotel in the north please.|Sure, we have 2 hotels in the north, ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Would you like to book one?
Which one has nights available from Thursday to Tuesday?|I'm not sure. I will need to attempt a booking to give you that information. Which would you like to book?
Please book the Ashley hotel for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday|You're all set! Your reference number is JUZ789Y1. How else may I help you?
Thank you!  I also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross.  I need to depart after 16:00.|There are 28 trains meeting that criteria. What day are you wanting to leave?
I need a train for 1 from Cambridge leaving after 16:00 heading to London Kings Cross. Can you find any trains for that time and send me a reference number?|Is there a specific day that you want to travel? What time do you want to arrive by?
Tuesday and I would like to leave after 16:00.|There's a train on Friday leaving at 17:00. Should I book it?
Yes, please. Just the one ticket.|Your booking is successful. The total fee is 23.6 GBP and your booking reference number is DOS0ARZU.
Looks like you are all set.  Goodbye!|Thank you.  Please do not hestitate to call if require further assistance.
I need a hotel in the north that also has free parking.|There are 2 hotels in the north part of town with parking. Would you like to book one of them?
Do either of those have a 2-star rating?|Yes, they both have a 2-star rating.
Can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 5 people starting on Thursday, I have no preference for which one.|Both of those hotels are completely booked up when trying to fit that criteria. Perhaps we can try different specifications?
Well, I'll have to see if I can shorten my stay then. Can you try for just 1 night?|Yes, I've booked you for 1 night at the Ashley Hotel.
Great. Can I have the reference number please?|Of course. The reference number is TPTBTVJ9.
Great, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day!
I am planning my trip and would like to find a guesthouse to stay at.|And where would you like this guesthouse to be?
North part of town and moderate price with wifi|How about acorn guest house?
Do they have free parking?|Yes they do have free parking. Do you need me to book you a room?
No, please get me their address and phone number.|They are on 154 chesterton road, postal is cb41da, phone number is 01223353888, can I help with anything else?
I was wondering whether there are any concerthalls in the east that I could check out.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any concert halls in the east. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
How about a museum?|we have museums in the east quite a few actually how can I help you?
Just pick one.|Okay! How about Cambridge Artworks? Admission is free!
Sure, I can try that.|Ok great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the postcode to that place?|The postcode for Cambridge artworks is cb13ef. Anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, Have a great day!
Can you help me find a german restaurant in the east please?|I did not find any german restaurant in the west. would you like to change location/food type?
Can you find me something cheap?|I've found two in that area that fit that criteria. An Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant. Which of those would you prefer?
I prefer the Italian but will go to the Vietnamese if the booking does not work.|The Italian restaurant is called La Margherita. What day would you like a reservation?
You know what, I've changed my mind. I'd prefer international to Italian. Are there any like that in the east part of town?|Yes, in the east part of town The Missing Sock serves international food and their prices are quite low. Shall I book you a table?
That sounds good. Could I get a reservation on thursday at 15:15 for 1 with a reference number? Also looking for a place to stay in the area with free parking|I am sorry but that time is not available to book.  Would you like to try another time?
I guess a reservation at 15:30 would be alright. Do you have any?|I am sorry, that still does not work, any other time you could do?
Perhaps another restaurant in the east that serves International food and can be booked at that time?|I do apologize, but that is the only international restaurant in the area. Perhaps pick another cuisine type?
You stated earlier there was no German restaurant in the west, but I was looking for one in the east.|My apologies about the miscommunication.  There is no German restaurant in the east area.
Okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a cheap international restaurant on the east side?|There is one restaurant for international on the east side the missing sock, I attempted booking but it was unsuccessful.  Can we try another time for booking?
Can you try again to book The Missing Sock for 1 person at 15:15?|That too was unsuccessful. Maybe you'd like to try for another day?
Is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 15:15 on Thursday for 1 person?|Unfortunately, that time is also unavailable.
I need a restaurant serving International Food in the East  Thursday at 15:15 for one person.  Can you do that for me?|The only restaurant that fits that criteria is the missing sock. Can I try a different reservation time for you?
That restaurant will be fine, lets book it.|Perfect, your booking was successful, the reference number is T5BJ4XD0.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thanks! I need a hotel on the east side, please.|Of course, would a guesthouse be OK?
Yes, as long as it is in the same general area and price range as The Missing Sock restaurant.|carolina bed and breakfast is in the east part of town. How many people should i book for
I'm looking for places to go in town. The attractions should be in the centre.|There are many things to do in a centre. Are you most interested in a museum, a church, a college, or something else?
Book me for a college and  entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode|downing college is a college, it is free. Postcode: cb21dq.
I also am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|What preference would you have in relation to price, area or amenities.
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range that has free parking & wifi.|What about archway house in the north?
That sounds nice, I need to arrive on sunday, I will have 8 total guests and we are staying for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : VQ9MDB4E. is therebany other way i can be of help?
Thank you! Will you please book me a taxi between the two places, leaving at 01:45?|I have booked your taxi. You will be awaiting a yellow toyota. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the number is 07039085605.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes, that is all. Goodbye.|Your welcome, it was my pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?|I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.|I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge and heading to Stansted Airport. Can you please help?|Which day & what time are you heading to the airport?
I want a train for tuesday that departs after 09:30|There are 15 trains available. Should I book a train for you?
Yes, please choose the earliest one after 09:30 and book it for 7 people. And don't forget to send the reference number!|Booking was successful for a train departing at 09:40. The reference number is NJ1GZ4Y0. Will there be anything else today?
That is all I needed, good day to you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you help me with finding a hotel today, please?|There are 33 hotels in the city. Can we start by you telling me what area of town you are looking to stay?
The south, please.|That narrows it down a bit to 4 options - 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Are you looking for something in a particular price range or star rating?
I prefer a guesthouse with free wifi.|My search found one 4 star moderate hotel, one 3 star moderate hotel and one 4 star cheap hotel and all with free wifi.  Which one will you prefer?
Let's try the cheap one. Could you give me the address and postcode?|Yes the postcode is cb22ha and the address is 53 roseford road.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks.  Could you find a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|There is no multiple sports attraction in the centre but there is one in the east. Are you interested?
Well, maybe try a swimming pool. That might be better.|Parkside pools is available, address gonville place, postal cb11ly, prices vary by season and day, but you can call 01223446100 for more info.  Any further questions?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a guesthouse. But I won't have a car with me, so I don't need any rigamarole with "free" parking.|Sure! There is a three-star guesthouse without free parking at 63 Milton Road. Would you like me to book the hotel for you?
what area of town? what's the price?|Alpha-milton guest house has a moderate price range in the north, as is Avalon guesthouse. a and b is in the east, also moderate.
Are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the north?|name	type	area	pricerange	stars	internet	parking	phone	postcode	address	book
(optional)
alpha-milton guest house	guesthouse	north	moderate	3	no	no	01223311625	cb41xa	63 milton road	
avalon	guesthouse	north	moderate	4	yes	no	01223353071	cb43pd	62 gilbert road	 are the available options
surprise me! i need a booking for 6 people 2 nights starting on friday.|You are booked into the Avalon which is moderately priced. There were no guesthouses in the expensive range.  Your reference number is WSPNWZI0.
Great, thank you for help. That is all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!
thanks a lot hope to really enjoy my stay|So do I! have a great day!
Hi, I am planning a trip to your beautiful town and am looking for places to go when I get there.  Can you help me?|Certainly.  Do you have any particular types of things you'd like to see?
I'm interested in exploring the local architecture.|There are many colleges and churches to see.
Do you have a favorite?|My favorite is clare hall.
I need a place that is architecture.|How about old schools?  It is architecture and a school!
Could I have the postcode, area and entrance fee of what you recommend?|Okay, Old Schools is on Trinity Lane and is in the centre. Post code is cb21tt and it is free admission.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the north. Do you have anything like that?|there are no expensive hotel in the north. can you change the location?
I would like to stay in the north but can you try in the moderate price range and see if any are available?|We have 2 matches. ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both have the identical amenities. Do you prefer one over the other?
Let's go with Ashley Hotel.  For 8 people and 2 nights starting from Saturday.  I need the reference number.|You are booked, the reference number is QBIAGDVH, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need to book a taxi from Old Schools to leave by 21:30|Where would you like to be picked up?
Pick me up from the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Skoda and the contact number is 07641158259.
Thank you for all your help! That will be all!|Thank you for choosing Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a good day!
Can you help me find a hotel in the north that includes free parking?|There are two matching results for your needs. The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
Are either in the moderate price range?|Yes they are.
Can you give me the postcode and star rating for Lovell Lodge and tell me if they have wifi?|lovell lodge is in postcode area cb41sr, and is a 2 star location with free wifi.
Thank you so much! I appreciate your help today.|Is there anything else  I can help you with?
Thats all thank you !|You're very welcome. If you need information or reservations, we'd be happy to assist.
Thanks again for your help. Have a great day.|Thank you, goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a hotel to stay in in east cambridge.|Certainly, there are 6 guesthouses, and one hotel. Do you have any preferences I should include?
The hotel in question ideally would be in the expensive price range. It doesn't need to have free parking, though.|Your best bet would be the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is an expensive 2-star hotel in the east area of town with free wifi and free parking.
If there are not any hotels that do not include free parking then that place will do.|Great. How many guests should I make a reservation for and what nights would you like to stay?
There will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book with those constraints, would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Would it be possible to book this for one night?|I was able to book one night starting Sunday for 3 guests. Your reference number is 1OOWMJEN. Would you like anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to Birmingham New Street.|I just need some more information. Where are you departing from? What day and what time do you need to leave and arrive by?
I would like to depart from cambridge on monday.|I have 19 available trains. TR6628 leaves at 08:01 and arrives at 10:44. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for the same 3 people. And can I have the reference number?|I've completed your booking! The reference number for your train is X4WPOS52. The total cost is 225.3 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|We are happy to be of help. Thank you for using our service.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be either a hotel or guesthouse with 1 star and moderate price range. Can you help me with that?|There are actually no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about 2 stars? It does need to include free parking.|ashley hotel is a nice 2 star hotel.
How about a hotel with 4 stars instead?|At 4 stars you have many options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in a good part of town.  Can you please give me the phone number?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223525725.
what's their address?|the address is 56 saint barnabas road
What hotel type is that?|It is a guesthouse. Want me to book it?
No thank you. I do need help finding places to go in town. I'm looking for entertainment in the centre of  town.|I dont see any entertainment in the center of town. Could I try a different area for you?
How about a college instead?|There are several available. Do you have a preference on if there is a fee or free?
Free would be preferable. I also need a taxi.|Okay, christ's college is free admission.
I would also like to book a taxi to and from the hotel that leaves by 13:30.|Okay! Just to clarify, from where will you be departing?
I am so sorry.  I don't know where my head has been. I need to leave the hotel by 13:30, going to Christ's College.|Great! I have booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow audi, and the contact number is 07663388074. Can I help with anything else?
you have been of great help thank you|I am glad. thanks you too.
Yes, I am looking for an early evening train leaving from Cambridge. Is there one available?|What day will you be travelling?
Tuesday going to bishops stortford please.|I have 10 trains for you on Tuesday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would need to arrive by 16:30.|I have train TR8017 arriving at 16:07, is that good for you?
How much will it cost and how long will the trip take?|It is a 38 minutes drive and the cost is 10.10 pounds per person.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It doesn't need to have free parking or internet.|Let's narrow down our search. What price range would you like to be in?
What are my options for guesthouses? I'm not sure about the area, price, or stars.|Most of the guesthouses are cheap or moderate. Which of those price ranges works best for you?
You choose. Let me know the area, price range, and star rating of the hotel.|I recommend the A & B Guest House in the east. It's moderately priced and 4 stars.
That's great then, I'll talk to you sometime again.|Would you like me to book for you before you leave?
No thats it for today thanks !|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Help me find a place to eat expensive russian food.|There are no Russian restaurants in this area. Is there another type of food I can help you find?
Are there any Russian restaurants in the west at all, forget it being expensive.|There are none available. Would you like to try searching with different criteria?
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve Indian food in that area?|Yes, there are 5 different expensive Indian restaurants in that area. Might I suggest Maharajah Tandoor restaurant?
That can work. Can you get the address and postcode please?|The address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre and the postcode is cb30ah.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same price range, but it must include free parking.|I found 5 hotels, would you like Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, it has the highest ratings.
The hotel must have free wifi too, sorry.|The Huntingdon Marriott has free wifi as well.
I need a booking starting on Monday for 3 nights for 8 people please.|You room reservation is all set. Reference number is : HJQ7ZA48. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you that's all!|You're welcome! Let me know if you need anything else.
Hi there! I need a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.|There are several.  Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north of possible.|There are eight. What price range would you like? Moderate or cheap?
I would like a moderately priced hotel.  I'd like to book it starting Wednesday for 5 nights for 2 people if possible. Can you help?|There are 7 moderately priced lodging accommodations to choose from, but they are all guesthouses rather than hotels. Would one of them do? The Archway House is very nice.
The Archway House would be fine. Can you book me a room for Wednesday for 2 people, 5 nights please?|I was successful in booking the Archway House. Your reference number is QEWQ8SSL. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to eat.  I'd like a moderately priced restaurant that serves Halal food. Can you check that out?|I'm sorry, we don't have any Halal restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
Are there any good restaurants near the hotel?|there are nine restaurants in the north.
Okay, I'm looking for something then that serves Indian food.|There are two options, The Nirala which is in the moderate price range and Royal Spice which is in the cheap price range.
The Nirala would be fine. I would like to book a table for the same day|How many people will be eating and for what time?
2 people at 11:30, please.|Your reservation for 2 at the nirala this wednesday at 11:30 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 56DW8LTL.
thanks I need a cab to and from. I need to get at the restaurant on time|Booking completed! Your car is a red ford and the contact number is 07386738541.
Thanks for the help, goodbye.|You're welcome. If you need anything else, please contact us.
I need a place to stay in cambridge. A hotel in moderate price range would do it.|There are 18 moderately priced places to stay. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the center of town. Oh and I'll need free wifi! Thanks.|Okay I have one option for you called Cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 2 people. I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|You're all set! Reference number is LX1F2BXI.
Thank you. I also need to find a restaurant near the hotel in the moderate price range.|Ok i will find you one and notify you as soon as possible
I'm looking for an expensive place to get some British food.|I have 6 expensive British restaurants for you.  Do you have a specific area that's more convenient?
Any area is fine.|Great.  How about fitzbillies restaurant in the centre?
postcode, phone number, and address please and thank you|The post code is cb21rg, the phone number is 01223352500 and this is the address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
Thank you, can I get info on hotels that are 4 stars and have wifi?|Certainly. There are two hotels on the west side and the university arms hotel in the centre of town.
Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel.|That is available will you be needing a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Saturday. Please, I will need the reference number.|Got it. Here is your reference number : QGL24UOF.
Perfect, thank you. Finally, I need a taxi to go between Fitzbillies and the University Arms Hotel.|Will you be going to the hotel from the restaurant or vice versa? And I need to know when you want to leave or arrive by.
I will be going to the restaurant from the hotel.|Ok great, and what is your time preference?
Actually, I want to go from the restaurant to the hotel instead. I want to leave the restaurant by 17:15.|Ok, I have you booked in a yellow volkswagen and you can reach them at 07182852821. What else can I do for you today?
Great, thanks! That is everything I needed.|You're very welcome. Let us know if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I am looking for a hotel near the mall. The hotel should has free indoor parking, even it doesn't include internet.|Ok. There are several hotels with parking available. What specific area of town are you wanting?
I want to be in the area with the mall. Which hotel is the closest to the mall?|That would be in the centre of town. I have two options for you. Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more info on one of those?
Do either of those hotels have free wifi?|Both the Gonville and the University Arms have free wifi and free parking. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those?
I will try booking at the Gonville for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Sunday.|Sure, you're all set. Your reference number is H8OMGIP5. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that covers it, thank you very much.|You are welcome. Have a good day.
Can you help me find a hotel today?|I sure can help you! Is there a particular area you are wanting to search in?
I was hoping for a hotel in the east that is cheap.|There are no matches that fit the criteria, can I look for something else?
A 4 star hotel with wifi and free parking ?|i suggest you seeuniversity arms hotel	. it is expensive located in regent street,cb21ad. you want their phone number?
That is all I need for the hotel. But I am looking for a place to dine.|There are over 100 restaurants in the city, could you tell me which area or cuisine you are wanting so I can narrow the choices down?
I'm actually interested the saffron brasserie and I'd like to book it for one on Saturday @ 15:00 . May I have the reference number?|Unfortunately I am unable to book that for you. Is there a different option.
Yes, can you try for 14:00 instead?|It was booked, your reference number is 0482J6XU is there anything else?
No, that is okay. Thank you.|Have a great day!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Good bye
What is the address to the hospital in North?|I'm sorry there seems to be an error in our system.  Please send your request again.
What is the address to the hospital there was no error you just didn't want to look it up.|Hmmmm, our system does seem to be having an error right now.  Perhaps we could find some other information for you and then come back to the hospital.
I am looking for bridge guest house, information on their phone number as well as if they have free parking. I am also looking for places to go.|The Bridge Guest House has free parking. The number is 01223247942. May I try looking up the hospital again for you?
No that's okay, I do need an entertainment attraction in the east, though.|camboats is awesome!
Ok! I need the entrance fee please.|They do not list their entrance fee but you can call them at 01223902112 to get it. If you want something free may I suggest Cambridge Artworks?
Is it on the east?|Yes, it is on the East. Would you like more information?
Can you just tell me what the entrance fee is please?|The entrance fee is free.  Was there anything else I could help you with?
I think that will do it.  Thank you for your help today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to find a nightclub to visit while in town.|Our night life is so much fun! How about ballare in the centre? Their phone number is 01223364222.
I was looking for something in the east actually.|Unfortunately there are no nightclubs in East city, they are mostly in Centre city with one in the south as well. Would you like info for one of those?
I'd really like to stay on the east side. What about a museum?|The Cambridge Artworks museum is on the east side.  It's lovely and, better yet, it's free!
Okay.  What is the address and postcode for that museum?|They are located at 5 Greens Road and the postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need some info on the a and b guest house.|The A and B guest house is moderately priced with 4 stars and free internet but no parking, unfortunately. What else can I do for you?
I'd like to book for 6 people starting Thursday for 3 nights.|I have you booked at the A and B. Your reference number is Q4AP5YL1. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome, enjoy the museum.
I'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves molecular gastronomy.|I show no restaurants matching those criteria. Would you like to change your price range or the cuisine?
What about a cheap vietnamese place?|Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Can I have the phone number for that location as well as the address?|Absolutely. The phone number is 01223362456 and the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guesthouse that has free wifi included.|I have found 23 hotels fitting that criteria. What area of town would you like, or what pricerange?
I don't want to stay in a hotel, I'd prefer a guesthouse please that has free wifi and free parking.|There are several guesthouses with the criteria that you provided.  Do you have a preference from the list of hotels?
Yes can you please list the hotels names please.|Due to the size of the list could you provide your price range or the area you would prefer to help narrow it down?
I don't really have a price range. What do you suggest?|The allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It is in the cheap price range, but has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for four nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry there is not availability at the allenbell for 4 nights, are you able to stay for a shorter period of time?
I suppose I can start out with three nights, if that is available.|I was able to book your room at the Allenbell for 3 nights. Your reference number is  K86FT247. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
If it isn't too much trouble, I'd like to book a taxi between the two places, leaving the restaurant by 02:15. I need the contact number and car type, too.|I have booked you a yellow tesla. The contact number is 07504166156.
Thank you that's all I needed!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Please see if you can find me an Indian restaurant on the East end|There are 4 Indian restaurants in the east side. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Cheap price and address and phone number|There are none in that price range. Would you like to try a different price range?
Sure, I think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's indian and in the east. I'll need their address and phone number.|Curry prince is a restaurant serving indian food. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223566388.
I need a place to stay also. free wifi please, but no parking is needed|I have 3 places to choose from. 2 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
Yes, I'd prefer a guesthouse that's cheap if any are available.|I am sorry we don't have any cheap ones in the area
How about a hotel that is really cheap? I need a room for 7 for 3 nights on friday|Okay. We have you booked at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is QM0PRNJW.
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye|You're welcome.  You do the same.
Can you tell me about an attraction found in the centre?|There are 44 attractions. What type would you like?
just any. give me one option with its phone number,postcode and address.|Little Saint Mary's Church. You'll have to go to Little Saint Mary's Lane. The postcode is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you. Can you tell me some information for a place called the Autumn House. I am not sure if its a hotel or guest house.|there is no hotel in our records that goes by that name
Are you sure autumn house is no longer there?|Sorry, I found it! It's a guesthouse. Would you like for me to book you a room there?
How many stars is it?|I apologize, I was able to find your requested Autumn House. It's a 4 star,  guesthouse. Would you like to book it? Which days, people, etc?
No, thanks. I was just looking for the star rating, which you've already given me.|No problem, Can I help with anything else?
I just needs the taxi to the hotel, I need to leave the attraction by 05:45.  (I'm doing a volunteer overnight security shift there for the experience)|Sounds like a great experience. A black volvo will pick you up at the church and drop you at the hotel. You can reach the driver at 07118076381
Great, that is all I needed. Thank you|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day.
Hello, I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to leave on Saturday.|I see there are 10 trains leaving Ely on Saturday. Where would you like to go?
I do no want to leave Ely. I want to go TO Ely. I am leaving from Cambidge.|My apologies, there are 10 trains commuting from Cambridge to Ely on Saturday. What time would you prefer to depart by?
I don't have a departure time in mind but the train should arrive by 11:00.|TR0718 arrives in Ely at 10:07.  Would that work for you?
That works perfectly. I am also looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help me with this?|Sure, I can help with that. Do you have an area, or amenites I should look for?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel in the north area.|Hamiliton Lodge is a 3 star hotel with internet and parking in the north area. Would that work for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating and also includes free parking and internet. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, for person and for 2 nights starting on thursday.|I was able to book the room for you on Thursday for 2 nights. The reference number is 73MSEUIQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you.|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a hotel called Warkworth House.|I have found the Warkworth House located in the East. It is 4 stars and is in the moderate price range. May I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 nights starting Wednesday. There will be 4 people.|I am sorry but  Warkworth House is fully booked. May I look for another hotel for you in the east area?
Can you find me another hotel in the same price range as the Warkworth House?|I show two hotels in the moderate price range.  Would you like more details on them?
Yes thank you and the reference number|They are both guesthouses in the east, four star. Would you prefer the one with our without parking?
Either is fine.  I just need the reservation for Wednesday.|Great! You're booked at A and B Guest House with reference number ZE1OBRFT. May I help with anything else?
Thank you that is all I need.|Enjoy your stay
I've heard about a hotel called Kirkwood House, but the only thing I know about it is the name. Can you tell me more?|Certainly. Kirkwood House is a guesthouse on the north side of town. They're a moderately priced establishment with 4 stars, offering both free wifi and free parking.
Thank you. I would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from Monday at the Kirkwood House Hotel.|I am unable to book that for you, we can try another day or a shorter stay if you like
How about for just one night instead?|Your booking was successful. The reference number is KXEQUQA0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a nightclub in the centre of town.|Would you be interested in Soul Tree Nightclub located at 1-6 corn exchange street?
Sure, can I get the postcode, entrance fee and phone number please?|They are located in cb23qf and can be reached at 01223477900. The cover charge is 4 pounds.
I also need a taxi to get between the two places. I want to leave by 16:15.|I would be happy to help with that! Will you be traveling from the hotel to the nightclub, or vice versa?
Yes. Can I get a contact number and car type?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Volkswagen. Should you need to reach them, please call 07543420592. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're welcome.  Have a great day.
I'd like some information about the El Shaddai.|It's a 0 star cheap guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet.
Ok, great. Can I get their phone number please so that I can contact them?|Sure! El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please and thank you. I'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? I'll be traveling from London King's Cross to Cambridge.|Sure what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to leave after 11:45.|i have train id number TR5729 leaving saturday at 13:17. would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I check on the arrival time of that train first?|It arrives by 14:08.
Thanks for the information. That's all I need.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi.  I need to find a hotel, can you help me?|Yes, where would you like to stay and in what price range?
I would like to stay in the northern area. I don't have a specific price range, but the hotel doesn't need to have the internet.|I have several hotels and guesthouses available. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a hotel.|There are two hotels to choose from. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both are moderately priced and have wifi and parking.
How much is each hotel?|They are each moderately priced.  I don't have any more specific information.
Pick one for me. Book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is CPBUEMWR. It is located at 365 Milton Road in the north. Their phone number is 01223350059.
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to london kings cross.|Which day would you like to leave on?
I'd like to leave on Monday after 8:30.|Sure, the first train to london kings cross leaves at 9:00. Shall I book it for you, if so for how many people?
just one person please.|Booking was successful on TR7409, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GSY1O89D. Can I be of any further assistance?
That's all I need today, thanks!|No problem.  Enjoy your travels!
Can you help me find a train for Wednesday, heading into Cambridge?|I have five trains that meet your criteria.
I'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 16:15. Does this help?|The TR2232 train is available. It departs wednesday at 17:39 from london liverpool to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please book me a ticket.|Just to clarify, would that be just one ticket or multiple tickets?
Oh wait, before booking I would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.|It will arrive by 19:07.  Do you need tickets?
I need to know the travel time before booking.|the travel time is 88 minutes.
Ok great. I don't need tickets. Could you find me a place to stay with free parking?|The allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side with internet - would you like me to book it for you?
I need the place to be on the north side actually. Moderately priced and with free wifi|I see 9 options for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a hotel if available for 7 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday. If that doesn't work then Friday, and I will also need a reference number.|I would recommend Ashley hotel. Would like me to make those reservations?
Yes, that sounds fine. I need it for 4 nights the same day. There will be 7 of us.|Your all set! Reference number is BUWAT3JY, anything else I can help you with today?
nope thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Thank you! Good Bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
Have you ever heard of the hotel Avalon?|It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information?
Yes can you check for availability for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday?|Unfortunately it is unavailable for those days and time frame. Would you like to book another day or try a shorter stay?
How about just one night instead? I really want to try this hotel.|You got it.  Your reference number for 1 night is EC7FMNHC.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a train that goes from Cambridge to Broxbourne, are there any available?|Wen do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave Wednesday after 09:45, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PFUSQZIX.
What is the arrival time and train ID?|The train ID is TR6851.   The arrival time will be 11:01.
Than you for your help! That is all I need.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Can you help me find a hotel to stay in that includes free wifi and has a 4 star rating? Thanks!|Acorn guest house is available would you like to stay there?
Is it moderately priced? Also, I think I need it in the east part of town.|The a and b guest house is moderately priced and in the east part of town.  Would you like their phone number?
Please, thank you.|Their number is 01223315702, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for information on any places of entertainment in town.|I have 5 different entertainment attractions in town. I have 2 in the east, 2 in the south and 1 in the west. Did you have a preference?
same part of town as the hotel.|Sure I have two entertainment places the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and the Funky Fun House. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the postcode|Cherry hinton hall and grounds has the postcode cb18dw. Funky fun house's postcode is cb58hy. Do you need anything else?
I now need a taxi|Ok, can you confirm where you want to be picked up and when?
09:45 at Funky fun house's. Please give the car type and contact number?|I would love to help where are going to?
back to the hotel|I have a Grey Audi scheduled to pick you up from funky fun house at 9:45 and take you back to the hotel. your confirmation # is 07146100465. Anything else?
Nope that'll be all thank you.|Glad I could help. Have a great day!
I am planning to visit Cambridge and I will need a place to stay.|I have many listing fitting that description, can you narrow down the specifications a bit?
The hotel I am looking for is called allenbell.|Allenbell is found in East region and in the price range of cheap and has a rating of 4 stars.
That works great. Can you book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|It has been booked reference number PIEH7MFG
Thank you. I appreciate that. Can you also help me find a train into Norwich?|Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on tuesday.|There are 19 trains available on Tuesday. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, actually. I'd prefer to leave sometime after 12:45, please.|For how many people?
For 3 people, please. And can I get a reference number please?|TR1659 departs at 14:36 on Tuesday. I have three seats booked for you. Your reference number is  BCP0Y15D and you will pay at the station.
How much will it cost me?|The cost is 17.60 pounds.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|We're happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Yes im looking to book a taxi from Cambride TownInfo Centre to a fancy restraunt rated 5 Stars!|Could you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I'm sorry, I am actually looking for the postcode of King's College. Could you provide that for me?|Absolutely - King's College is located on King's Parade, postcode cb21st. Will you be needing anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.|Certainly, would you like a specific area of town? Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on location but I would like a hotel. I would also like moderate pricing.|Unfortunately we don't have any moderate priced hotel type hotels. Would you prefer a different type or price range.
How about an expensive one?|there are 2 expensive hotels available
Book one of them for two people, five nights, starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry,  but neither are available on those days. Would you like to try a different starting day or number of nights?
We could shorten the stay to just four nights, I guess.|Okay, you are booked at the Huntington for 4 nights.  Your reference number is WZRJ2C6L.
Ok, can you get me a taxi?|Absolutely. Where would you want to depart from and go to?
I would like it to take me between my hotel and the college.|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 14:15.|I have confirmed your taxi, a white bmw will pick you up.
Could you provide the contact number please?|Yes your contact number is 07585258044. Will there be anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I want to find a place to stay in the north that doesn't need to have free internet.|I have the Alpha-Milton guest house in the north that does not include free wifi.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
I should have told you I am specifically looking for a hotel and not a guest house.|I have no hotels in the north that don't include Wifi but I have found 2 that do.
Can you find a guesthouse for me?|Yes there are many. When should I book it for and how many?
Book for 3 nights for 3 people starting sunday please.|I am a bit confused. Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel? If you want a hotel, I can book the Ashley hotel for you.
Yes, if I can get into a hotel in the north that would be best.|Okay I've booked you into the Ashley and your reference number is  420X4N75.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Okay well enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a cheap Chinese place in the North?|I'm sorry, can you restate your request, please?
Certainly. I'd like to know what sorts of attractions are available on the north side of town.|I am showing 2 swimmingpools, a park and a boat. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes, please. Could you give me the name of the park and its postcode?|The park is milton country park and the postcode is cb46az.
Okay and how about a guesthous in the moderate price range.  I'd like free parking and free wifi.|I would suggest acorn guest house
That sounds good. I'll need reservations for 7 people for 5 nights, starting from Sunday, please.|Booking was successful! Reference number: J4HIKZSI. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
you were able to get me 5 nights? Can you double check that please?|Yes, the booking was successful, Sunday for 5 nights with 7 people. Anything else we can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help. You have been great!|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called castle galleries.|Castle Galleries is a museum in the city centre without an entrance fee. Do you need more information?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse to stay in, as well?|a and b guest house has rooms available and is near the museum, would you like me to book rooms for you?
Um, actually I think I'd like to be in the east. I also need parking.|There are two options. I'd recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to boom a room?
Yes, please, for 6 people starting saturday, for 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : C3H6D8YS.
Thank you goodbye|My pleasure. Have a wonderful day, goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called Avalon, can you help?|Certainly! The Avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the northend. It offers free wifi. Would you like the phone number or address?
I would actually like to book rooms for 8 people. Can I do that?|Absolutely! What day do you want to book it for, and for how many days?
This Tuesday, for 5 days.|I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find another place to stay?
I guess, can you find me another hotel similar to the Avalon?|There are lots of other guesthouses that are similar, what price would you like to pay?
I would like to stay in the same price range as the Avalon|Would you like me to book acorn guest house?
Hi, I'm looking to book a room in the ashley hotel.|Sure, on what day do you need the room and for how many?
First could you tell me what type of hotel this is and if they provide internet?|This is a hotel with a star of 2 that does indeed provide internet. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to peterborough from cambridge.|Certainly, what day would you like to travel and is there an arrival or departure time I can search for you?
Yes. The train should leave after 11:45 and leave on tuesday.|TrainID TR0613 leaves Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:06 on Tuesday. Does that work for you?
Yes, that works perfectly. Book a ticket for one person, and please send me the reference number. Thank you.|Your ticket has been booked. The reference number will be provided shortly.
Thank you so much.|The reference number is SXPJJGGN.
Great thank you for your help|Did you want me to book the Ashley Hotel for you?  If so, can I get the number of people and number of nights please?
No thank you.|Wonderful! You have a great evening.
Do you have a cheap restaurant that serves indian food. In the mood for curry.|I'd be happy to check on that for you. In fact, I have 4 different restaurants. Three are in the centre of town and I have one in the north.
I would like one in the centre of town that is in the cheap price range.|Try kohinoor they are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, can you book me a table for Wednesday?|How many in your party?
Just me. I'd like to eat at 16:45.|I'm sorry, that isn't available?  Could you perhaps try a different time or day?
Okay, let's try 15:45 instead?|I have a table for you at 15:45. Your reference number is BVDPM13V.
Could you also help me find a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant and in the same price range.  I would like free WIFI.|I found two that fit your criteria, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please, just me starting on the day of my restaurant visit.|I booked you at the alexander bed and breakfast
I needed that for 4 nights, did you get that for me? Also I'd like a reference number.|Alright, I got that booked for you. Four nights at Alexander Bed and Breakfast starting Wednesday. Your reference number is BOL6JBIT.
Thank you for all of your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not at this time, thank you!|It was a pleasure helping you today. Remember to contact us anytime if you need more assistance.
Place to stay the night, with free parking and it doesn't need free wifi.|There are many places to stay that offer free parking. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a gueshouse.|The acorn guest house would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you
Can I please have their address and phone number?|Yes, they are at 154 chesterton road and can be reached by phone at 01223353888.  Would you like me to book you?
Great can you tell me the star rating of the hotel as well?|Acorn Guesthouse has a star rating of 4. Would you prefer other options or would you like for me to book you?
No, but can you help me find a restaurant? I think it's called Meghna.|Yes, that is a moderate priced indian restaruant in the west.
That's it!  Can you give me the phone number and area, please?|Meghina's phone number is 01223727410. They are located in the west.
Ahhh.. great, thanks!  That's all I needed!|I'm glad I was able to help you today!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Enjoy your trip!  Goodbye!
I am visiting and would like to see something interesting in the south.|There are several attractions in the south.  What type of attraction are most interested in?
I'm not particular.  Is there something you could recommend?|i recommend the place night club in 22 Sidney street. you want the address
Sure, and the phone number, please?|The phone number is 0122324600. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the same area.  A Guesthouse that has 3 stars and free internet|bridge guest house	meets that criteria, would you like to book a room?
No thank you. That's all the information I need.|Alright. Well thank you for calling.
Yes you are welcome thanks for the help|Thanks for using our system.
I would like to know what tourist attractions are in the south end of town? Preferably something family friendly and moderately priced.|Are you perhaps looking for a hotel? I've got two moderately priced guesthouses on the south end.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with some moderate pricing and they must include free parking, can you help me with that?|I am sorry but I am not finding anything in the moderate price range for the centre of town. However, I did find two in the south.
No let's try the east side of town.|Yes I have two options for you, both with free parking. both are guesthouses and one is a bed and breakfast.
Let's try the guesthouse. Could you please book it for 2 people for 3 nights from Thursday? I will need the reference number as well.|I successfully booked your room at the Warkworth House.  The reference number is UH7ZYX20.
I will also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking heading to Kings Lynn.|I have several trains heading to Kings Lynn on Thursday. Where and what time would you like your departure to be?
I need to depart from Kings Lynn aft 19:00 on Thursday.|I've found a train leaving Kings Lynn on Thursday at 19:11, would you like me to book that for you?
Hmm, how long is the travel time on that one? And when does it arrive? Can you get me the price, too?|Travel time is 47 minutes. Arrival time would be 20:58. Ticket cost would be 9.80
I am looking a restaurant in the Centre Cambridge area that serve gastropub food.|I have 3 in the centre of town,what price range please?
Moderate price range.|The Nil moderately priced restaurant is in the centre and serves gastropub food. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great.  Can you make if for a party of 6 on Tuesday at 15:30?|Yes, I can make the reservation would you like their address?
I can find it, but please give me the reference number for the reservation. Nil is such a creative name for a restaurant!|Yes, it most certainly is. The booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. The booking number is CXFENRLZ. Anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a place to stay, moderately price, centre area, doesn't matter whether or not it has wifi.|I have one result for you. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel. Do you want to book this?
Oh yessiree, tuesday 6 people and 5 nights please|I am unable to make a booking for that right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does actually.
Can you book for 2 nights>|Your room is reserved under ref# XP513560. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant and hotel.|When would you like to arrive by.
I want to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.|I have booked you a car. It's a blue Skoda, and the contact number is 07324436761.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Great, I'm glad I could help! Bye!
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called soul tree nightclub.|The Soul Tree Nightclub is located in the area of centre.  It has an entrance fee of 4 pounds.  The phone number is 01223477900.  Anything else?
I hear its a pretty cool place. Can I get their postcode please?|The postcode is cb23qf. Do you need anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay on the south side.  4 stars if possible.|We have two guesthouses that are 4 stars in the south end, The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is moderately priced, and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the cheap range.
Can you book me a stay at The Aylesbray Lodge?|Sure! How many are staying, how many days, and what day do you want the stay to start?
No I just need the postcode, phone # and if they have internet|Postal is cb17sr, they do include internet and they can be reached at 01223240089, can I help with anything else?
That was everything, thanks a lot!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
You have a great day as well!|Thanks for using our services.
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.|There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.|There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What sort of information are you looking for?
Can I have some information about the Ashley hotel? Does it have internet?|Yes, Ashley Hotel has internet and free parking. It is located in the north and is on 74 Chesterton Road. Would you like me to book a room?
What is the price range of the Ashley? Also, it's a hotel, right? not a guest house?|it is moderately priced. can i book for you?
Not at this time but I would like a train departing from Stevenage going to Cambridge on a Monday leaving after 15:00.|TR9525 leaves at 15:54 will that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 5 people. Kindly give me the reference number when you have completed it.|your all set ref # is 4HJ91CVH. Anything else today?
That is all, thank you!|Ok. Thank you and goodbye.
I'd like to check out an attraction on the east side.|There are 10 attractions in the east. Does a boat interest you?
Yeah, a boat sounds good.  Can you get me the phone number and postcode for one?|I would recommend Camboats. They are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223902112. Their postcode is cb58sx.
Great. By any chance is that near a place called Hamilton Lodge? Someone recommended it to me but I don't know much about it.|Hamilton lodge is at 156 chesterton road
Could you give me their phone number and postcode? And is that a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse. The number is 01223365664 and the postcode is cb41da. Can I help with anything else
No, you've been a great help!  Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi and free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast can acommodate your request.
Is it also a guesthouse type of hotel?|Yes, that's correct. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on Wednesday for 2 people total.|I wasn't able to complete your booking for that time frame. Would you be able to stay a different amount of nights?
How about four nights instead of five?|I was able to successfully book you for four nights at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and your reference number is HY6O0MQH.
Thank you! Do you have the reviews and address for the J Restaurant near there?|Here is the address for the J restaurant, 86 Regent Street City Centre. I currently do not have reviews of the restaurant avialable.
I would like a reservation for 2 at 12:45 please.|No problem. And what day will that be for?
That will be on Friday for 2 please.|I am sorry, but they do not have an available spot at that time, would you like me to book a reservation for any day or time?
No thank you, I'll try for something else.|Is there a different date or time you'd like me to check for you?
No that is the only date and time I have available. Are you sure you don't have anything for Wednesday at 12:45?|Yes i was able to make your reservation for 2 for Wednesday at 12:45. Your reference number is X3QCMWY3.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a train departing from Stantsted Airport going to Cambridge.|I found 133 train trips, do you have a date and time you would like to travel?
I want to leave on wednesday and arrive by 10:15.|There are 5 trains arriving by 10:15, would you like to book one leaving at 8:24 and arriving at 8:52?
Yes, that will be good!  I need eight tickets, please.|You now have 8 tickets on the TR7667. Your reference number is A1S8REZC and your total will be 80.8 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you also give me some information on the Leverton House hotel?|I certainly can. What would you like to know about the Leverton House?
What is the address of the hotel?|The address is 732-734 newmarket road. Do you need any more information?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any more assistance?
Hi, I need a really expensive restaurant.|Well there are quite a few. I see african, asian, and british cuisine. What area will you be in so that I can narrow down the search
Actually, I was confused. I'm really looking for some lodging accommodations. I'd like a 4 star location with free wifi. Something that's expensive, please. Doesn't matter if it has free parking.|Wonderful how about the huntingdon marriott. Rave 4 star accommodations and free wifi & parking
That sounds wonderful, could you please make a reservation.|For how many and for how long?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I do need the address, postcode, and area for the Huntingdon Marriott, please.|It is located in the west on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park. Post code pe296fl.
Great! Can you also help me find a modern european restaurant in the south?|Restaurant Alimentum looks wonderful! It is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road
I want to book a table for one at 14:30 on Friday.|I have a table reserved for you. The reference number is XYKUXP14.
Thanks! Can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant on time for that reservation!|I have a taxi booked with a contact number of 07582512082 car type yellow bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Which hotels in Cambridge offer free wifi for guests?|There are several.  Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes I am interested in the north and a moderate price range.|can you please tell me when and how many will join you ?
I'm not sure at this point.  For now, I just need the address.|How about Lovell Lodge at 365 Milton Road?
do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do offer that.
Ok I would like to book a room.|In order to make the reservations, can you tell me for what day, how many guests and how many nights please?
Yes, thursday through sunday and 6 guests.|I was able to book the room your reference number is U4XH256U. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Okay great. How about a Chinese restaurant in the same price range?|The Yippee Noodle Bar is available, would that be satisfactory for you?
Yes can you book that for 4 people at 14:15 on saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Q14MS7P4.  Is there anything else?
that is it for today. thanks for helping|You're welcome!  If there's anything else we can help with, don't hesitate to ask.
Are there any places that offer rooms in the north that also give free wifi, or do you have to go to other parts of town for that?|which has free wifi?
The hotel should include free wifi|There are twelve options fitting your description, sir. What price range are you interested in?
The hotel should have a star of 3 and doesn't need to have free parking.|How about hamilton lodge? It looks lovely.
Perfect. What's the price range and postcode?|It is moderately priced and the postcode is cb41da.
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I will be in Cambridge and need a place to go for entertainment in the centre of town. Can you help me find something?|I'm sorry there are no places for entertainment in the centre of the city. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre of the city?|Yes I have 11 museums in the centre  of town.
Thank you, could I get the address and entrance fee for the one you'd recommend?|The museum of archaelogy and anthropology is always interesting, and is free. It is located at university of cambridge, downing street. Anything else you need today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the cheap price range.|We have the Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Is it in the same area as the museum?|The Cambridge Belfry is in the West part of town.
I need something is the center area of town.|I can recommend the broughton house gallery, they are located at 98 king street admission is free
No thanks. I meant that I need a hotel in the centre. Preferably 4 stars.|There is a hotel in the centre with 4-stars called University Arms Hotel, but earlier, you said you wanted a cheap offering.  This shows expensive.
That's OK, i'll take the address if you have it.|Sure, it is located at Back Lane, Cambourne, postcode cb236bw.  Do you need anything else today?
Nope, thats all I needed for today. Thanks!|Thank you for choosing our service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
I need a particular hotel please.|We have many hotels to choose from. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
I don't know.  But I do know the name of the hotel. It's the Lensdield Hotel.  I must book that exact hotel. It is important.|I have found The Lensfield Hotel located on 53-57 Lensfield Road. Would you like to book now?
yes for the weekend|To make sure I get the booking right, by the weekend you mean you want to stay for two nights starting Saturday? And how many people will be staying?
No I want to book starting on Wednesday for 2 people for 2 nights|I'm sorry but I was unable to book for those nights.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes.  Please try to make a reservation in the same price range.|You are booked into express by holiday inn Cambridge which is in the expensive price range you wanted. The reference number is IC7AAXP6. Is there anything else?
No, that's it! I appreciate your help!|No problem.  Have a nice stay. Bye.
I need a train to go from Cambridge to Norwich.|What day of the week are you looking to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 13:45.|I have the TR7438 that will arrive at 12:55. Would you like a booking made today?
I would like to book that train for 4 people please.|7G6OJ8G2 is your  confirmation code. May I help you further?
yeah, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. Moderate in price.|There are several moderate priced guesthouses do you  have a preferred area that you want to stay in?
Yes, the hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to have free parking.|a and b guest house is a guesthouse in the east and it is moderate. Shall I book it ?
can I have the star rating and idf they have wi fi ?|The star rating is 4 and they do have free wifi.
OK, that's all I need for now. Thanks.|Great. I hope you have an excellent day.
Thanks you too Goodbye|Great! Have a good day.
i want to find an international restaurant|Okay! I have found 3. One is in the East part of town, and one is in the Centre. What part of town would you like to dine in?
What is the price range of the one in the east?|The price range for the east restaurant is cheap. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 at 16:45 on Friday please.|Great! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W9RRJVPX. Is there anything else you need?
I need to find a room too.|What area would you like me to look for hotels at?
Doesn't matter so much, as long as it has 4 stars & is cheap. I would also like parking and wifi.|The allenbell hotel is available in the east part of town. would you like me to book it for you?
no all i need is the phone number|You can reach them at the number 01223210353. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a hotel in the Cambridge area called the limehouse.|The Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of Cambridge. They are a 4-star establishment and offer free parking and Internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Book for 2 people for 4 nights on thursday and I'll need the reference number too please|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is Q5BKFIC3
Thank you. Can you find us some good eats, too? We'd like something moderately priced that serves South African cuisine.|I was unable to find anything matching that. Would you like to try again?
How about African food in general?|We have one restaurant, the Bedouin. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes please.|I would be happy to book a reservation for 2.  What day are you looking at and time?
2 people for Thursday at 19:00 please|I have your table for 2 booked at the Bedouin.  Would you like anything else?
I need the reference number too please.|The reference number is 0LG9G1BT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I need.|Okay, great! Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.|I have many options for you. Is there a certain area of town you're interested in?
No, that doesn't matter, but I need a hotel with free parking.|Sure, there are 14 choices that meet your needs. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
It doesn't matter. I would like for the hotel to have free wifi|Alright how does the Archway House sound?
Can they accommodate a party of 8 for 2 nights, beginning Saturday?|Yes they can! Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3O4M8ZSU. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge departing from norwich?|Certainly! What day are you traveling?
My meeting is on Wednesday.|Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 19:30.|Train TR2379 departs at 17:16 and arrives at 18:35. Will this work for you or would you like an earlier time?
That's all I needed to know about the train. Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderately priced place to day with four stars.|which side would you like to be?
the area doesn't matter but make sure its a hotel and not a guesthouse including free wifi.|I'm unable to find anything that meets all of your criteria. Can we adjust your price range to find the appropriate accommodations?
how about one that is in the cheap price range|How about The Cambridge Belfry? It is cheap, has four stars, and has internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
That sounds great. Please book it for 8 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z01W0H74. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi.|I am sorry but I am not finding any hotels that fit your needs.
What about an expensive, 4 star hotel?|I have two for you to choose from. I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town.
Does either one have free parking?|Yes, they both offer free parking, and are expensive four star hotels. Would you prefer the centre area or the west area?
I guess the centre.  Can you reserve 2 nights starting Saturday?  There are 8 of us.|Unfortunately, neither location can accommodate your request, would you like to try for a different length length of time?
Yes. Is either one available for just one night?|The marriott worked. Your reference number is NNFT47MW.
Thank you, that is all I need. Toodles.|Have a fun stay.  Bye.
I am looking for a museum in the centre of Cambridge. Can you help me find one?|There are eleven museums there. I would recommend the Castle Galleries, located at unit su43, Grand Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Entrance is free there, too. Need an alternate recommendation?
No, that sounds fine. Could I get the phone number?|The phone number is 01223307402.
I also need to find a hotel. I'm looking for one in the east with free wifi.|I have the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge that matches your preferences. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does the hotel include free parking?|Yes it does have free parking
yes absolutely, you can book it for me please|I would be happy to. What is your arrival day, how many nights do you need, and how many are in your party?
There are 2 of us.  We will arrive on Wednesday and stay for 3 nights.|Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or a shorter stay?
Oh dear.  What if we only stay there on Wednesday?|Yes, I have booked you for Wednesday night.  Your reference number is MLQZYRU2.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will you need it from the hotel or to the hotel?
From the hotel.|What time would you need to be picked up at the hotel?
I would like to leave the hotel by 11:00.|Great! Be on the look out for a red honda. The contact number is 07451827304. Anything else I can help with?
No, you've been a great help already.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I was wondering if you had any colleges I could visit during my stay?|I have 18, what area would you prefer?
I have no preference besides colleges. Please recommend one.|My favorite is Saint Catharine's College. It is in city centre, and they are free to enter.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?|Saint Catharine's college's phone number is 01223338300. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and moderate prices.|Okay, there are several of those it looks like, are you also wanting to stay in the centre as well?
No need, but I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 4 star range.|I do not have any listings for 4-star hotels with free parking. Perhaps you would like to try a different star rating?
How about a hotel that is the expensive price range?|huntingdon marriott hotel is found in kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 13:30. get contact number and car type|That booking was not successful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights|I was able to book your reservation for 2 days.
Okay, may I get a reference number please?|I apologize it looks like there was a booking error. The huntingdon does not have availability. Would you like to try another hotel or length of stay?
Please try it for 2 nights.|Actually, there might have been an error int he system before.  I booked the Huntington Marriott Hotel for 2 people, 3 nights, starting on Tuesday. Reference number is J4Z0CZ41.
Excellent! I also need a taxi to go between the places. I want to leave the hotel by 13:30.|I booked a grey Skoda to pick you up.  The contact number for the taxi is 07491898705.
Awesome!  That's all I need.  Thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Yes I need a cheap restaurant in the Cambridge area on the north side of town. What do you suggest?|thank you I will go to royal spice.
Okay can you book me a table for Saturday at 19:45 for 3 people? I would also like the reference number for the booking.|I have successfully booked your reservation. Your reference number is 7XYDZ38V. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. I would prefer at least 4 stars and free parking.|We have 19 entries that match your search. Do you have any further preferences?
I would like the place to have the same price range as the restaurant, so cheap.|The worth house is a hotel that is also on the north side of town and it is cheap. Would you like to book a room there?
I would prefer one that has free parking and a star rating of 4.|The worth house does meet your stated criteria.
Okay, could you also tell me the area of the hotel?|Absolutely, the Worth House is located in the North Area.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, that's perfect. Thank you for all of your help!|What day would you like the reservation for?
Saturday at 19:45|For how many people and how many nights would you like that hotel reservation?
Actually, I will go ahead and make a reservation for a later time. But, thank you for all the info. I think that is all I needed.|If there is nothing else, have a good day.
Can you help me find a train departing cambridge going to bishops stortford?|I am happy to assist you, what date and time will you need?
tuesday and I would like to get there by 13:15|The closest I can get you to 13:15 is 12:07 and that will be TR4041. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to know the price and departure time please?|That train departs at 11:29. The cost is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I do need a place to stay though, I want a nice 4 star place with free wifi, please.|These are several selections available to you. Let me know which choice you have made and I will make the required booking for you.  I can recommend Marriott but the Cambridge Belfry is cheaper. All three close to all of our attractions and all the main restaurants.
I need to find a 4 star hotel with free wifi|There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I'll definitely need something on the cheap side.|I have at least two properties matching your requirements and both are considered 4 star hotels. Would you like me to book one of them?
Are either of them located on the south side of the city?|Yes, two of them are. Aylesbray lodge guest house and rose's bed and breakfast
Okay, please book 4 nights for 4 starting tuesday|Which hotel would you prefer me to book?
rose's bed and breakfast|Booking was successful.Reference number is : MCCKYP80.
Thank you! I don't require any further help.|Sounds great! have a nice day!
I am trying to find the Acorn Guest House.|The Acorn Guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the north side of town. It includes free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I will go ahead and book it myself. I think I have all the information I need. Thank you.|Thank you, and thanks again for using our free service.
Actually, could you help find a train as well? To Norwich?|I found a train from cambridge to norwich at 05:36 on Friday, will that work?
I need to leave after 21:30, is there anything closer to that time?|Yes there are 14 trains. Which day would you like to depart?
Sunday would be good.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, just leave after 21:30. Will you give me the travel time, arrival time and the Train ID?|Id is TR0625, travel time is 79 minutes and you will arrive by 22:55. Anything else?
No, you've answered all of my questions.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service, have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre area.|Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
It doesn't matter, but it should have free wifi.|I have over 33 options with wifi in the center of town. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
Do any of them have a zero star rating?|i booked your hotel here is your conformation codeYI2WGUQA.
Thank you and the address please ?|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I would like to find a place to stay next weekend|Sure, what day would you like to begin your stay and how long will you be staying?
I just am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free parking and should be a guesthouse.|I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the centre.  What would you like, cheap or moderate?
Price doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people for 2 nights, starting thursday. Can I get the reference number?|Alright, I have booked you at Home from Home for two nights, reference number OASAAHHB.
Thank you so much. I'm also looking for a good museum in town.|Sure, how about the broughton house gallery?
Is that in the centre area and a museum? If it is please let me know the address, phone and entrance fee.|Yes, it is. The address is 98 king street, the entrance fee is free, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you so much for all your help!|We are happy to help. Do you have anything else you'd like assistance with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Could you help me find a 0 star lodging with free parking?|Certainly, we have City Centre North B&B in the north and El Shaddai in the centre, both very affordable. Would you like to book one?
I want to make sure also, that it is a hotel and includes free wifi|Both City Centre North B and B and El Shaddai have free wifi. Would you like to book one of these?
Can I just get the address for them please|City centre is 328a histon road and el shaddai is 41 warkworth street.
Thanks, I also need a train to go to cambridge.|From where to cambridge then?
I want to leave from bishops stortford and arrive by 12:15.|Alright, what day will you be traveling? There are four trains per day that meet your requirements.
I would like to leave on friday.|TR6834 leaves at 11:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:07. Does this allow you enough time? Or TR2083 that leaves at 09:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07.
Please book me for one for train TR 6834|I booked you one seat on TR6834 departing Bishops Stortford for Cambridge Friday at 11:29.  Reference is MFL4CZTS. Is there anything more today?
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome have a great time!
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?|university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?|No, but The Lensfield Hotel meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?|Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving on Thursday.  What time would you like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by 10:15.|Would you like to go to hogwarts?
Umm, no I am going to Leicester from Cambridge on Thursday arriving by 10:15.|Train TR4859 arrives at 10:06. Do you want me to book it?
Yes please!  Also, kindly provide the price, travel time, and train ID if you can.  Maybe I will visit hogwarts next time HAHA|TR4859 is a 105-minute trip, and the cost is 37.80 GBP per ticket.
Thank you very much.|Would you like for me to book a ticket for you?
No, thanks, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|Will you be needing a taxi? Is there anything else that I can do for today?
No, that's all I will be needing today. Good-bye.|Thank you for your call. Please enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different?
Oh no.  Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?|I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.|The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.|What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|When would you like to arrive?
I am looking for a train that'll leave on friday.|We have over 400 results. Can you provide me with more information, such as departure site and destination?
I'm going to Stevenage from Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 09:15.  Thanks for your help!|TR4800 leaves at 07:54 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:43, would you like to book a seat?
Yes can you make me a booking for 8 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0B1WJ9DR. Will that be all?
Will you also check the hotel called Lovell lodge?|I'm sorry, I had to re-book your train, as I had the stations backwards.  TR2515 will get you to Stevenage by 6:10. Fee is 102.4 GBP, REF. #N3H045K3.
Great I also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|I was able to book that room for you, ref #8XZZ0TYE. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, you were very helpful.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Hi, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am looking for places to go in town.|Sure, what kind of places are you thinking about?
How about a museum?|May I recommend Byard Art in the south?
Yes, thanks.  Can you give me the postcode and phone number?|Here you go, the postal code is cb21sj, and the phoen number is 01223464646.  Can i help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay.|Can you give me an area and price range preference?
I would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 4 star rating.|I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house.  Shall I go ahead and book you a room?
No thank you. I would like to know if they have free parking, their phone number, and their address.|Okay, they have free parking and internet.  The address is: 5 Mowbray Rd.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves americas food.|Unfortunately, I cannot find an American restaurant.
Is there a moderate priced restaurant in the east?|Yes, I have 3 moderately priced Indian restaurants.
Yes, that is the type of food I am craving.  Which one would you recommend?|curry prince is definitely my favorite, they have great vegan options!
Sounds perfect. Are you able to book a table for us? I need a table for 5 at 13:15 this saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 94VI10CX. Will that be all for today?
No, I'll also need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating please.|There are 21 lodgings in town with a 4 star rating. Do you have a preference for area, type, pricerange, internet or parking availability?
I'd like a guesthouse and somewhere that is moderate in price.|There are 11 choices for you. Do you have an area preference?
Do they all have free wifi?|Some do and some don't. Are you looking for free internet?
Yes, I would like to have internet.|Do you need parking?
That's not as important as the internet.|Got it, I found A and B guest house located in the East and not to far from the restaurant. Will this work?
I just need to know if they have wifi. If they do I'll need the area and postcode.|a and b guest house does have internet. They are located in the east with postcode cb12dp.
Thanks for all your help today!|Did you need anything further today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a decently priced guesthouse I can stay at for the day.|I have quite a few guesthouses to choose from, do you have an area of preference and a star rating you'd like to look at?
How about a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse?|The avalon is in the north area and moderately priced. I has 4 stars and internet. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please.  I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  There will be 7 people.|I reserved a room at the Avalon for 7 people arriving Wednesday for 3 nights.  Your reference number is LXMFRZLR.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for an attraction called riverboat georgina.|The Riverboat Georgina is a boat located in the north. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?|I apologize but the entrance fee for riverboat georgina is unlisted. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I thought someone provided the entrance fee for me before but I just can't remember. Are you sure it's not listed?|I just double-checked, and it's not listed here. I'm terribly sorry.
well, okay then, I guess there's nothing else.  Have a good day.|Thank you for using our service.  Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes you have. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Help me find a train that leaves after 09:45 on Saturday.|The TR5170 departs at 11:00.  Would that work?
Does it depart from Leicester?|TR6678 departs from Leicester at 10:09 on Saturday. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is YYKJRD9R. Will that be all?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It needs to be cheap and in the east.|There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. I would recommend the Autumn House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
does it have free wifi and parking?|It sure does.  Can I get you more information?
Okay would you be able to make a reservation for me for 4 nights for 5 people starting Saturday?|Your booking is a success. Your reference number is: HHCGQ5HZ. Yes, it does have internet.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking in Cambridge.|I found a handful of locations that might suit your interests. Would you care to check out the Gonville Hotel? It has everything you are looking for in accommodations.
Does the Gonville Hotel have guesthouse accommodations?|I believe so, yes.
Can you book this hotel?|Absolutely. On what day, for how many people and how long is your stay?
I would like to book for four people for three nights beginning on Tuesday.|Before I book this hotel I just want to inform you that I have confirmed that it is not a guesthouse but a hotel. Would you still like me to book?
Yes please book it for four people in 3 nights starting on Tuesday|Unfortunately it can not be booked for 3 days. Did you want to get information about a different hotel instead?
No how about two nights?|I want able to book your room at the Gonville Hotel for you for the two nights. Your reference number for this is KYXT8TUS.
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it is called Charlie Chan. Can you provide me its address?|Certainly! The address for the Charlie Chan is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you. That's all I needed today.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Let us know if you need anything else and have a great day!
Can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting Friday at the express by holiday Inn in cambridge.|I can certainly help you with that. The Express by Holiday Inn is a great choice. So can you confirm that was Friday for 2 people, 2 nights?
Actually, I change my mind. I can arrange the booking myself. Can you just let me know if they offer free wifi?|Yes, they do have internet.
Thank you for all your help today.|You're welcome. Please contact us if you would like us to make the reservation instead.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse in the west. Do you have any recommendations?|I do. Finches Bed and Breakfast is a gem, rated 4 stars, but inexpensive in price. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Is that one considered moderately priced? I'd prefer moderate over cheap.|It seems that Finches is quite cheap. However, Hobson's House also fits your description, and it is moderately priced.
How many stars are they rated and could I get the phone number?|Finches bed and breakfast has 4 stars. It's phone number is 01223276653 and Hobsons house has 3 stars.  It's phone number is 01223304906
Wonderful.  I will book with Finches tomorrow.  I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|Is there a specific day and time you are looking to depart?
No.I do not have a specific day or time for departure.|Well then the most I can tell you is the journey last 50 minutes and costs 16.50 pounds.
Actually I do now. I need it to leave on a Sunday and arrive by 16:30.|I found you the TR 3434 that leaves at 15:06 and arrives by 15:56. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes can you book two please?|TR3434 has been booked for two tickets. Your reference number is HCZPLE1G.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a great trip. Good bye.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many places to go in the centre of Cambridge: marvelous architecture, colleges, museums, theatres, and more. Are any of these options particularly interesting to you?
I'm not picky, I'm totally open to suggestions. Can you pick your favorite and let me know the address?|Oh, wonderful. I'd recommend Club Salsa, on 1 Station Road. It's a nightclub and the entrance fee is 5 GBP, but it's worth it!
I'm also looking for a hotel. I want a place with a 3 star rating and free wifi.|I have 5 results of places with 3 star ratings.  To help narrow it down a bit, what area do you prefer and what price range?
Sure, how about something cheap?|There are no cheap hotels with that search. Would you like a different price range?
Anything moderately priced in the 3 star rating, with free wifi, please.|bridge guest house	is a moderately priced 3 star hotel in the south with internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on Tuesday and please also give me a reference number for the booking. I also would like a taxi.|Success! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  8E1NHOEK. Anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the Club Salsa by 17:30 heading back to the hotel.|A black Toyota will pick you up at 17:30 at Club Salsa to take you back to the Bridge Guest House. Contact number is 07280181013. Will that be all?
That's great! That's all I need. Thanks.|Great! Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the center of the town.|We have lots of cheap places in the center of town, but I recommend The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
want to book a table for 5 people at 12:00 on sunday and a confirm number place|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: P5U2XRZD.
I also need a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have a preference for price range and area of town? Hotel or Guesthouse?
I would like the guesthouse to be the same price range as the restaurant. I need it to include free wifi.|el shaddai fits your requirement. Its located at 41 warkworth street they have free parking and wifi. Phone 01223327978. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes. I want a reservation for 4 nights starting Sunday.|Do you want reservations for 5 people, the same as the restaurant?
Yes that would be great. Also i;ll need the reference number.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is UVCHN707.
Thank you very much!  Goodbye!|You are quite welcome! Bye, have fun!
Hello, can you help me find information about Finches Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge?|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west area. It is a 4 star cheap guesthouse that offers free parking and internet. Would you like a  reservation?
Yes please! I'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Alright, the booking was successful, your reference number is: LT8DPU71. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks for your help.  Have a good day!|Hope you enjoy your stay, cheers!
Can you recommend a guesthouse to stay in in the centre of town?|There is the alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like to book one of them?
I want one that's 0 stars.|I only have one place with a 0 star rating. The El Shaddai. Would you like me to book it?
That sounds good. Please go ahead.|I would be happy to make that booking. Are you traveling alone, and for how many days would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for 5 nights.|How many people?
One person starting Wednesday. Need the reference number and also looking for a Cuban restaurant in the expensive price range.|Your booking was successful. The reference number for your stay is 26KK8TWA. What area will the Cuban restaurant be in?
In the Centre please.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match your requirements.  Do you have other suggestions?
ok thankyou, will figure out what to do|Can I help you with anything else ?
I am looking for places to go for my upcoming trip.  Are there any colleges in the centre of town?|There are several! Corpus Christi is a really cool place to visit, but there is an entrance fee of 2 pounds. I have many free ones if that's an issue.
The entrance fee is fine. Can I get their address and postcode, please?|The address is king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel with a star of 3 and includes free parking.|I have two hotels that fit that description. Both are expensive, but one is located in the south and the other is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I would also like it to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|How about Hamilton lodge
Sure, could you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|Your reservation for 5 people at the hamilton lodge on thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NLC5RK0F.
Great.  Thanks for all the help!|Will that be all for today?
Yes, thanks. Have a wonderful morning! Goodbye.|You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help you today. Good-bye.
Can you tell me about a nice guest house in your city? I don't care how much it costs.|There is the Acorn Guesthouse that is located in the north side of town. Would you like me to make a booking?
Are they expensive? I would like something nice. And do they have free parking?|They're a moderate guesthouse with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Please check for something expensive first. If you don't see one, then we can come back to that.|It looks like all of the places in the expensive price range are hotels rather than guesthouses. Would you like to consider a different price range?
Yeah, that's fine.  Oh, and I need free parking!|So to clarify, you need a guesthouse with free parking, and a moderate price range is acceptable? If so, I have 12 different options for you.
Yes, that's right. Which of the 12 options would you recommend?|How about Archway House? It's at 52 Gilbert Road cb43pe, and the phone number is 01223575314. Would that work for you?
That's great. Please make a reservation for 1 on Monday. I'd like to stay 3 nights.|Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or a shorter stay.
Yes, would you try 2 nights instead, please?|Booking was successful.  Reference number is : JAKCI7JO.  Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks. Bye!|I hope you have a great rest of the day.
I would like to get a hotel room that is in the north and is priced moderate.|There are 9 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from. Which type of lodging do you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I do need it to have free Internet.|The acorn guest house is located in the north and is moderately priced and has internet access. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from monday.|I'm sorry, that booking wasn't available. Could you perhaps stay a shorter time period?
Ok, let's try it for 8 people for two nights starting from Monday.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is OOU8KLRA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We would like to eat near the hotel, something austrian!|There are no Austrian restaurants in the north area, can I try something else?
Darn, okay, how about Italian instead?|The Da Vinci Pizzeria is located in that area.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can I make the reservation for Monday at 19:00 for 8 people?|Your table for 8 has been reserved, and they'll hold it for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is MUCNCVPD. Need further assistance?
What kind of car is reserved?|I can book a car for you if you'd like. Would you like to arrive at the restaurant the same time as your reservation?
Yes. Please let me know the contact number and car type for the taxi.|Your taxi will be a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07923389673.
.
thank you that will be all all|Thank you, Have a great day.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay in during my visit.|I can help with that. What area will you be staying in?
The area does not matter. But will for sure want it to be an actual hotel.|I have the in the Huntington Marriott hotel city center that is rated 4 stars and include free parking and free wifi. Would you like me to check availabiltiy?
Yes, please book it if possible.|What day would you like to leave
I don't want to leave. I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 6 of us.|And you never have to leave if you don't want to. I have booked a reservation at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and the reference number is EQNKY1ZC. Anything else?
Yes, are there any moderately priced northern european restaurant, if no northern european, modern european will do.|There are 3 restaurants matching your query. Do you prefer the south or the centre?
I would like the restaurant in the same area, Cambridge, please.|And would you prefer the south of Cambridge or the centre of Cambridge?
I'm not picky with the area. I just want it to be moderately priced.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in this area. Would you like to try another?
I was looking for a restaurant.  I already have a hotel reservation|There are a couple in the centre area and one in the south area. Do you have a preference?
I would like one that serves northern european food, if possible.|We have quite a few choices for you today, how about de luca cucina and bar, you can a few drinks while your there!
Thats sounds great. can i get the area and address ?|The area is the centre. The address is 83 Regent Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:00.|Will you be going back to the hotel or somewhere else?
The hotel I guess.|Great. I was able to book your car with no issues. They will be driving a black Tesla and you will be able to contact them at 07224648595.
Great I believe that covers everything. Goodbye.|Thanks for contacting us today. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.
Hi, I would like to find a place to stay in Cambridge with free wifi.|I have several different options. In order to narrow them down, is there a certain price rang you would prefer?
In the moderate price range please. Oh and it needs to be a guesthouse.|Alright, I have found 14 recommendations. Do you know what area you would prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I need to know if they have free parking.|I'm sorry, but I'm running into some errors in my system. Could you please restate your hotel requirements?
I'm looking for a place to stay- a guesthouse. It needs to be in the moderate price range and needs to have free wifi.|I have the a and b guest house and it does have free internet. Would you like to book this?
Could you tell me what area it is in and whether it has free parking?|The A & B Guesthouse does not have free parking.
I also need a train for Friday departing from Ely to Cambridge for 5 people and arriving by 16:30. Can you book this and get a reference number for me?|The closest match for you would be the TR4389. You'll depart at 15:35 and arrive at 15:52. Reference number D40MV6A4. 22 GBP payable at the station.
Great thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using our system?
I need a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|I have many results for a cheap guesthouse, would you like to narrow it down to stay in a particular area of the town?
Do any of these hotels have 4 stars?|Yes, in fact 7 of the 9 hotels in your search criteria have 4 stars. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
Any area is fine, but I'd like to book rooms for 8 people. We'll be staying 5 nights, beginning on Saturday. Can any of them accommodate that?|I was able to get you rooms at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast. Reference number is : HREOM15W. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant called The Nirala.|The nirala serves indian food in the north side of town. It is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd like to book a table there for 8 at 16:00 on Saturday, please.|I am sorry, I was unable to reserve a table for that time on Saturday, would you like to try a different time slot?
Yes, see if 15:00 is available.|Booking was a success!
Could you please provide the reference number?|Sure thing. The reference number is Z1YHIR0Y.
Great - that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|Glad that I could be of service. Goodbye!
I need a guesthouse rental that has free parking.|Sure, we have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking. Do you have a price range you're looking for or some part of town you want to stay in?
I would like in the cheap price range in the west.|I found one guesthouse that meets that criteria.  It is finches bed and breakfast.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Book it for me and I need the address,thank you.|The address is 144 thornton road. I need to know when your stay is going to be and for how many please?
4 people. Starts from Saturday, 4 nights.|I am sorry but finches bed and breakfast is solidly booked. Do you want me to search for another guesthouse?
Yes please another hotel in the same price range if possible.|I am not finding any other cheap places to stay in the west. Maybe a better price point? Moderate or expensive maybe?
How about cheap in any area please?|Okay I was able to get you into the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the city center and the reference number is QW52L6EX.
Great, thank you very much for your help!|So glad we were able to get you booked. Have a great day. Good-Bye!
I want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses with free parking.  Are you looking for a particular price range or location?
I want at least 4 stars rating. Are any of them 4 starts?|There are 16 that have a 4-star rating. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
No, just anywhere that has room for 5 people starting Sunday.|I need to narrow the search. What area do you want to stay in? Do you prefer moderate or cheap?
I prefer to stay in a moderate area.|I have 9 guesthouse in the moderate range with free parking and 4 stars. The archway house is nice on the north side.
Sounds good. Please book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from this sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try aylesbray lodge guest house?
Yes let's try that one please.|OK that is all set, thank you!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|I've found plenty of places with free wi-fi. Is there a certain area you're looking for? Or a certain price range?
It should have a star of 3 and include free parking.|I found 5 hotels with free wifi and free parking. Is there a particular area or price range you prefer?
I'm looking for a hotel in the west with a moderate price range.|I have found no places in the west in the moderate price range with 3 stars. Do you have a different area or price range you would like?
It doesn't have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free parking. Please suggest one for me.|The gonville hotel is an 3 star, expensive hotel in the centre of town that has free internet and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book there for 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday and I would like a reference number.|There is no availability at the Gonville Hotel for those dates. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Yes.  Please look for any hotels in the same price range|I actually found the Hobsons House which is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse with free parking in the west part of town. Would it be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. The Hobsons House sounds good.|Your booking was successful and the Reference number is  IYGOHWCR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.|Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.|Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.|The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
I also need a place to stay, I'd like possibly a guesthouse with free wifi.|Ok i will find you one as soon as possible and inform you thanks a lot
I am looking for a college type attraction.|Sure.  There are a number of college attractions to visit.  Is there a specific place or area of the city you were interested in?
none. just recommend one and let me know its entry fee.|How about king's college? It's in the centre of town and the admission is free. You can contact them at 01223331100.
Great! I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.|There are 15 results for guesthouses in the moderate price range, what area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like 4 stars, please.|Great, how about the Archway House? It's in the North, moderate price, and 4 stars. It also has internet.
do they also have free parking?|Archway house does have free parking, would you like me to book it for you?
Not at the moment. What is the postcode?|The postcode to Archway House is cb43pe and the phone is 01223575314. Would you like me to book this for you?
I would love to book a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 08:45. I need contact number and car type please.|A blue BMW will pick you up, contact number 07646838374. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi I'm looking for a hotel in the are that includes free wifi.|Do you have a price range or a specific area?
I would like to be in the west, and it would be great if it was an expensive hotel.|The huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please for this weekend.Thank You.|Ok for how many people and how long is your stay going to be?
There will be 2 people and a total of 4 nights stay starting from tuesday.|Booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place?
Yes, as long as the hotel is in the expensive price range, please try booking it.|I was able to book University Arms Hotel, reference number is PFYQXYLU
Thank you. That's everything I need.|Okay glad I could be of help.
I am looking for the restaurant kymmoy.|kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located on 52 Mill Road City Centre, cb12as. Would you like a reservation?
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 16:15 on Wednesday. i want the reference number|Your reference number is: MXG517HW.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 4 state rating category.|University Arms Hotel is located in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking?|Yes. Would you like a room?
Yes, please. Can you book me for Wednesday for 7 people, 2 nights please?|Great!  I have the rooms booked for you.
Could I please get the reference number?|Sure, your reference  number is  ZU5RABWR
Thanks so much, now I need a taxi to get us there on time.|Okay! You'll be picked up in a black Ford. The contact number is 07889021658. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all for today. Thanks so much. Goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I need to find Local Restaurants in Cambridge where I can dine and I also need an expensive 4 Star Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.|sure, what kind of hotel are you looking for?
An actual hotel instead of a guesthouse, I would need to have free wifi.|How about the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, I'd like to book 2 nights there, please.|Sure I can help with that. What day would like the reservation for and for how many people?
For 1 person, 2 nights starting Sunday.|I was able to book your room. Your reference number is W7ML67QB. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called the midsummer house restaurant.|That is an expensive british restaurant in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223369299. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make a reservation.|I would love to! how many people, which date and time?
IT will be at 16:00 on Sunday. Just a table for one.|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 2X3EOW8A. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Yes, I'd like to book three nights, for three people, at the Worth House hotel.|What day will you be checking in?
I would be arriving Sunday.|Ok.  The booking was successful.  Your reference number is M15ZT8QM.
Thank you. That's all I need.|You are welcome. Good bye.
I want to see a boat|which side of town do you prefer?
No specific area. What do you recommend?|There are 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest the Riverboat Georgina. It is located in the north. Would you like more information on it?
Yes please. I'd like to know the postcode and if there is an entrance fee.|The post code is cb43ax	 but I am uncertain of the entrance fee.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a moderately-priced guesthouse with free parking.|I would like to recommend the A and B Guest House, which is moderately priced.
Sure. Thank you. I want to book the hotel for 2 nights starting on Friday with 5 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : BKEHHLRA. Anything else I can help with?
That will be all, you made my day, they need to give you a raise.|LOL, well, Thank you!  I hope you have a great stay!
Thanks! You've answered all my questions and I think you do deserve a raise!|Thank you so much.
I want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from cambridge.|There are many that leave cambridge and go to stansted airport; what day would you like to leave and what time?
I need the train to leave after 09:15 on Saturday.|I have train TR2755 that will leave at 09:40 and put you at the airport by 10:08. Would that work for you? If not, I have later trains.
That train works well.|Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes please. Get me 8 tickets for my party as well as a reference number.|Your reference number is UKOTND0A. Would you like anything else today?
I also need a hotel that has free parking. I don't need internet or anything like that.|I have 29 places to stay with free parking. Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Are any of the 29 places, guest houses?  I would actually prefer a hotel rather  than a guest house.|There are 8 hotels that match that description. Did you have a price range or area in mind?
I need to find the Autumn House Hotel.|The Autumn House hotel is a cheap guesthouse on the east side, located at 710 Newmarket Road.
Do they have free parking there?|Yes, the Autumn House has free parking! Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can you please and send me the reference number?|Ok.  How many days will you be staying?
5 days and I need  postcode and entrance fee|I also need to know how many days and what day you will be staying.
Right, as I states above, 5 days please.|You are booked. Your reference number is XPCARI17
Can you also find a swimming pool I can visit?|There are 2 pools in the north, one in the center and one in the east. Which do you prefer?
Could I get the postcode and entrance fee for the one in the east?|I'm afraid I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb58nt. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi as well?|Where is your departure site and destination?
I need to leave from autumn house to a swimming pool|I would love to help. When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by 05:15.|Alright a yellow volkswagen has been booked it will have you to the pool by 05:15. Your confirmation number is 07422806466. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all thank you|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
I have the name of an attraction that I need help finding.|I can try and help.  Do you know that name of it?
The Mumford Theatre.|I see it here. It's located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like the phone number.|The phone number is 08451962320. Can I help you with anything else?
No that we be all for today. Thank you.|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services.
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.|Sure.  There are six different options in that area.  What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet.  I just for sure want a 4 star place.|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.|Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 544D87NG.
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?|Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
I want to leave from stevenage after 14:30.|TR1800 leaves at 15:54 and arrives at 16:43. Will that one work for you?
Yes, it will be fine.  I need tickets for the same group of people please.|Train TR1800 is booked. The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0J6YFX. May I help with something else?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.
I am looking for places to visit in downtown Cambridge. What are some popular attractions?|There is architecture, boats, colleges, museums, and many other things.
Recommend something that's in the center of town for me.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a fantastic place to visit. It's located at 6 Trinity Street and admission is free! Do you need more information?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is moderately priced and has free parking.|There's not an exact match to fit your needs. There's a hotel without free parking available. Or, if you need the free parking, would a cheap guesthouse work instead?
Free parking would be nice but it is not a necessity.|Okay, if the lack of parking isn't a dealbreaker, you might enjoy cityroomz. Their number is 01223304050. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please. I'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting Wednesday|Done! Your reference number is 07Z05P6U. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel at 16:30.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Honda. Their phone number is 07543221637.
That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I can't find a restaurant I am looking for.|Do you know the name of it?  I can try and find it for you.
The good luck Chinese takeaway.|That's on 82 Cherry Hinton Road. If you need to contact them for directions, their number is 01223244149. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. Book a table for my party of 8 for 12:45 on Monday.|I have made your reservation, with reference #D8E6CV1X. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel named kirkwood house.|That is one of my favorite guesthouses.  Do you need a reservation there?
Yes please for 5 people for 5 nights from Monday please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is K7VLK45Q. Will that be all?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in time for my lunch reservation.|Taxi is ready, look for a black lexus, they can be reached at 07505999310, any further questions?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help, it's much appreciated!|thank you for all the information. goodbye
I'm looking for information on a hotel called hamilton lodge.|Sure thing, here is the address 156 chesterton road
Thanks! Can you book a room for 5 people please? We'll be arriving on Monday and staying 5 nights.|I have that room booked for you. The reference number is RNC1KZBT.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Enjoy your stay!
I need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by 09:15.|There are several trains leaving Cambridge and arriving by 9:15, do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to Leicester on Sunday.|The closest arrive time for leicester that I have is 09:06.  It leaves cambridge at 07:21.  How many people will be traveling?
There will be 2 of us. Can you please provide the reference number after you create the booking?|I have your tickets booked. The reference number is ZJP3WID9.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to have 4 star rating and free wifi.|I have a number of places so maybe we can narrow it down. Can you tell me what area of town you would like to stay?
I would like to stay in the east, there is no need for parking.|I think allenbell would be a good choice. Would you like me to book it?
No, I would just like the address and hotel type, please.|The Allenbell is a guesthouse. And they are located at 517a Coldham Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  I appreciate your help today.  Goodbye!|you're welcome. its always a pleasure to serve you
I am look for a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.|We have 14 places that are moderately priced with parking. Do you want any particular area?
The area isn't important but I'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible.|I think the Bridge Guest House would be perfect for you. Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does have free internet.
Okay, great! I would like to book a room please. There will be 3 of us.|For how many days and when would  you be coming?
Tuesday. 5 nights. Reference number please.|Of course! You're booked with reference number 7BWSFBYX. May I assist with anything else?
No, that will be all.  Thanks very much.|Thank you, have a good stay. Goodbye.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in over the weekend. I don't need internet or free parking.|How about the Avalon?
The Avalon sounds good.  What is the address?|The Avalon is located at 62 Gilbert Road, CB43PD.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need to book right now, but thanks. That's all for today. Goodbye.|Okay goodbye have a nice day!
I need to get a train from cambridge to london liverpool street.|There are trains from 5:59 to 23:29 from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What is your preferred day and time of departure?
I would like to leave on Friday, after 10:30, please.|There are several trains that might work for you. The earliest is TR1750, departing at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to book it?
Could you actually tell me the price on that?|Of course, the cost for one ticket will be 16.60 pounds.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find an upscale place to stay that offers free wifi?|Certainly, I have results for 5 upscale hotels with wifi and free parking. Do you have an area preference you'd like to stay in?
I don't have an area preference but I would like a guesthouse.|I'm sorry but I don't have nay guesthouses matching that criteria. Could we look at hotels instead?
Yes that will be fine.  Could you recommend a nice hotel?|I found 5 hotels, 2 in centre, one east, one west, and one south, would one of those work for you?
Are there any moderately priced guesthouses with wifi and free parking?|How about Home from Home, in the north of the city? 4 stars, moderately priced, free internet AND parking.
And this is a guesthouse, correct? If so, I would love the postcode and address please.|Yes it is. It's address is 78-80 milton road, postcode cb41la. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, just one person staying one night.|Do you want the room for Friday?
Not yet, just needed the info given, thanks.|ok great, have a great day!
Thank you so much, bye.|Let me know if you need a reservation in the future.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.|Yes I have many options. Do you have an area of stay preference?
I want to be in the north. Preferably in a guesthouse.|Okay, and what star should the hotel have?
I do not care about the star. I do need it to be open for 5 nights from Saturday. Eight people.|I'd recommend the avalon. It's a 4 star moderately priced hotel. Does that work for you?
Thanks for the recommendation.  Yes, that will work for me and my party.  May I please get a reference number?|You have a reservation at the Avalon for 5 nights from Saturday for 8 people. Your reference number is 1NWU0HDV.
I will be in the centre of cambridge.  I am looking for any type of attraction involving architecture.|I'd recommend All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. Did you need help with anything else?
Can you give me the postcode for that?|The postcode is CB58BS. Can I help you find anything else?
I need a place to stay.|There are 33 places to stay, do you have any requirements?
I need something in the south and free parking.|I would recommend the Bridge Guest House based on your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Can you tell me what their star rating is?|Of course! They are a 3-star establishment. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
yes, 7 people 4 nights starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry. There is no availability. Would you like to try different dates or another hotel?
How about just 2 nights instead?|Bridge Guest House was available for 2 nights. Your reference number is ULWMFZAX. What else can I do for you today?
thats it, thanks!|You're very welcome, I'm glad that I could help.  I hope that you enjoy your stay!  Goodbye.
Can you tell me where the restaurant Tandoori Palace is located?|Tandoori Palace is in the west, address 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le.
Great, could you reserve me a table for 1 on Sunday at 18:15 please?|I've done it. The reference number is LPNKZ7V5. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for Hamilton Lodge. Do you have any information on it?|It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
Do you know if they offer internet and free parking?|Yes the hamilton lodge offers both free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, what is the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation.|Sure, what day would you like to stay? Anything else you'd like to tell me?
No, that's ok. I have everything I need for now. Thank you for all of your help today.|You're welcome! Thanks for contacting me today!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.|Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.|We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.|Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?|Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday.  I need to leave after 19:30.|TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for my group. We'll all be traveling together.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : EZIAXWCQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great! I'm glad I could be of help. Have a good day.
Hi, I will be traveling to Cambridge and am excited about seeing local tourist attractions.|Oh I'm super excited for you! Anything in particular you'd like to check out? How about some architecture?
Actually, I would prefer a nightclub.|There are 5 different nightclubs here in Cambridge. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No specific type, I just need the area that it's in, please.|All nightclubs are located in the centre.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the north with a star of 4.|I'm sorry but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try another area?
Let's try 3 star hotels, instead.|still no hotels match your criteria
Can you check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of hotel?  Something in the North with a star of 4 and free wifi.|There are 8 guesthouses in the north with 4 stars and free internet. Are you looking for parking as well?
No, can you recommend me a good one?|The archway house would be a great choice. It's located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like me to try and book a stay for you?
No thanks. Could you just tell me their phone umber and price range?|The archway house's phone number is 01223575314, it's a moderately priced guesthouse. Can I get you any more information?
I would also like to book a taxi from the Archway House to one of the nightclubs you mentioned. I would like to leave the hotel by 09:45.|Certainly.  What is your destination?
Could you recommend a nightclub from the previous search?|Yeah, the ballare is great. It's in the centre of town.
No, I did mean 09:45, thank you.|Okay great, the car will be a black honda and the contact number is 07537395912. Is that all you need today?
No, I wanted to check things out during the day time.  But thanks for making sure.|Thank you! Goodbye.
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.|There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.|I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.|I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house.|Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|What area in cambridge would you like to stay?
I'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. It is called the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|Okay, can you tell me how many people are staying, how many days you want to stay and when you begin your stay, please?
I'd like to start my stay on Wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 6 people.|Ok, so you are all booked. Reference number is NM7IWBOC.
Thanks so much.  I also need a train to arrive in Peterborough by 16:45.|Would you like to take the TR8327 on Friday, it arrives at 16:24?
I just want to verify that train leaves from Cambridge correct? If so, can you book it for 6 people and provide the reference number.|Yes, that is correct. I have booked it for you, the reference number is IBM6BL8X and will be leaving at 15:34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  Goodbye.|Alright, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
I need a cheap place with a free WiFi to stay. Can you assist to find one?|I certainly can. Does location matter?
No. Also, I forgot to mention that I would like a guesthouse also.|I have 9 options for you. Do you have a preference on star rating?
No, no preference really. Can you suggest one of the 9. I would like to book a room please.|I could suggest for you Alexander bed and breakfast, It is in 56 saint Barnabas road.
The 6 of us would like to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Could you book that for me, please?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is K9NL8J4J.
Can you look for a train to Cambridge on Saturday as well?|Where are you departing from?
I will leave from Stansted Airport.|There are 19 trains from stansted airport to cambridge on saturday. is there a particular time you'd like to leave?
I want to arrive by 9:00.|There is a train departing from Stansted airport it will arrive at 8:52. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sounds great. Please book for Saturday and provide me with the travel time.|I will book that for you and the train leaves at 8:24.
Could you possible email or fax me the reference number, train number, and the time? I appreciate your assistance.|How many tickets will you need?
I need 6 tickets. Please give me the train details.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FGLXQ5ZD.
that is it for today thanks for helping|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a place to stay with free parking.  Ideas?|What area of town and what price range are you looking for?
Moderate. I'd like to stay at an actual hotel and would like free internet as well.|How about the Ashley Hotel?  It is in the North area and is moderately priced with free internet and free parking.
Yes, actually that will work. Can you reserve a room for Friday for 7 people, 5 nights?|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is  E174AW95. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you for the reservation! Yes, I also need a train departing on Friday.|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Thursday. I need to leave by 17:00.|There are several, could you tell me where you are departing from and going to and what time you would like to arrive by?
I'm sorry, we'll actually be traveling on Friday and departing from Leicester.|What is your destination?
I'll be going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 09:00.|The TR4256 train leaves leicester at 7:09 and arrives at cambridge at 8:54 on Friday. Would you like me to book it or more information?
That sounds great, can you book passage for 7, please?|Booking was confirmed. The total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YYGDU1VR.
Awesome!  Thank you for all of your help, this was easier than I thought it would be.|Welcome, enjoy your day!
Find a guesthouse hotel in Cambridge with free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area you'd like to stay in, and what price range do you prefer?
Are any of the guesthouses 4 stars?|Yes, I have 16 results that have a 4 star rating. To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in? Do you need free parking?
I'll take the one on top of your list, I'll arrive Saturday it's 3 people for 5 nights.|ok i've gone ahead and booked this for you. your reference number is GXQZCBL8
Great! I've heard about a restaurant called Curry Garden. What can you tell me about it?|Sure! Curry Garden is in the Central region of town, and serves expensive Indian food. Does that interest you?
yes, please book a reservation here|Okay, when would you like me to book the reservation and for how many people?
make the reservation for saturday night for 3 people. can I have the full address? book a taxi to leave at 23:30 with contact info|I'm afraid I can't book the Curry Garden for 23:30, is there some other time you'd like?
Make the restaurant reservation for 21:00 and I need a taxi to pick us up at the restaurant at 2330. Send me taxi contact number and car type.|I'm sorry, but I'm running into an error booking that restaurant reservation. Let's take care of that before we get a taxi. Can you restate your request for the reservation?
I actually don't need a restaurant reservation. I do need a taxi, though. I need to leave Curry Garden at 23:30 and head to the hotel.|I'd be happy to help you book a taxi, what hotel is your destination?
Whatever hotel you booked me at. The reference number is: GXQZCBL8|Alright, you're all booked. Your taxi will pick you up at Curry Garden at 23:30 and take you to Acorn Guest House.
May I have the car type and a contact number for the driver?|That will be a red Honda, and the contact number is 07783493391. What else can I help you with?
I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Thanks. Have a nice day.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm hoping to find a moderately priced place to stay.|We have many options. Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse. Also, I would need free parking.|I have 33 results, is there a specific area you prefer?
I'd prefer something on the west side of town.|I have hobsons house on the west side in the moderate range. It has 3 stars and internet and parking. Would you like to book that one?
That sounds good,please book that one for me.|For how many and what dates?
Eight people, two nights from Thursday.|Booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Yes, the same price range.|In the area of west there is only one guest house in the moderate price range. Do you want me to search a different area?
Yes you can check any area please.|I have 12 in the moderate price range. Would you like me to try the aylesbray lodge guest house?
Yes please book for me then me the reference number|Okay that was successful and your booking number is JP9DVKTJ.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No. I have everything I need.|Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Do you have any suggestions on a place in the centre to eat. I would like it to be expensive please.|Is there any particular cuisine you prefer?
No, I'm not particular in fact I would like to try something exotic.  Can you also give me the address please?|I recommend Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the same area as the restaurant.|Cityroomz looks like a good fit. Would you like to book that?
Hmm, that name doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. How many stars is it rated?|Cityroomz is rated as zero stars. If you're looking for something more highly regarded the Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and the University Arms gets 4. Do those sound better?
What price range is the University of Arms in?|The University Arms Hotel is in the expensive price range.
Would you like to book that?|Do you need any more information about the University Arms Hotel?
Yes, just give me their phone number if I want to reserve something I'll call them myself.|The phone number is 01223351241. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you please confirm for me if the hotel has free wifi and what part of town it is in? Thanks.|The hotel has free internet and is in the center. The address is regent street cb21ad.
Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!|Great, thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Yes, I am planning my trip to Cambridge.  There are so many things to do it seems.  Exciting.  Can you help me with some information?|I certainly can. We have nearly 80 different attractions around town. First of all, do you have any preference as to the area of town you want to visit?
I would like the centre area please.|What types of attractions are you interested in, buildings, museums, nightclubs?
I am most interested in museums.|There are several museums, do you prefer an art or history themed museum?
Just any type of museum will do.|Cambridge contemporary art is available, are you interested in that?
Yes, that sounds good. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Thank you, can you also help me with finding a hotel in the est?|Would the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge be good?
Yes that would be great! Thank you for helping me with this.|You're welcome. Would you like me to book a room?
Oops look like I made a typo. Is that hotel a guesthouse and in the cheap price range?|Certainly. I see three guest houses, the allenbell, autumn house and leverton house, all with internet and parking. Would you like to book one of these?
As long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do.  I need 4 people 2 nights from Monday please.|You have a room at The Allenbell at 517a Coldham Lane.  The reference number is QF67O63Y.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the museum, please. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|It's ready! Look for a blue tesla around that time. If you want to contact them call 07618255220. Would that be all for you today?
Yes that would be all thank you.|Excellent. Enjoy your day!
Yes, I am looking for information for the Kirkwood House.  Can you help me?|I would love to help! This is a guesthouse located in the north. It is moderately priced and has a four star rating. Any thing else?
Does the Kirkwood House have free parking and wifi?|Yes Kirkwood house has both internet and parking available, would you like help booking a room?
I'm not sure about that... maybe I could just get their phone number from you?|The phone number for the kirkwood house is 01223306283. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Hello! I am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. Any ideals ?|Sorry, but none of the guesthouses in Cambridge fall into the expensive price range.
I need a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.|I have many options.  What area of town would you like?  That should help me narrow it down.
The area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered cheap?|Yes, there are 7 cheap guesthouses in that area.  Were you looking for any other specific requirements?
recommend any and find me its  postcode|Allenbell. Postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a Chinese place in the south?  Do you know of anything?|There are three Chinese restaurants in the south, may I recommend The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway? They are a price range of expensive.
I need the price to be the same as the hotel, so I need a cheap restaurant as well. Are there any that fit this criteria?|Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
I feel like chinese would be good.|I would like to get a table at "the lucky star".
Im looking for a place to eat eritrean food at the centre.|I am sorry there are none located in the centre. Something else perhaps?
What about something moderately priced that's in the centre instead?|OK, there are a lot of moderately priced restaurants in the centre. How do you feel about british food?
British food sounds good. What options do I have?|Restaurant one seven is a good one. Would you like to book it?
I am not quite ready to book a table, but may I have the address of the restaurant including the postcode and the phone number?|Phone is, 01223337766. Adress starting with post code is,cb21ab De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre
I also need a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help you acquire lodgings. What part of the city would you like to stay in, and what amenities do you prefer?
I'm not so concerned about the area, but I'm looking for something cheap.  I won't need to use parking.|Alright, I have Alexander Bed & Breakfast already in centre, very affordable and 4 stars. Does that interest you?
Does it include free wifi?|I'm sorry, after searching I was unable to acquire any information about the hotel and weather it has wifi.
Is there another one that is in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?|My apologies.  Actually, Alexander Bed and Breakfast does include free wifi.  I have confirmed that information.
That's great can you give me the phone number, postcode and address for Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|Sure, it's at 56 saint Barnabas road, Cb12de. The phone number is 01223525725. Would you like me to book you a room?
Nah, that won't be necessary.|Is there anything else that you might need?
entrance fee, address, and phone number|I'm sorry, our signals may have gotten crossed. What would you like to know the entrance fee, address, and phone number for?
I am sorry.  That was my mistake.  I h ave all the information I need, thank you.|Ok Thank you and have a great day.
I'm looking for an italian restaurant that is moderately priced.|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar	is available
Could you give me the address and phone number of both please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223352607.
Could I get the address as well?|The address is Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a table there for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is G9YTGB8M. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse with a 4 star rating which provides free parking. Is that possible?|It looks like there aren't any 4 star guesthouses that are expensive.  Would you like me to try a different star rating or price?
how about a moderate price range?|Yes, how about the acorn guest house?
I'm sorry, I would prefer an expensive guesthouse that includes free parking.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different hotel type or price range?
How about moderate priced guesthouses that are 4 stars?|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars and provide free parking. Would you like a recommendation from me?
Sure, please provide the address and phone number as well.|The Acorn Guest House is a very popular hotel.  Their phone number is 01223353888 and address is 154 chesterton road.  Would you like to book a room?
No thank you I don't need reservations today.|Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
No.  All set. Thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'd like a train leaving on Tuesday from Kings Lynn, please.|Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 17:30.|Ok I can book you on TR8177 from Kings lynn to Cambridge on Tuesday. How many seats do you need?
I just needed the info, no booking just yet. Thanks! goodbye.|Thank you for using or system.  Good bye.
Have a great day|Thank you and have a great day.
I actually need a place to stay as well. Something in the east please.|We have 6 guesthouses and one hotel on the eastside, you looking for any specific amenities or have a price range in mind?
I am looking for something that is moderately priced with free wifi.|I have the a and b guesthouse that has wifi and is moderately priced.
Sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to check in on a different day or shorten your stay?
Yes let's go ahead and make it for just 1 night then.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is AAO2UA2S. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should do it! Thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi, can you help me figure out a train schedule, please? I need to travel to London Liverpool Street sometime after 18:45.|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Saturday|The TR2166 train leaves at 19:59 on Saturday, would that work?
Yes, may I please have the price?|The cost per ticket is 13.28 pounds. Can I assist you in booking a ticket?
Yes please.  Also I am looking for a 4 star hotel with a moderate price range.  Can you make a recommendation?|We only have guesthouses that fit your requests, would you like a different hotel?
A guesthouse in the north should be perfect.|How about the Acorn Guest House in the north? It's 4 stars and a moderate price. I would be happy to help you with a reservation.
I won't be needing to book the train.  Regarding the guest house, does it have free parking?|Yes it does offer free parking and they also offer internet. Would you like to book a room?
No, but could you provide me with their postcode and phone number please.|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223353888 and the postcode is cb41da.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|No problem, have a great day.
Are there many places to stay with mid-range prices?|Yes, we have several options! Do you have a star rating you'd like to have it be?
Yes, a 3-star guesthouse would be perfect. Free parking too, please!|There are three 3-star guest houses in Cambridge. Is there a part of town you were interested in staying in?
No, I don't have a preference. Please just pick one, and book it for 4 people, 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay I have booked you into the Bridge Guesthouse and your reference number is UV8VFH1S.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train the same day that will be going to Cambridge.  Can you help me?|Sure, I can do that for you.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn after 16:00.|There are 8 trains that leave Kings Lynn after 16:00. The earliest leaves at 16:11. Would you like to book this train?
no just the id please|The train leaving at 16:11 is ID# TR5153. May I help you with something else?
That was all that I needed to know, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Hi, I would like to book a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge|Sure, is there an area that you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the north.|Do you care about internet or parking?
Yes, I will need both.|We have 7 places to pick from any other preferences?
I have no other preferences.|Okay, I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Great.  Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday, and provide the reference number.  Also, we would like to find an attraction near the hotel.|I have booked at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is  TVFEX8R1. How can I further assist you?
What attractions are nearby?|Okay. There are boats, a park, and pools. Would like more information on any of this?
Anything that you recommend, I'm new to the town.|I would recommend riverboat georgina. Would you like the address or phone number for that?
Yes can you please get that for me?|Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Their phone number is 01223902091.
I'm going to need a ride between the two, can I get a taxi?|What time would you like to travel?
I need to leave the hotel by 16:15. Thanks|A Red Lexus will pick you up at 16:15 at the hotel. Contact number is 07277932086. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!|you're welcome. thank you for using our system. have a good day.
I'm looking for lodgings offering free wifi and free parking.|Certainly, which part of town would you prefer to stay in?
The centre, please.|There are 4 choices for you to choose from. May I recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I will need something with free wifi and parking|Yes, the Alexander offers those. El Shaddai, Gonville Hotel, or the University Arms Hotel all do as well, if those sound more appealing. Can I book you a room?
Are they in the east or centre?|All of them are in the Centre.  Two are in the cheap price range and two are expensive. Would any of those suit?
I really wanted a hotel in the moderate price range. Can you look in the east please?|I have 2 options here. Shall I book you for carolina bed and breakfast?
Sure, could I get the address please?|138 perne road is the address. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a train from cambridge to stevenage on Friday. I need to arrive by 08:15.|Thank you for being so informative. I have two trains available. Both will get you there before 08:15. One leaves at 05:21 and the other at 07:71. Which do you prefer?
I will take the 5:21. Can you please give me the travel time, train ID, and price?|The travel time of the 5:21 is 49 minutes, arriving at 6:10. Train ID is TR2515 and the price is 12.80 pounds. How many tickets?
I don't want to book at this time, just the information. So that's all thanks!|Glad I could help. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|I've got 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, what part of town would you like to stay in?
The part of town does not matter but I would like a 4 star rating and free wifi.|I think you would like the Acorn Guest House.  It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Can you confirm that it has a 4 star rating and free wifi?|yes and would you like me to book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
While in Cambridge I would really like to know where to find a place to eat called meghna.|Meghna is in the west, address 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, postcode cb43lf.
Excellent. Can you book that for me please?|What day and time would you like to make a reservation on and for how many people?
Scratch that, I'll book it myself. Now I just need to find a place to stay, a hotel with a 4 star rating.|I have many 4-star hotels. Is there a certain area of town you're looking in, or perhaps a particular price range.
Yes I would prefer that it's in the west. And I need free parking. That is a hotel style correct?|I have two hotels that fit your request.  One is cheap and the other is expensive.  What is your price range?
I would like a 4 star rating, but price doesn't really matter.  What are the prices?|One is expensive and one is cheap in the 4 star rating.
I would like the phone number and the address of the expensive one.|The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel  is located at Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, with a phone number of 01480446000.  Would you like to book it?
No thank you, Would you book a taxi for me? I want to be picked up at Meghna and leave by 10:15. I would like the Contact Number and Car Type.|Where is your desired destination?
The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel where I will be staying.|I have booked you a red toyota taxi. The contact number is 07193902205
I also need the phone number for the restaurant that you booked for me, the Meghna.|The phone number to Meghna is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much for all of your help today.|No problem! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are 21 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the centre please.|May I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast. They are a four star guesthouse in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
That sounds like exactly what I need.|They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road and their phone number is 01223525725. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes.  I would like to book for Tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.|You have a reservation for 2 people for 3 nights, starting Tuesday at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is : H3PIALJO. Can I assist with something else.
I am also looking for the Restaurant "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway". Do you know it?|I found the good luck Chinese food takeaway is in south side of the town and price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes for Tuesday at 14:00 on Tuesday please.|How many people will join you?
It will be for two people. I will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. I need the contact number and car.|Is there a certain time you want to leave?
Sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?|Sorry, yes, the reference number for the restaurant is STX7467S.
That is everything that I need.|We thank you for using our services.  Goodbye.
I would like to go to an expensive Italian restaurant for dinner.|which area of town are you interested in dining in?
The centre is my preference.  Thank you.|I have four places fitting that criteria. Would you like me to book one?
Can you tell me the names of those four?|Sure, stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, caffe uno.
book for me Sure. a table for 8 people at 11:45 on wednesday and get me the reference number|Which one would you like me to book it for? Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, or Caffe Uno?
Please book clowns cafe.|I've made those reservations your reference number is WIPPGG4I.
I also need an expensive hotel to stay at. Can you help me find one?|What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay near the restaurant if possible. Oh and they should have internet please.|I'd recommend the Gonville Hotel. It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
yes and could i have the postcode please|Their postcode is cb11ly. If you want to make a booking, then I need to know what day you'd arrive, how many nights you'd stay, and how many people.
Does it have internet?|Yes it does.
Great and can I get a taxi to commute between the two places.|I would be happy to find a taxi for you. I just need to know when you want to leave by and when you would like to arrive.
Just make sure I get to the locations by the booked time.|Lets finish your hotel booking first, okay? How many rooms will you need and for how many nights? Beginning which day?
I don't need a booking, thanks. I do need a taxi going from the hotel to the restaurant though.|I'll need to know when you need to be picked up or dropped off.
11:45 as discussed above.|The taxi has been booked the contact number is 7384967913. The type of car is blue lexus.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
I'm looking for architectural attactions in the centre. Can you recommend one?|There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre: all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church, old schools. Would you like more information on one?
Could I get the phone number and address for holy trinity church?|Yes,  the phone number is 01223355397 and it is on market street.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also wanting to find a place to stay. Although, I will need something with free parking. I can't afford to pay extra at some place that charges extra.|I'm showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the area, all have free parking.  Might I suggest the gonville hotel?  It's on gonville place and is expensive and nice.
Are any of these accommodations a 0 star?|The El Shaddai guesthouse is a 0-star, cheap place.
Does it have free wi-fi? I can't afford to pay extra for that, either.|It does indeed have free wifi for you.  Would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me what area the El Shaddai is located in?|El Shaddai is located in the centre area. I can go ahead and book that for you if you'd like.
No thanks, that's all I need for now.|Okay. Have an awesome day!
Is there any expensive seafood restaurant in town?|Yes, there is an upscale seafood restaurant called Loch Fyne which is centrally located.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
can i get a booking for 8 people at 19:45 on Friday? send me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : J5Q03QCS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does not have to have the internet, thanks for your help.|We have just the place. The alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star place that is located in the north. Will that be okay?
No I need a hotel in the West. Can you search again please?|Unfortunately there are no 3-star hotels in the west area.
Are there any hotels that fit that description with free wifi without three stars?|We have just the place. The huntington marriott hotel is a 4 star place with wifi that is located in the west. Will that be okay?
Sure as long as they have free parking as well. Can you give me the address and phone number please?|There is free parking. The phone number is 01480446000, and the address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook. Will that be all for today?
I also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by 19:45|Sure thing! I've booked a yellow Tesla for you. If you need it, the contact number is 07855855225. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 19:45. Can I get a contact number and type of car the taxi would be?|The car is a yellow Tesla. The contact number is 07855855225.
Thank you very much for all of your help today.|You are welcome very much. Thank you for using our service.
I need a train leaving after 18:15 departing from birmingham new street|OK, and what day are you traveling?
Friday. I'll be heading to Cambridge.|Train TR8903 departs for Cambridge on Friday at 18:40.  Will this work for you?
Yes, that works - could you book 3 tickets please. Also, what is the reference number.|I have booked the 3 tickets for you. The reference number is WGU9CZ1C.
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay. It does not need to have free parking and doesn't need to include internet.|I believe the Alpha-Milton Guest House might meet your needs. It's moderately priced in the north, 3 stars, with no internet or parking. Would you like more information?
Is it in the centre?|No I'm sorry alpha-milton guest house is in the north. Do you need something in the centre?
I suppose the north will work for me.|Alright, would you like me to book you a room at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Yes please. Make sure to send me the postcode for the hotel.|The postcode for the Alpha Milton Guest House is cb41xa. How many guests will be staying in your party and how many days? When will your stay begin?
I don't need to book right now. I just needed to know the postcode and the hotel type please. Can you confirm those?|Certainly! It is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb41xa. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I decided that I do need a hotel in the centre.|I have 3 results for hotels in the centre area. Would you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
I don't car, but I'm not bringing a car or computer so I don't need parking or internet. Which ones don't have those?|I recommend the Gonville Hotel. It is an expensive 3-star hotel in the center. I can book a room there, if you like.
That's not necessary. Thanks for the help!|You are welcome.  Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Nope, I think I'm all set.|Thank you for using this system!
I am looking for an expensive restaurants in the west side of town.|fantastic, i have nine options for you
Do any of them serve European food?|cambridge lodge restaurant does.can i book for you?
No, but I'd like the address if you can give it to me.|It is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thanks!  I'll also be needing a place to stay.  A hotel in the south, preferably also in the expensive range.|the lensfield hotel is a 3 stars and is located in the south
no i wanted a 4 star hotel|unfortunately, i don't have anything in that area that has a 4 star rating.
Could you check in the north maybe?|I do not have any in either area. Would you like to change or restate your perimeters? Then I can check again.
Try the west, I meant to say that instead of north.|There is the huntingdon marriott hotel would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting from monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : NIJ5L29I. May I help with anything else ?
No thank you, that will be all.|Have a good day.
Could you give me some information on a hotel named el shaddai?|Lovely guesthouse. It is in the centre and is very cheap. It has 0 stars but it does offer internet and free parking!
I would like to make a booking for wednesday.|How many people would you like to stay, and how many nights from wednesday?
The booking is for just one ferret for 5 nights.|I"m sorry I don't understand you have a pet?
No, that was a typo.  1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.|Sorry, it's all booked up. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Try 3 nights, please.|Okay, you're all booked for Wednesday, for three nights. The reference number is 0X2R39XC. Anything else today?
i am also looking for a taxi leaving the hotel at 04.30 get me the contact number and car type please.|whats your destination?
The hotel please from the swimming pool|Am I correct that you will be leaving Parkside Pools to go to El Shaddai?
No. I would like to leave El Shaddai at 04:30 to go to the swimming pool|Okay.  I booked a yellow audi with contact number 07650378763.
Terrific.  Thanks for all your help.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service today.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?|Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.|Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.|i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday sometime after 16:15.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : A16QWFWX. is that fine with you?
yes and thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse.|There are several guesthouse moderately priced. What part of town would you like it?
I am not particular as long as it has free parking and free wifi.|I have the Arbury Lodge guest house on the east side. Shall I reserve it for you?
That would be great.  There will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on Saturday for 2 nights.|I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Should I try another hotel?
Yes one in the same price range.|Okay I was able to book you at The Archway House and your reference number is JM5G0862.
Thanks so much.  I won't be needing anything else right now.  Bye.|Okay. I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
Yes I am looking for a college to visit. Can you help me?|Well Christ's college is quite famous and is free to enter.
That sounds nice. Can you please give me the address, including the postcode?|It is located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would also like to find a place to stay, expensive price range, but with free parking.|There are 5 hotels that meet this criteria. What part of town would you prefer to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything in the north that is expensive. Is there another price range or area I can try for you?
How about a moderately priced one?|There are 9 moderately priced hotels to choose from. Any other requirements to narrow down your choices?
Do any of the hotels offer free parking?|there are five guesthouses that have free parking.
I'll take the highest rated one of those. I need 4 nights starting Tuesday for 7 people, please.|I have booked you in the highly rated Acorn guest house for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.  The reference number is FK8743UH.  Is there anything else I can help with
Yes. I'd like to book a taxi to get there.|Absolutely, what time would you like to depart from the college?
I would like to leave Christ's college by 19:00.|Great I got a white skoda phone number 07971687645
Thank you for your help.Bye.|Have a great day!
I do need some information.  I'm looking for a place to stay.|Which area of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price preference or any other essentials?
No specific area or price range. I would like a four star guesthouse with wifi.|I recommend the Allenbell. It's 4 stars, but cheap! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, if you can book for 4 people for 5 nights starting wednesday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XRWYCWBT.
I  also need information on a particular attraction called the Gonville and Caius College.|Yes they are on trinity street in the centre of town.  Postcode is cb21ta and phone is 01223332400 if you are partial to chatting on the tele.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
yes all I need now are the entrance fees|There entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book a taxi for me from the college to the Allenbell?  I want to leave the college by 5:30.|sure thing all set you will be riding in style in a white bmw contact # is 07606742990, anything else?
Great! Thanks! That's all I needed.|Great.  Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|Okay, there are a lot of places that might work for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the east and also need free parking.|I found 5 hotels for you! The Allenbell looks nice, would you like to book that?
Is the Allenbell a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Allenbell is a low cost guesthouse.
Okay, I don't need any more information about that. I am interested in a restaurant located near the hotel.|There are several restaurants in the east what type of food would you like?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I would like a moderately priced restaurant.|Rajmahal is a nice moderate price restaurant around there serving Indian food. Does that sound good? I would be happy to book a reservation for you.
Great can you make a reservation for 1 person at 19:45 on monday?|It is booked then. Could I try another day or another time?
Can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 18:45 on Monday?  I just need a small table for one.|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is Q2G0OHLC. Can I help you with anything else?
I could also use a taxi that can get me from the Allenbell to Rajmahal. I need to get to the restaurant by 18:45.|I booked you a red tesla taxi, the contact number is 07912598182. Anything else I can help you with?
No, you have done quite a bit for me today.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hello! I'm looking for the hotel called Cityroomz.  Can you give me some information, please?|Sure.  Cityroomz is located in the centre at sleeperz hotel, station road.
phone number and postcode please and thank you|The phone number is 01223304050 and the postcode is cb12tz.
Thank you for your help.|Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to eat in the west area.|Are you interested in a certain cuisine or price range?
Are there any British restaurants in that area?|There are three! Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive?
I do not have a preference on price range.|Okay. Well, I've heard great things about Graffiti. How about that?
That sounds great, do you have a number for Graffiti? What's the price range?|Graffiti's phone number is 01223277977. It's in the expensive price range. Do you want me to make a booking?
No but I do need a taxi and need it at restaurant by 03:15.|Okay, I will do that. Will you be picked up at the hotel?
No, I'll be heading from the restaurant to the hotel.|yellow honda
Contact number	:	07467571080
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thats all and thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I would like it to have free parking.|Does location or price range matter?
No but it would also need free wifi.|We have 21 guesthouses all over Cambridge, I can narrow that down further if you tell me what part of town you're interested in
I need the North part of town|How about the acorn guesthouse?
has it free parking?|Yes, the parking is free.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure can!  What day are you checking in?
i would like to check in on monday at 5:30|How many nights would you like to stay?
monday and I actually meant 17:30 and for 6 people.  Sorry, things are hectic and im a little scatterbrained.|But how many nights are you staying?
Just one please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2JXK0SQ0. Anything else I can help with?
I would like the contact number an car type.|Sure. Where would you like to go to?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant please.|I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave and what restaurant?
Oh, I seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. Can you look up Taj Tandoori for me?|Sure, their number is 01223412299
I'd like to book a table at Taj Tandoori for 6 people on Monday at 17:30|I have you booked the reference number is JQ0WQ39K. What else can I do for you?
I'll also need a taxi.|Where are you going?
I need to commute between the guesthouse and the restaurant. Make sure it arrives by the booked time and send me the contact number and car type please.|You are set, look for a white tesla, contact number is 	07013573051, any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|There are many moderately priced guesthouses. In which area of town would you like to stay?
I will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse that includes wifi.|My preference would be Arbury Lodge guesthouse. They're in the north, moderately priced, with a 4 star rating and free Internet. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great thank you.|Which day and for how long will you be staying?
There will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes can you please?|Okay your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is VVJWU2MQ.
I also need a train to bishops stortford on friday.|Alright and where are you departing from and do you have specific arrival or departure times in mind?
I'm departing from Cambridge and want to leave after 17:45.|TR5965 leaves at 19:29 and costs 10.10 pounds per seat.  Can I buy a ticket for you?
no thanks. i just needed the information. thanks. bye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge with free wifi.|There are many places located in Cambridge that meet your criteria. Do you mind narrowing your search preferences?
Yes I need a hotel in the East and 2 stars with free wifi.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is the only options fitting your preferences. Would you like me to reserve a room?
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on Thursday|You are booked for Express by Holiday Inn for 3 nights starting Thursday night. Your reference number is LEHR9ZYQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any multiple sports attractions in the centre area?|Unfortunately, no. Are there any other attractions you are interested in?
Oh no, ok. What about a college?|There are more than a few colleges in that area - would you like to avoid the ones with entrance fees?
Sure. Could you give me the postcode and phone number of a free one?|Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap, phone 01223334200. Can I help with anything else?
Great can I also get a taxi between the hotel and emmanuel college? I want to leave the attraction by 19:15 please.|I've successfully booked a taxi leaving Emmanuel College at 19:15 -- it'll be a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07103614017 if you have any issues.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes thank you so much.|You are welcome, if you need anything else, just contact us we are always happy to help.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi please.|i recommend allenbell  01223210353
Okay that sounds great! Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Does the allenbell have free parking?|Yes, it does offer free parking
I would like to make a reservation for 5. Book it for 4 nights starting this Wednesday|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is 6AG8HV72.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any architecture attractions near the centre?|I have 5 architectural attractions in the centre. If I may, I would suggest All Saints Church. They offer free entrance.
cool, what's their phone number?|All Saints Church's number is 01223452587.
Can I get their address as well?|The address is jesus lane. Can I get you any other information?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Okay, have a great day!
Hi, I will be in Cambridge soon and need a place to stay that has free parking.|I have 29 results for places to stay with free parking, what area are you looking to stay in?
I am not particular about the area but it should be a hotel and 0 stars please.|Unfortunately, I do not have any matches for your request.
How about a guesthouse with free parking and 0 stars?|There are 2 options for guesthouses with 0 stars and free parking, the City Centre North B and B, and the El Shaddai
I'd like to book El Shaddai, 3 people for 4 nights, starting from Tuesday.|Unfortunately, the hotel was unable to accommodate that stay. We can try fewer days, or beginning on a different day, if you like.
Let`s try the beginning of a different day than.|Sorry, I'm afraid a different day wouldn't work, either. Perhaps you'd like a shorter stay?
How about 3 nights, then?|I was able to book your party for a 3 day stay starting on Tuesday.  Your reference number is TJ4K62L2.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train leaving after 9:15 on Tuesday from Kings lynn to Cambridge.|There are 14 options. When would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter.  I just need to leave Kings Lynn after 9:15.|TR1704 will have you there by 10:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much will that cost me. I am on a budget.|9.80 pounds. I can book that for you, if you like.
Thank you but I will book it myself.  This is all I needed, you were great thanks again!!|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.|There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.|There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, I would appreciate it if you would book that.|Can you tell me the day, number of nights and how many guests please?
Our stay will start on Tuesday for 4 nights. Our party includes 8 people.|Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is DB9C3OVK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Will you need a restaurant booking or attraction information? I can also help with transportation.
no that will be all.|Thank you and have a great day.
I am planning a trip and need information on a particular attraction.|Do you know the name of the attraction?
I would like information about Cherry Hinton Water Play, please.|Sure, it's located in the east and is on cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. The postcode is cb18dw. It's also free admission.
i also need a place to stay|Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yeah I'd like to stay in the south.|Do you have a price range or preferred star rating?
should have a star of 4.|rosa's bed and breakfast is in the south and it's a 4 star hotel. Should I book it?
Yes. Book for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 10GCABIO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi from the attraction to Rosa's B&B by 02:30?|Alright, you're booked! The car will be a yellow Lexus, and the contact number is 07345849347. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's it.  Thank you.  You've been a great help today.|It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I am looking for a certain hotel.  I think that it is called something like Allenball|Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Do you know if they offer free parking?|Yes, Allenbell has both free parking and internet and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
not today. i also want information about a place to go and should be in the west|There are 13 great places you could visit. Do you have a particular attraction in mind? I would recommend a museum.
A museum sounds fun can I have the phone number and postcode for the one you recommend?|Sure.  How about Cafe Jello Gallery.  The postcode is cb30af and phone number is 01223312112.
Thanks, can you also book me a taxi?|Sure! Where do you need it to go and when will you need it?
To commute between both places, I want to leave the hotel at LEAST by 21:45.|Please look for a grey Audi.  The contact number is 07213476873.  What else can I help with today?
Okay thank you, that's all I needed.|You're welcome. Let me know if you end up needing anything else.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 4|What area of town would you like?
preferably the north side of town or somewhere near a shopping center|Great, I have found several guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels  in the north side that are rated 4 stars. Would you be interested in something like that?
I would prefer a hotel, is there one that has free wifi?|The University arms hotel sounds like something you'd like!
That sounds great. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Sure! The address is regent street	and the postcode is cb21ad.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
Yes, hello. I'm trying to find a particular museum, can you help me with that?|Yeah, I've got access to a complete and comprehensive list of all the museums in Cambridge. Which one are you looking for?
I am looking for the museum of archaelogy and anthropology.  If you find it I'll need the area, phone and postcode please.|Sure, it is in the town centre with a postcode of cb23dz.  You can call them at 01223333516.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you find me somewhere to stay in the East part of town?|There are seven places to stay, could you tell me a price range or other criteria for your stay?
I am looking for a place with free parking and wifi|Alright, you have six options: three cheap, two moderate, and one expensive. Would you like more information?
I think the expensive one will do nicely. May I have the postcode, hotel type, and phone number please?|It is a hotel. The post code is cb13lh and the phone number is 01223866800.
That's all I need.  I'll call an Uber.|Sounds good. Let me know if there's anything else you need.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|You're in the right place! What can I help you with.
I want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from Broxbourne.|And where will you be leaving from and what time and on what day please?
I need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 20:00 on thursday|There are four trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge that night, every hour starting at 20:32. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, I need 5 tickets please.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 89.5 GBP which can be paid at the station. Your reference number is STB4RJ95.
Thanks! I'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the north.|acorn guest house would suits your needs. Can I get you a booking?
Yes, I would like to book it.|How many nights would you like to book it for? And will this be for 5 people?
Yes, for 5 people and for 2 nights please.|starting on what day please?
Starting on thursday night please.|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Thank you I appreciate it.|Those days are booked would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you check one more time?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : GVD2TJSE.
It's about time, thanks.  That is everything I need.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
Nope, that will be all for now, thanks!|Have a great day.
One moment i need to located a hair salon near the hotel can you assist me?|Sorry I could not find  a salon nearby.
That's fine I didn't actually need one. I don't need anything else. That's it. Thanks and bye!|I'm glad I could help you today. Goodbye.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.|I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.|Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range.|How about the a and b guest house?
Does it have free parking?|No, it does not offer that. Would you like something that does?
Yes.  I need free parking, and I prefer the southern part of town.|ok, I have a couple that meet that criteria. Would you like 3 or 4 stars?
I have no preferences. You can just pick one. I'd like it for 7 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|This is unavailable would you like to book a shorter stay or a different day?
How about 3 nights for the same day and number of people?|Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Bridge Guest House with reference number AH7L4RXZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a train out of Peterborough into Cambridge, please.|When do you need that train?
I need it for Saturday and I want to arrive by 18:15.|TR4494 will depart at 17:19 on saturday and arrive by 18:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Can you book 7 tickets on that train? I'd like a reference number if possible.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8JPQ3AQT.
Great!  You have helped me tremendously.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!|Let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
Can you help me find a train departing from leicester leaving on wednesday?|We have 19 trains from leicester to cambridge by the hour starting at 05:09, do you have a time in mind?
I'm fine leaving any time, as long as I arrive by 12:15.|TR3404 will arrive by 11:54. Do you require more information or would you like to book now?
Great can I get the departure time?|The departure time is 10:09 from leicester. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called the Allenbell.|The Allenbell actually isn't a hotel. It's a guesthouse.  It's located in east Cambrige. It's located at 517a coldham lane
Oh nice, what postcode is that?|The post code is cb13js. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks. I just needed information. I'm all set now.|thank your and enjoy your stay in cambridge
Hi I need to find a restaurant in the Centre part of Cambridge that falls in the moderate price range, can you give me some suggestions please.|There are several Italian, European, and Chinese restaurants in that area, would you like one of those options?
A reservation at any will do. Please reserve a table for 3 at 19:15 on sunday.|Lan hong house would be a good choice for Chinese. I will book that for you. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : US2BCO6D.
I am looking for a place to stay in an expensive price range. I don't need any free parking.|I have 5 hotels in the expensive price range, would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, I just want it to be a hotel type and not a guesthouse.|Great, both university arms hotel, and huntingdon marriott hotel are four stars. Can I book one of these for you?
Book the Huntingdon Marriott please.|Certainly, I'll just need the arrival and departure date as well as how many people will be staying.
Arriving on Saturday and departing on Monday, please, for two adults. I'll also need the phone number, postcode, and internet availability with my confirmation number, please.|The phone number is--01480446000 The postcode is--pe296fl. Yes internet is available.
Great, thanks a lot for your help!|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should have free internet and parking.|I can look that up for you!  Did you have a particular area you wished to stay in or other important criteria?
I'd like a place that is cheap but still has free wifi and free parking. Do you have a place like that?|The Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west and has a 4-star rating. They offer both free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, thanks. I would like the postcode to that hotel, please.|The postcode on that hotel is cb236bw. Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any cinemas?|Unfortunately, there are no cinemas in the west. Can I try another area?
Yes, please try the centre.|I have the Vue Cincema in the centre.
That will work as that is also close to me! Thank you.|Ok, the Vue Cinema is located at the Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any other information about it?
Yes. What are the postcode and entrance fee?|I don't have info on the entry fee, sorry.  Post code is cb11ps.  You can also try calling them at 08712240240.  Anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that is everything I need for now.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|I'm pleased I could assist you.  Goodbye.
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.|We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.|Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.|I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.|Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Can I get something that is expensive.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east. Can I book you any rooms?
Yes, sunday for 4 nights, 8 people.|Your reservation for 8 at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 64O9EZWU. Anything else today?
Just to check, you booked the hotel for the same day as the train correct?|Yes, both the train and hotel have been booked for Sunday. Is there anything I can help you with?
That will be it thanks a lot !|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hello I am seeking a restaurant in the west side of Cambridge to eat at. Please only suggest expensive places.|There are 9 matches. Do you have a food preference?
I would like to eat British food.|I suggest Graffiti. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday.|I was able to book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday.  Your confirmation number is C1555WJL.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay.  Something that is expensive and has free wifi.|There are 5 expensive hotels with free wifi. Do you have a preference of area?
I'm not really set on an area, however, please make sure that they are a 4 star hotel with free parking.|Then I suggest  the huntingdon marriott hotel. It is on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like for me too book it?
Yes please.  Book it for he same group of people and 3 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is: VJ7YQQS7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a taxi to get to the hotel after the restaurant|When would you like to leave the restaurant?
Wait, I want it to go to the restaurant by 15:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07237462964
Thank you so much for all the help!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hello I am looking for a hotel on the west side of town. I'm not picky about wi-fi.|I have two hotel that match your criteria.  Do you have a price range?
I don't have a price range at this time, but I am wanting to stay in a guesthouse.|Hobsons House may suit your needs, it is a guesthouse located in the West with a moderate price point. Would you like more information?
Yes please I would welcome that.|Would you like me to book it?
Does the Hosons offer free wifi? If so I would like to book it|yes it got wifi. how many people do i book for?
Book for 2 people, 5 nights, and we will arrive on Thursday.|Booked! Reference number: MP53R6QP.
We are looking for an expensive panasian restaurant and prefer it to be in the same area as the hotel. Any suggestions?|I'm sorry but there does not seem to be any expensive panasian restaurants located on the west side.  Would you like to try to search for something else?
Yes, could you see if there are any restaurants that serve French food?|I have two French restaurants in town. Both are expensive. One is in the north, and the other is in the centre of town. Which would you like?
Either one is fine I need a reservation for 2 on Thursday at 12:30.|i booked the one in the north. Reference number is : WSIGR4PK.
Thank you, that's all I needed.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.|Its a moderately priced four start hotel with internet. Do you need any more info?
Can you book it for me?|Yes. When would you like me to book it for and how many people?
I would like to book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday for 5 people|Your booking was successful and reference number is H14BC8TI. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yeah, I need a train to get to Cambridge by 13:45.|Okay what day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
Hello, are there any centrally located hotels in Cambridge with free parking?|There are a few hotels that meet your criteria. Would you be interested in the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It has four stars with cheap prices.
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.|There are 2 hotels in the expensive price range. One has 3 stars and one has 4 stars.
Let's go with the 4 star option. I'd like to book it for two people and three nights starting from thursday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter day?
Please try to book a 1 night stay.|The booking was successful at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference number is: E7AK16IK. Would you like the phone number?
I also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and serve north american food.|The only result in your area meeting that criteria is Gourmet Burger Kitchen in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please book the restaurant for me.|Not a problem. For what time and day will that be for?
I changed my mind. I will go ahead and book it myself. But, can you please provide me the address and postcode. Thanks.|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
Could you book me a taxi please? I would like to leave the restuarant at 20:15 and go back to the hotel.|I have successfully booked you a taxi! You will be driven in a Black Toyota and the contact number is 07914565807. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|No problem. You have a good day now!
Thank you. I just happen to be looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be located west and it doesn't need to have free parking or anything like that.|I have 33 hotels that  match your requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
I definitely prefer something on the cheap side of things.|Both Finches Bed and Breakfast and The Cambridge Belfry might suit you, they're cheap but rated 4 stars. Would you like to book at one of them?
Sure but can I think I want one with free parking.|They both have free parking,would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a five star hotel with free parking and breakfast.|I can book you at the cambridge belfry hotel. It has 4 stars on the west side and is cheap. Would that be good?
Yes thats fine. I need it for 4 nights starting monday. There will be 5 of us.|I'm sorry I was unable to book that hotel. May I try another one in the same price range for you?
Yes please do that.|There is the Finches Bed and Breakfast would keep you on the same side of town but it is a guesthouse. Will this work for you?
Yep. I think that will work. Please book it. I need a reference number.|The finches bed and breakfast was available.  4 nights starting from Monday for 5 people. Your reference number is  6VBU1SFI. Would that work for you?
Yes. Thanks so much. That is great.|Thank you for using our service today.
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. It should be a guest house.|Thank you.  There are many guesthouses to choose from.  What is your price range and what area would you like?
I'm looking in the moderate price range and should be located in the centre.|I am not showing any guesthouse in the centre area in your price range. Would you like to try another type of hotel or area?
What is available in the centre?|We don't have any guest houses in the centre. How about a hotel? Or an expensive one?
Lets try a hotel instead.|The Cityroomz hotel is in the moderate price range and in the centre. It also has internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No just the postcode and phone number will be fine. I need to find a french restaurant in the centre as well.|The postcode is cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050.
I need a french restaurant in the same area as well.|There's one restaurant called Cote, but it's expensive. Would this be fine?
Yes and can I get the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223311053.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge.  I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough.  Can you give me some times?|Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day.  Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?
I want to arrive at or a little before 12:15, please.|TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09.  Would you like to book seats on that one?
How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.|My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.
I am also looking for a hotel called Archway House.|Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LMABMGNI. Do you need anything else?
No thank you. That's it.|Alright. Have a great day.
Are there any moderately priced hotels that have free parking, or do they all charge extra for that?|Yes, there are actually 14 moderately priced hotels with free parking. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place on the westside.|The Hobsons House is located in the west in the moderate price range.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Okay great, your reference number is W1YEMRMR. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you! I also need a train going to cambridge.|I'd be happy to help you narrow down the train schedules. Where will you be traveling from, and on what day and time?
I will leaving leicester the same day and I need to leave after 13:30.|I have one from leicester to cambridge called TR1492 leaving at 14:09 on Sunday. It's 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Also could you provide me the reference number for that?|Will you be travelling with the same 7 people?
We will all be traveling together, therefore yes it will be for all of us.|You and your passengers are booked on the train. Your reference number is QEAJK6UR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service, have a great day.
Thanks to you for help me with all these bookings.|You're welcome, come back anytime. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP.
I am looking for information on a nightclub in the south.|I have one listing for a nightclub called,"the place".
Okay. Could I get the address, postcode, and phone number for that one?|It is located on 22 Sidney Street.  The phone number is 01223324600.  Can I be of further assistance?
i need the postcode too|it is located on Sidney Street and the postcode is cb23hg
I need car type and contact number|Ok i will find you one and send you.thanks
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that includes free parking.|I have ten different possible locations for you that are cheap and have free parking. Is there anything else to narrow down your selection, such as area?
Do any of those offer free wifi as well?|Yes, all of them include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
The area does not matter to me, but I need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 4 days beginning this Sunday.|I'm sorry but it looks like all the hotels are booked on those days. Would you like to change the start date or number of days?
Would I be able to book for two nights?|Yes. I have you booked at Alexander Bed and Breakfast for two night for 6 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is MTXCH8MN.
Are there any nightclubs in the east side of town?|There are no nightclubs in that part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a museum in the east instead?|There are four museums in that area: Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.  Do any of those sound interesting?
Yes, may I have the phone numbers to those museums?|Sure. Artworks is 01223902168, Museum of Tech is 01223368650, Gallery is 01223295264, and Barnabas is 01223902116. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Have a wonderful day!
looking for arbury lodge guesthouse|Arbury Lodge is located at 82 Arbury Road, in the north area of town. It's 4 stars and moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like a room for 4 nights starting from Sunday. I will also need the reference number please.|Sounds good. How many people should I make reservations for?
just one person please.|I have made your reservation for 1 person, for 4 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is RX0F3K8S. Is there anything else I can do for you?
thanks. i'm also looking for some places to visit around town.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a college in the centre please.|great, i have 13 you could visit!
Wow!  That's one smart place.  Pick one that you like!|gonville and caius college is my favourite. can i give you their contact?
Yes please give me their entrance fee and phone number.|gonville and caius college has a free entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi between them that leaves the hotel by 12:30.|you have been assigned a white skoda and the contact is 07605405449. what else do you need?
Thanks so much for the information. Good day!|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a museum in Cambridge. What museums are there?|The broughton house gallery is a museum in Cambridge's centre. Was there a particular side of the city you would like?
I didn't have an area preference so that works.|Very good. They are at 98 King Street, CB11LN. Their phone number is 01223314960, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a room in a 2 star hotel.|There are 3 hotels that have 2 stars do you have a price range or an area you want to stay in?
A hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|I recommend the Ashley Hotel. It's a nice little place on the north side of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need to for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is AABMC4EP. Will that be all?
I also need to get a taxi to leave the attraction by 21:30. I need a contact number and car type.|Where would you like to go from the Broughton House Gallery?
yes thats exactly where I want to go|a very cool white tesla will be picking you up contact number is 07558242015
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I am looking for fitzbillies in Cambridge.|There is a fitzbillies restaurant at this address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Awesome. What price range is that in?|it offers British food and it is expensive
What area is that in?|The restaurant is located in the centre, would you like me to book you a table?
Don't book it but can you send me their full contact info?  Thanks.|Here is the phone number 01223352500.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north area with wifi.|Sure.  Were you looking for a specific price range?
Yes cheap please.|There are two guesthouses,in the north, in the cheap price range. Both have wifi and parking. One is 4 stars. The other is 0 stars.
Book 4 star one. For 5 people, 3 nights, Tuesday.|Okay. Your booking at the Worth House was successful. The reference number is 6Z40CANO. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope thats everything thanks|Thank you enjoy the stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for a Mexican restaurant with expensive food.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is very good.  Would you like a table?
Is that in the south area of town?|Yes. Shall I book it?
Yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at 14:30 on Friday?|I've made those reservations and your reference number are  OZZGLCVB.
Thank you. That's all I need today!|Okay I am glad I could be of help. Thank you for calling.
Hey, wait,  just a second! I just remembered, I need a place to stay with 4 stars, preferably a hotel.|There are 3 places available. Do you have an area in mind?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd just like it to be expensive, please?|i have 2 places. the huntingdon marriott hotel and the university arms hotel. which would you like?
i will go with the first. book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y79YGBO7. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks have a nice day.|Thanks, you too.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|We have plenty of information. Would you like to know about restaurants, hotels, trains, or attractions?
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse in the centre.|Yes I have two to choose from. One is rated 4 stars and one is rated 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can you book the 4-star place? There will be 8 of us staying for 5 nights, and we'll be arriving on Wednesday.|I've booked you at alexander bed and breakfast. Your confirmation number is 75OVXX6J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you tell me if theres a train going to cambridge that leaves after 21:00?|There are many trains available. Where will you be departing from and what day do you prefer?
Departing from peterborough and leaving after 21:00|What day will you be departing?
It will be on Wednesday. I will need the price, please?|The fare will be 16.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need right now.|thanks for inquiring with us. welcome all the time
ok cool leave me alone now|Thank you for using our services.
Have you ever heard of alexander bed and breakfast?|Yes I have stayed there many times.  It is pretty cheap but offers free internet and free parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting wednesday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 75UHIUU5.
I am also looking for a train leaving after 08:15 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you are heading to?
I will be departing stansted airport and arriving in cambridge.|I have the TR7667 that leaves at 08:24 available. Would you like me to book seats on that?
Yes, please book it for 6 people.|OK, the booking was successful. The total fee is 60.59 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is AK36XDFI.
Thank you so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I need for now.  Bye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Greetings, I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant to take some clients.|Yu Garden is in the East and expensive. Charlie Chan is Centre and cheap. Also, Jinling Noodle Bar, in Centre, which is moderately priced.
Yu Garden sounds perfect.  Can you reserve a table for 3 for me?  We will be there on Saturday at 14:45.|I will be happy to reserve a table for three for you for Saturday at 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the reference number for our reservation please.|You are all set for Saturday at 14:45.  The reference number is WH1FANWJ.  Enjoy your meal!
I also need a 0 star room, and I will need wifi to be free too.|city centre north b and b ill be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
I will need a room for 4 people and it must be for 4 nights. Can you book a taxi to take me to Yu Garden. I need free parking. Thanks.|City centre north b and b has free parking and wifi. What day would you like your reservations to start?
I want my booking at the b and b to start on saturday|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is 25P0F6NG.  You mentioned you would also need a taxi?
Yes, please. I need to make sure I get from the B&B to the restaurant for that reservation.|Your taxi will be a yellow audi
Contact number	:	07845910981 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your help. That is all for today.|Thanks for letting us help, enjoy your trip!
Thank you and goodbye!|You are welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need to book a room at alexander bed and breakfast and also what restaurants are near there ?|Let first take care of your room reservation. What days would you like to book your room?  I will check for availability.
Could I please get the address, hotel type, and phone number first?|It is located at 56 saint barnabas road, it is a guesthouse, and the phone number is 01223525725.
Great ty so much. I was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves Italian in the north?|There is one place, shall I book it for you?
Is that restaurant in the cheap price range?|Yes, it is Da Vinci Pizzeria and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Is there anything else you need?
i  need to book for 1 people at 13:45 on sunday. remember the reference number please|I have your table reserved. Your reservation number is QYB6YHUQ.
Thank you, goodbye.|Was there anything else you needed today?
Hello, I heard Cambridge has some really awesome Indian restaurants so I'd love to try one of them please. An expensive one.|I have a number of indian restaurants available, do you want to go to a particular area of town?
I would love to dine in the west.|One of the best Indian restaurants in all of Cambridge - Tandoori Palace - is in the west. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 6 at 13:00 on tuesday. Thank you.|Your reference number is 991XH2UA. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the expensive price range with a star of 3|I have two such hotels, one in the center and one in the south. Do yo have a preference?
I prefer something with free wifi. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse and prefer a hotel.|great, there is the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel. in the centre and south respectively.
Do those hotels have free parking?|Both of the hotels have free parking.
Thank you. That's all I need.|May I further help you with booking?
no that is enough for today|Enjoy your visit to Cambridge
I need a train from Cambridge on Tuesday|There are plenty of those! Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm heading to Norwich and need to leave after 11:15 from Cambridge|There are 13 trains. The one that leaves closest to your requested time is the TR5949, which leaves at 11:36. Does that interest you?
Yes, that would be great!  I need 7 tickets, please.  Oh, and the reference number.|I have booked the TR5949 for 7, departing from Cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in Norwich at 12:55. Reference number: UR9DKTIK. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I also need a place to stay.|There are many different hotels in Cambridge, do you have an area or price range in mind?
Is there anything in the south with a star of 4? It doesn't have to have free parking.|Sure, we have two hotels for you aylesbray lodge guest house, and rosa's bed and breakfast. can I book one of these for you today?
Could we try the Aylesbury House?|Alright. What day would you like to stay, how many nights and how many people?
Actually I need more information on the hotels. Does Aylesbury House have free parking?|The train was booked for 7 tickets departing at the correct time and providing the reference number. Also, more info is needed about a hotel.
I still need to know if Aylesbury House has free parking.|The Aylesbray Lodge has free internet and free parking. Would you like a reservation, or perhaps I can give you their contact information?
Yes, please. I will need their address and what price range it is in.|Certainly. This guesthouse is located at 5 Mowbray Road and is in the moderate price range. Is there any other information you need?
That's it, you have been very helpful! Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Thank you. We will.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
You've been extremely helpful. And I hope you have a wonderful day.|Let us know if you need anything else.  Goodbye!
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style. Ideally, I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.|Is there a specific area you would like to stay in? Also, do you need internet and/or free parking?
I would like one with 4 stars please.|There are 11 that match your criteria. We can narrow that down a bit.  Would you prefer the North or the East?
Any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 4 nights starting sunday?|I have you booked at Acorn guest house in north. Starting on Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is ADGSM6SI. Would you like their address?
Thank you. I will not need their address. Goodbye.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Are there any good Scottish restaurants in the centre?|I'm sorry I have no results for a scottish restaurant in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like to try for?
How about italian food?|I have several in the area, is there a price range you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to know what the price range is though, postcode and phone number too please|My favorite is Stazione. It's an expensive place located in postcode cb23nj. Their phone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay, free parking is not required, I would prefer a 0 star rating.|Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the centre with no parking available.  It is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is this hotel in the same area as the restaurant?|Yes they are both located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
That won't be necessary. I need the price range and postcode.|Cityroomz is a moderate priced offering and the postcode is cb12tz.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, everything I asked of you has been met. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Thank you very much, you too.|Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay here.
Thanks for all your help.  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
I need information about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|Okay! I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel?
I will be traveling on sunday.|I have 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday. The earliest leaves at 05:29 and the latest leaves at 23:29. Would you like to book a seat?
I need one that leaves after 17:15|The first one out after that time is TR6742, departing at 17:29. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
Yes, I need two seats please. Can you give me the reference number after they are booked?|Two seats are booked for TR6742. Your reference number is ESM407G4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to find a hotel too.|What are your preferences regarding area, price range and star rating? Or do you have other needs?
it should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 2.|So, I have three hotels in town that have 2 stars and parking. Do you have a preference on cost? I have two moderate and one expensive.
I'm not picky, it just needs to have 2 stars.|I need to know what price range please.
I don't have a preference just 2 stars please.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both moderately priced and in the north, while Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is expensive and in the east. Would you like to book?
The Ashley Hotel sounds good. I need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting Tuesday.|So you'd like me to book the guesthouse Tues thru Sat is that correct?
No I'd like you to book the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|How many people will be staying?
There will be five of us.|Booking was successful. Is there anything else that you would like?
Yes, can you find me a restaurant for Friday night of that week?|What kind of food would you like?
I'm interested in Asian food.|on the same area?
Oh, never mind the restaurant. I'll book it myself. Did I say 5 people at the hotel? I'm sorry, I meant 2.|Ok, no problem I can change that
Can you provide the reference number?|The reference number is 1BWYJXU9
Thank you that will be all I need.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel or guesthouse that includes free wifi. Can you help me?|Sure thing, looks like we have several options here. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or do you have a price range you're looking for?
I might, but first do they have free parking?|I have 19 places that meet your needs, all with free wifi and free parking. If you're not picky about area, I recommend the Archway House.
Okay sounds great. Can you give me the address, phone number, and price range?|The Archway House is in the moderate price range. Their address is 52 gilbert road. The phone number is 01223575314. Do you need any other information?
Thank you. That'll do it for today, Bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I would like to find a taxi to the centre of Cambridge to an American modern restaurant.  What would you recommend?|With so few details, I can't book you a taxi quite yet.
I would like to book a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday leaving after 14:00.|How about the 14:19 train? It's a 50 minute trip, so you'll arrive at 15:09.
I think I asked for that wrong...I'm sorry. I'd like to go to Peterborough from Cambridge on Tuesday after 14:00.|The first available train that leaves after 14:00 from Cambridge to Peterborough on Tuesday is the TR7727. Would you like to go ahead and book a seat?
Yes, I need it for two people and I need the reference number.  I also need a guesthouse that includes free wifi.|I've booked that for you. The reference number is F5TE3Q1H. As for the hotel, where in the city would you like to stay?
In the north, please.  I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi, it can be 0 star.|City centre north b and b is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located in the north with internet access.  Would you like me to book this location for you?
Yes please. Can you book it for 2 people? We'd like to arrive Thursday and stay for 5 nights please.|I'm not able to secure 5 nights. I can book you for 4 nights 2 people starting on Thursday. Will that work for you?
Yes 4 nights will work, can you book that and give me the reference number?|I have confirmed your reservation at city centre north b and b for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is GKZ1Z5LL. Is there anything else you need?
No that is all. Thank you so much!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Hi I am looking to get some information on autumn house hotel.|What would you like to know?
I'd like to know it's address and phone number.  I'd also like to book it for 6 people, Thursday, for 4 nights.|The address of the Autumn house is 710 Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223575122 and I will make that reservation.
Do you have the reference number for that reservation?|Booking was unsuccessful.
Would you like to find another hotel.
I need a train leaving Kings Lynn and heading to Cambridge.|Ok, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave on Sunday please.|There are many trains that fit your needs on Sunday. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I want to leave after 16:15.|The first train leaving after 16:15 is TR7634 which leaves Kings Lynn at 17:11 and arrives in Cambridge by 17:58. Will this work for you?
What is the total travel time and price?|The price is 7.84 pounds and travel time is only 47 minutes.  Need me to book a ticket?
No thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north. It should include free parking and I need it to be in the moderate price range.|I've found seven that would work. All but one, are rated 4 stars. Would you like a recommendation?
Please. I'll go with your recommendation. I'll need a room for 8 people, two nights starting sunday.|I booked the Acorn Guest House for you.  Reference #: YM7DO6IC.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our system today!
Are there any British restaurant that serve moderate priced food?|There are 5 available. Do you prefer the area of centre or west?
I don't care, just local.|Saint johns chop house is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west of town.
Could you book a table for 8 at 19:45 on Tuesday?|I  found this restaurant. This is at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Thank you. Could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on Tuesday?|Absolutely! Your reference number is T4M08E7A. Anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a place to stay. Is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the west that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.|We have 21 entries that match that criteria. Do you have a further preference?
As long as I can book it for eight people I do not have a preference otherwise|Alright. Let's just try to narrow it down a bit. Does the price range matter?
The price range does not matter. It needs to be a guesthouse and located in the west with free parking.|There are 2 choices that match.  I would recommend Finches Bed and Breakfast as it meets your criteria, is cheap and has 4 stars.  Shall I book it?
Yeah, I've heard good stuff about Finches', could you give me the most earliest available dates for the place? I need to get a reservation as soon as possible please.|What day would you like your reservation and for how many nights? Also, how many guests will there be?
There'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on Tuesday.|How many days would you like to stay?
We will be staying 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, but there are no vacancies at that time. Would you like to try a different day or perhaps a shorter stay?
Would it be available for just one night?|Yes, you're booked for one night with reference number RAHZVKVN. How else may I assist you?
Oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel?|Ok.  A white ford will pick you up at Saint Johns Chop House at 21:45.  The contact number is 07368759455.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
I need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 3.|Would you like it to be in a certain area?
I do not have a preference for an area but I would like it to be in the moderate price range and free wifi.|I have 3. All guesthouses. One is located in the south, the other the north and the last in the west.
I need a hotel not a gueshouse sorry. On tuesday for 2 people for 5 nights please. I am sorry.|In what area please?
Any area would be fine.|What about the gonville hotel in the centre?
Yes please book that and provide me with the reference number.|I'm sorry that wasn't available.  Shall I try the other one?  It is called The Lensfield Hotel and you should enjoy your stay there as well.
Yes please as long as it's in the same price range.|Good news! The Lensfield is available. Your reservation is for 5 nights, starting from Tuesday for 2 people. The reference number is R36NGMC9.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
I'd like to find a 4 star guesthouse, please.|I have found 18 guesthomes that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other specifications you have about the guesthouse (area,price range,etc) that you would like to tell me?
I have to have free wifi|Sure, is there an area you prefer?
It does not really matter. It will be just me starting on Friday for 3 nights.|arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north.  How does that sound?
Yes, book it for me please. Thank you.|Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to shorten your stay or try another place to stay?
What attractions do you have in the south?|We have 8 types of attractions in the south? What type are you looking for?
Hmm, I'm not really sure. Do you happen to have any nightclubs? If not, what are my choices?|The Place is a great nightclub in the south, located at 22 sidney street, post code cb23hg. The phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a room that is close to the nightclub for atleast 1 night up to 3 nights?|The arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range.
Can you give me some information on the Allenbell? It's a hotel.|It is a 4 star hotel that is cheap, and in the east of town. It is a guesthouse type and phone number is 01223210353.
I need it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. I will also need the reference number.|I have successfully booked it for you. Your reference number is I44610JK.
I'm also looking for a museum in the east area. Can you help me find one?|Yes, the Cambridge Artworks is a wonderful museum in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes! Can I have the postcode for it?|Sure, the postcode for cambridge artworks is cb13ef.  Do you need any more information?
Well, I also need to book a taxi.  I want to leave the hotel by 19:30.|Certainly I can help with that, will you destination be  from allenbell?
I want to go to the Cambridge Artworks.|I have booked a taxi for you. A grey toyota with the contact number 07790143125. Is there anything else you need?
No. Thank you very much.|Thank you, please enjoy your stay here in Cambridge. And have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for lodgings that are moderately priced.|I've found several hotels in the moderate price range. Is there a specific area of town you're looking to stay in?
Yes, I'm looking to stay in the north.|I've found 11 possibilities for you. Would you prefer a guest house or a traditional hotel?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi.|How about the Acorn Guesthouse? Free wifi and moderate price range.
I am actually looking for a hotel. Is the Acorn Guesthouse listed in that type?|No, it is not. How about Ashley hotel?
Sure, book me for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Monday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WJFFGVWD.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. good bye.|Good bye, enjoy your stay.
I need train schedule information for Thursdays, please|I can help with that. From where are you departing and to where are you going?
departing from cambridge and arrive by 21:45|There are 168 trains that day. Do you have a destination in mind so I can narrow it down?
I need to go to stansted airport please|I would recommend train TR7966 that leaves at 05:40
That's fine. Please book one seat for me, please.|Success. Your reference number is PMHZ3TJO.
I am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking.|Do you have a preferred area or price range?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 options for you. The first is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. The other is the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel sounds really nice. Could you book us a room there for 2 nights on Tuesday?|How many people will be staying for the booking?
Just one person please|Unfortunately they are booked up for those nights. Would you like to try another night or the University Arms Hotel instead?
Try booking the room for just one night, please.|That worked. I have you booked on Tuesday for 1 night. Your reference number is 7IX0V6NU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you but that's all.|Let us know if you need anything else? Good bye.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south of town|I have 2 chinese, indian, italian and mexican food. Did you have a preference?
Yes, I prefer italian. I really like pizza.|There is one Italian restaurant in the south. It does have an expensive price range. Not sure if it serves pizza though. Would you like the phone number?
Well let's change that to Mexican and I need a reservation for 2 people at 16:30 on Sunday.|Okay, I have you booked at Chiquito Restaurant Bar then. Reference number is : 6OG10PUW.
Ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a hotel called the allenbell.|Sorry I dont have anything with that name.
are you sure? i was literally there 3 weeks ago...|The allenbell is not available.
why is it not? it is there please look again.|I have checked again. The hotel is listed as "Allenbell" instead of "The Allenbell." Would you like to book a stay there?
Yes, I need reservations for the same group of people on the same day as the previous reservation. We will be staying 4 nights.|How many people and on what day was your previous reservation?
2 people on Monday is what I would like.|Ok.  I apologize for the confusion.  I booked the room for you and the reference number is DAQEE9BH.
Thank you, that is all that I need.|Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need a Sunday train. Leaving after 8|I can help with that. Where are you departing from, and where is your destination?
I'm leaving from cambridge to birmingham new street|The first train available from cambridge to birmingham new street departs at 8:01 and arrives at 10:44.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 7 people. Reference number please.|Great! I have you booked for 7 people on TR2968, leaving at 08:01 and arriving at 10:44. Your reference number is IFI48FZ7. Your fee is 420.56 payable at the station.
Can you also look up the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me?|Of course. The alexander bed and breakfast is located at 56 saint barnabas road with a phone number of 01223525725. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks.  I may be back in touch though!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a wonderful trip!
I'm looking for some entertainment in the center of town.|There is no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, but are there any theatres in the center of town?|Sure, there are 4 theatres in the centre of town. I suggest the Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Is there any other information you need?
Yes, could you also give me the postcode and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?|It is not giving me an entrance fee, but the postcode is cb11pt. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Could you help me find a good 4 star hotel?|I have found the University Arms Hotel in town centre, it has ratings of 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Yes, can you book it for three people for one night?|What day would you be arriving?
Actually, could you make sure it offers free parking?  I will need it for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday if there is free parking.|It does have free parking, but I'm sorry to say that I cannot book 4 nights for you. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights?|I was able to book 3 nights, your confirmation code is TRBKGR36
Can you also set up a taxi to take me from Mumford Theatre to the hotel. I want to leave the theatre by 05:00.|Have a good trip!
I'm looking for information on Churchill College.|I'll be happy to assist you. Churchill College is located in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes. What type of attraction is Churchill College? Can you also give me the phone number and the address?|Churchill college is a college, their phone number is 01223336233, and address is storey's way
I'd also like a place to stay in the center of town.|I have 5 different types of places to stay in that area. Do you have any preferences?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced hotel, please. 0 stars would be fine.|I have found a hotel meeting your preferences called cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need a room for one person and I'd like to stay for 5 nights beginning on Thursday.|I'm sorry, but that time is not available. Could we try a different day or stay length?
Can we try for 4 nights please?|Your reference number is 4KU5EHEL.
Thank you. That is all I need!|Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you. I intend to!|Great. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that is going to birmingham new street and leaves after 17:15.|There's a train on that route every day departing at 18:01 that ought to work for you. Do you know what day you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Where will your departure site be?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.  I will need 4 seats.|Great I booked you 4 seats on that train and your reference number is HI8OJSIM.
I also need to get a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and have 3 stars.|Sure, there are a few guesthouses available.  Which part of town would you like to stay in?
West part of town. Thanks|It looks like there is a 3 star guesthouse in the area named Hobsons House.  How does that sound?
Yes, I am searching for a hotel named the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?|I have found the hotel. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 5 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.|I'm sorry, I was not able to book Aylesbray. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes please. I want to stay around the moderate price range though!|I have you booked for A and B Guest House. The reference number is O1UZCJC9. Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using the service. Good bye.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking.|Do you have a preference on area?
No, but I would like a 4-star guesthouse.|We have 9 options, including home from home guesthouse in the north. Shall I book it for you?
That sounds good.  Yes, please book it for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|Of course, how many people will there be?
3 people only.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CM5SEPYO. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|You've come to the right place. What can I help you with today?
I want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, I would like it to be moderately priced, please.|There are quite a few hotels that meet your needs. Is there an area of town that you'd prefer?
No preference. Can you book me a room for 5 nights starting Monday for 1 person and I also need the reference number.|Your reservation at warkworth house for 6 days for a party of 1 was successful. Your Reference number is : J0OZV066.
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge|We have daily service for the route, any preference on day and time?
I need it to arrive by 15:45 in Cambridge on Monday please.|Okay I have a train arriving at 15:35. would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.|My apologies the arrival time is 10 minutes earlier.  I assume that's okay?
Yes that is fine|Okay! For how many people?
It is just for one person and I need the reference number as well.|The booking was successful. The total fee is 17.6 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is SFRAK36V.
Great, thanks so much for your help with this.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:30.|I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book?
I need it for Saturday.|When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?|I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07.   Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.|How about bridge house? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?|It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
I am looking for an expensive hotel in Cambridge with free wifi.|Do you have a preferred location?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the east.|There are no expensive guesthouses in the east, though I do have some more moderately-priced ones. The A and B Guesthouse is very nice.
Hmm, no expensive guesthouses huh? Ok, well how about an expensive hotel room instead?|express by holiday inn cambridge is for you. Their phone number is 01223866800. Shoul I reserve a room for you?
Yes, can you book for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is F9AFSWLA. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. You certainly can help. I need to leave kings lynn to go to go to Cambridge by train.|OK, I have some information for you, will that also be on saturday and what time?
Yes the same day, I'd like to arrive by 14:30.|There are 9 options here. TR7178 arrives by 13:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please do. Just for 1 person. And give me the reference number too.|Alright, your reference number is HYXMZ1UN. Do you need more help?
I'm good to go now actually! Thanks so much! Au revoir!|I'm glad to be of service, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a nice guesthouse to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. Anything with a 4 star rating will do.|The a and b guest house meets your needs. Would you like to book it?
Possibly, does this guesthouse hotel offer free parking and free wifi?|How about Allenbell? This meets all your criteria.
That could work. Where is Allenbell located?|The Allenbell is located in the East area.  Would you like its address?
I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the area that serves vegetarian food.|I'm not finding any cheap vegetarian restaurants. Is there something else you'd like to look for?
What price range do you have for vegetarian food in the centre area?|There are no results for a vegetarian restaurant in any price range in the centre area. Would you like to broaden your search to another area?
Are there any that serve spanish food instead? Preferably in the center area as well.|Yes. We have two restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
I just need the address for one of the restaurants.|The address for La Tasca is 14 -16 Bridge Street.
Thank you. The last thing I think I need is a taxi. To pick me up at the restaurant by 10.00?|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what your destination is from the restaurant.
I need to return back to the hotel from the restaurant.|All right, I have booked you a taxi from the restaurant back to your lodgings. It will be a white volkswagen, and it will arrive to pick you up at 10:00. Is there anything else you need?
Yes I will also need the contact number for the taxi. Thanks|The contact number is 07800878036. Anything else I can do for you?
What is the car type that will be sent?|The car is a white volkswagen. May I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thank you very much!|You are welcome. Have a great day, goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south of town.|The Lensfield hotel should fit your needs perfectly, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating?|Indeed it does. Does it sound like somewhere you'd like to stay?
I do not need any free parking. Is there any expensive  hotel in the south with 3 stars and no parking?|No, there is not.  The only expensive 3-star hotel in the south is The Lensfield Hotel and it has parking.
Okay, I need to book it for seven people 5 nights starting tuesday.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is ALYDOZKZ.
Thank you! I also need to book a train to Cambridge.|There are many options. Could you please tell me where you are travelling from, on what day, and possibly at what time?
I need a train going to cambridge that arrives at 11:30. I will depart from kings lynn.|There are multiple trains that match the criteria you listed. Can you please provide the day you will be traveling on?
I will need that for Tuesday as well.|Train TR1704 leaves kings lynn at 10:11 and arrives at cambridge by 10:58, making the travel time 47 minutes. The cost is 9.80 pounds. Are you interested in booking?
Yes, please book this train for 7 people. I also will need the reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JEQ34OF0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was it. Thanks so much for your help.|I'm glad I could help you with your accommodations and travel needs. Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, I would prefer a hotel in the expensive price range.|We have lots of those. Did you have something a little more specific in mind?
Whatever you'd recommend. I would prefer free parking and wifi, though.|I like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.  Can I get you some more information on that one?
no, let's just book it.|Sounds like a plan.  May please get the number of guests, the day of arrival, and how many nights you will be staying?
I would like it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from monday.|Booking was successful, your reference number is RKEFYHM0. Will that be all?
Can you also find an attraction called Milton Country Park?|Yes it is located at milton country park, milton and the postcode is cb46az
Could you tell me what kind of attraction that is?|Sure. Milton Country Park is a park. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye|Thank you, have a good day.
I've heard some buzz about the Hamilton Lodge. Can you tell me about it?|The Hamilton Lodge is a good hotel, its rated 3 stars and has both internet and parking available. It's at a moderate price point. Their phone number is 01223365664.
I'd like to book this hotel. I need a room for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday. I require a reference number.|I have booked your room, the reference number is HJJD56XE.
Thank you very much for your help.|Thank you and have a great day.
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the Centre of town, please?|Yes the name of the hotel is cityroomz would you like me to book it for you?
Does it  include free wifi|Yes. There is free wifi.
I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights please!|Certainly, when would you like to arrive?
Arriving on tuesday|I was able to book it, the reference number is JC2OYOAS
Alright, are there any moderately priced indonesian places nearby?|I'm sorry, but there are no Indonesian restaurants in Cambridge at any price point.
Okay, let's try Chinese.  Are there any Chinese restaurants in the area that are also moderately priced?|Yes, I would suggest this one jinling noodle bar.
Awesome can I get the address please?|The address is, 11 Peas Hill City Centre, Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok.  I would like to book a table for 8 for tuesday at 15:30|You are all set, the reference number is JT0ZZVVL, can i assist with anything else?
Yes.  I also need a taxi.|I would be happy to help you with that.  Where will you need to be picked up at?
I'd like to be picked up at the hotel and arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Ok fantastic. Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Lexus and the contact number is 07413773624.
Thank you for your help!|Do you need any help with any thing else?
That's all I will be needing today, thank you.|Thank you for choosing our services. Good day!
I need a place to stay. Something moderately priced, with free wifi.|I like acorn guest house.  Need a reservation?
Does the Acorn Guest House also offer free parking?|It does have free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
yes would you reserve andd book it for me with a confirmation number ?|Yes certainly. For how many nights will you be staying and how many people will be staying and when do you wish to arrive?
I need it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PSNFSRQI. anything else i can help you with?
Yes please. I need a restaurant in the north, same price range as the hotel, and serves swiss food.|We don't have any such restaurants in the north. Do you want to search for something different?
Can we try for one that serves Indian food instead?|The Nirala is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the north. Can I book you any tables?
Yes, book a table for 3 at 11:30 on the same day if you can.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1GD9Z858.
Thanks for your help today.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side. Can you recommend anything with at least 2 stars?|The Ashley and the Lovell Lodge are both 2-star hotels on the north side. Both are in the moderate price range. Would you like more information on one of those?
Do either of them have free parking. Are they a type of hotel?|Yes, both are hotels with free parking. Would you like me to book one of them?
No thank you but can you give me the address and phone number for Lovell Lodge.|Sure their address is 365 milton road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers everything.  Thanks!|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I need to find a restaurant in the south to dine at that serves New Zealand food. Can you help?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding a restaurant in the south that serves New Zealand food.
What about a Mexican food restaurant also in the south part of town?|Yes, there is Chiquito Restaurant Bar, which is an expensive Mexican place in the area.  How does that sound?
That sounds good.  Please book a table for 1 people at 13:15 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2RJ7AU7V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a hotel. It needs to have 2 star and be of a moderate range with free parking.|I have two such entries. Both are hotels in the north. There is the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
I will try the Lovell lodge. Will you book a room for me starting on Monday for 3 nights, please? I am traveling alone.|There is a known system glitch within dialogue systems where some things cannot be booked, the hotel can be reached at 01223425478, I apologize any other questions today?
That will be all then, thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Yeah, hi. I could use some help finding something priced kind of moderately to stay at this weekend.|Certainly, we have many moderately priced hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I would like something north.  I also need free WiFi.|That narrows it down a bit. Do you need free parking, or is there a particular star rating you'd like?
Free parking is great but not required. The star rating isn't important.|We have 10 listings but only 2 of them are hotels, rest are guesthouses. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need a place with room for a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning Thursday.|All right, I've booked you a room at the Avalon guesthouse. The reference number is S6DQRXZ2.
Awesome.  That's all I needed.  Thanks.|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
i want to check out a museum|I have 23 museums.  Can you help me narrow what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter but can you recommend one and give me their address?|My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery, located at 98 King Street.
What is the entrance fee there?|Admission is absolutely free!
Sweet!. Can you give me informatin on a place called home from home?|It's a guesthouse in north, 4 stars, moderate price.
Thank you! Can I also have the address, please?|its address is 78-80 Milton road
Great.  Thanks!  I also needed to find a taxi, can you assist me with that?|Where would you like to be picked up and at what time?
I would like to be picked up from the hotel by 06:30|Your booking was successful. It will be a yellow audi and the contact number os 0747386590. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all, thanks a lot.|Happy to help, have a nice day.
Thank you, have a nice day!|Contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anymore help. Goodbye!
While in Cambridge I need a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves Spanish food.|La Tasca would be a good choice for you. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes I would like the address and phone number, thanks for your help!|The address for La Tasca is 14 -16 Bridge Street and the phone number is 01223464630. Would you like for me to book you a table?
I just want to confirm. This place has free wifi as well as being 3 star, correct?|Were you also trying to book a hotel today? There are 5 hotels in cambridge that are 3 stars and offer free wifi
Actually, I'd like to confirm that La Tasca is a 3-star restaurant.|Thank you. Have a good day!
Wait please you haven't answered my question.|I'm sorry for the confusion, La Tasca is the restaurant and is not assigned a star rating.
OK, can you find me a place to stay? With a 3-star rating, free wifi, and a moderate price range?|There are 3 hotels that fit your request, what area of town were you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Do any of them have free parking?|Yes, all three have free parking. One is in the north, one in the west and one in the south part of town. Which is your preference?
Which one is in the north area and give me the phone number, please.|Hamilton Lodge is located in the north, and the phone number is 0-122-336-5664.
Thank you for the information. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day.|Glad I could help, goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that offers free wifi. Do you have any of those?|I have several options that meet your criteria. One is in the centre with 0 stars, two in the north with 2 stars.
I am sorry I am actually looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking. Is there any available?|I have not hotels matching your criteria.
Can you locate me a 3 star hotel with parking.|I'm sorry, but I am still not pulling any matches up.
Could you check again? A moderate priced, 4 star hotel or guesthouse, that offers free wifi and parking.|none in our list. can you change location?
Are there any 4 star hotels or guesthouses with free parking and wifi in a different price range?|the university arms hotel is located on regent street and is expensive.
Okay. That will work. I'll need to book it for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people.|I have booked the University Arms Hotel for you for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
please give me the reference number for the hotel|I will get that for you
I'm looking for a moderately priced, 1-star place to stay.|I have many options. Do you have a preference for the area you would like to stay in.
The area doesn't matter. I would like free wifi though, if possible.|Unfortunately we do not have any moderately priced 1 star hotels in Cambridge.  I'm sorry!  Cityroomz has 0 stars in the centre, does that work?
Not really, how about 4 star?|There are several moderate 4-star places to stay throughout town, but they are all guesthouses. Would a guesthouse work for you?
Do they also have free parking?|acorn guest house does have free parking,would you like that one?
Yes. I also need to find a place to dine that is in the center and the same price range as the hotel.|Would you like me to reserve the acorn guest house for you?
No, I don't need a hotel booking at this time. I'd like to find a place to dine on Sunday.|Dojo Noodle Bar is a nice cn I book you a table ?
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.|I have guesthouses in all parts of the city from cheap to moderately priced. Do you have more preferences?
Yes please, I'd like it to be in the cheap price range and I'd also like to stay at a 4 star location.|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west, it's in the cheap price range with 4 stars. Would you like to reserve a room?
Please just give me the address, phone number, and area.|I can certainly provide you with that. Finches is located in the west at 144 Thornton Road. Their phone number is 01223276653. Can I book you a room?
No, I'm also looking for some attractions in town. Any multiple sports attractions located around the centre?|Unfortunately I cannot find any multiple sports place in the center. Do you want to try museum maybe?
well, can I try swimming pool maybe? I'm really sporty!|I found one. There is the parkside pool in the center. Is there anything else I can help?
Yes. Can you please give me their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223446100 and postcode is cb11ly. Do you need anything else?
You have been super helpful. thanks that's all i need.|you have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a particular attraction called funky fun house.|Yes, it is at 8 Mercers row, with a phone of 01223304705.
Can you tell me the address?|8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Anything else you need to know?
Actually, yes. I'm looking for a guesthouse called the arbury lodge.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderate price 4 star guesthouse located north. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Can you help me find a restaurant?|It would be my pleasure. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I would love some North American food!|We have one option, the gourmet burger kitchen, they are in the centre area and the pricing is expensive, can I book you?
Yes, just myself at 11:45 on monday please.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 0X0N3WV0.
Thanks so much.  Can you help me find a place to stay in that area as well?|What area are you looking to stay in?
The south please.|There are a number of options.  Did you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter and I don't need free parking. I'd prefer a guesthouse.|I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house, it is in the moderate price range and four stars. It's on 5 mowbray road, cb17sr. Would you like me to make a bookin gfor you?
Not yet, do they have internet? And what is their postcode?|Yes they have internet and their postcode is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the guesthouse and arrive at the restaurant by 11:45 please. Please include the contact number and car type.|Can you please give me the name of your departure and name of your desination?
I am leaving from the restaurant.|Just to be clear, do you want to be picked up at the gourmet burger kitchen, or is that your destination?
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book.|I also need to know when you want to leave.
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book|Okay, I have you booked in a blue Audi.  The contact number is 07920692950.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything today.|I was glad to assist you today.
I'm looking for an expensive British restaurant.|There are quite a few British restaurants. What area of the city would you like to dine in?
I would like something in the west, if possible.|Of course, the Travellers Rest is in the west at Huntingdon Road City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 3 at 18:30 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is S1NJ8GAC.
I also need a place to stay, the hotel should also be the west area.|What price range do you prefer?
Moderately priced if possible.|The only moderately priced place in the west is Hobsons House guesthouse.
That sounds good, can you book me for that?|sure, what day do you want to start your stay, and how many days do you wish to stay?
For 3 people and for 2 nights, starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, they don't have the availability. Would you like me to try a different day or a shorter stay?
I could also look up a different part of town if you like?|I'm sorry, I tried several other moderately priced hotels in other areas and none of them could accommodate you. Would you be able to travel on another day?
How about an expensive one instead?|How about the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
That sounds like a nice hotel. Is that located in the west? If it is, I would want to book a room there.|Yes, it is indeed in the west.
I need to book it for the same groups, same day as we eat out.|Okay, great. Your reservation is booked! The reference number is S1NJ8GAC.
Great. Thank you very much.|May I help you with anything else for your stay?
No thank you, you were fantastic! Thank you for all the help.|You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
I want to visit somewhere with interesting architecture.|All saints church is available, would you like to try that?
nice, would like to|It is free to visit it's located at jesus lane postcode cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel in the West area, please?|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a popular choice, because it's inexpensive but rated 4 stars. Is a guesthouse okay, or do you need something else?
That will work can you book that for me please?|Could you please provide me with how many nights you are staying, how many people, and what day your stay starts?
I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Can I just get the information for the time being?|Of course. Their address is 144 Thornton Road, post code cb30nd. Their number is 01223276653. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You know, actually come to think of it I really need something 3 star that is in the centre of town instead of the west. Do you have anything?|There is the Gonville Hotel.  It's located in postcode CB1 1LY and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thank you that will be all|fantastic, have a great day!
Can you assist me in finding me an Expensive Restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine? The restaurant should be serving British foods.|sure, i have 6 options for you
I'd like it to be in Centre.|I would suggest midsummer house restaurant it has great food.
Can you make me a reservation for Saturday please for 3 people?|What time would you like to dine on Saturday?
We will be dining at 16:30. Please book a table for 3 on Saturday and provide the reference number. I also need a hotel in the same area.|Alright, I have your restaurant booking. Your reference number is: DHDB0H4V. What are you looking for in a hotel, so I can narrow down the choices?
Something in the same area as the restaurant. It should also be in that same price range.|I've got two expensive hotels in the area. Both have internet and parking. university arms hotel has 4 stars. Does that meet your needs?
Yes, that should be perfect thank you.|Would you like me to book you a room? If so, i will need how many people and nights you will be staying and on what day.
I would like a room for three people, just for Saturday night.|The booking was successful I have  a reference number and the hotel number for you.
Can I have the postcode and hotel type, please?|it is the type of a hotel. its post code is cb21ad. anything else?
I also need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.|I will look a taxi up for you.
Thank you very much! Can you please make sure that it arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?|A grey toyota will be waiting to pick you up, if you have any further questions the contact number is 07137847685.
Thanks so much!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thanks for using our service, good day!
Thanks for all the help.|Anytime, were here to help. Have a good day!
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  There are 2 guesthouses that meet those requirements.  One is a 4 star and one is a 0 star.
i want the one with 0 stars if it has free wifi|It does have free WiFi. Are you ready for me to book the room?
Yes I'd like to book for wednesday, 2 people staying for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is HICMIAVH.
thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for theatres in town.  Do you have a favorite?|Well, there are several. But I like the mumford theatre. It's also in the town centre.
Can I get their postcode and phone number please?|The phone there is 08451962320. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks!|Glad I could help, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm looking for a 4 Star hotel and it doesn't have to include internet.|Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any four star hotels without internet. What about a three star instead?
What about a 4 star located in the east the only has free parking. Internet it doesn't really matter either way|Unfortunately, I am still unable to find any four star hotels with free parking. Would you like for me to check three star hotels?
No I really want a 4 star hotel in the east, how about one with only free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels located in the East at all.  If you like I can either search a different area or search 3 star hotels.
Ok. Are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi?|Not in that area. May I check another area?
What is the most eastern located 4 star hotel?|University arms hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel located in the centre.  Would that work?
Ok, lets go with that then. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 3 people, 2 nights please?|Unfortunately, that hotel isn't available on those dates.  Would you like me to find another 4 star hotel for you?
Yes please.  Please recommend a hotel that is available Thursday for 3 people, 2 nights as far east as possible.|I do have guesthouses available in the east area that are 4 stars, would a guesthouse work or does it have to be a hotel?
As long as it's 4 stars with free parking, any type of hotel works.|All hotels are booked. Is there another day you can book?
There are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Thursday?|No, I've tried all the 4 star hotels in the east. May I check another area or 3 stars?
I really need to stay in the east. Can you check again?|The allen bell is a guesthouse in the east with free wifi and parking, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday. Also provide the reference number|I am sorry.  The Allenbell does not have that available.  Would you like to book another day or try a shorter stay?
Wow this is really confusing. Let's start from the beginning. Can you see if you can find a place to stay in the east with 4 stars and free wifi?|I was not able to book for that date or for that stay. Would  you like to try a different date or number of days?
I want a hotel for 3 people and 2 nights, with free parking. Is there nothing in the city that fits those requirements?|I have Found the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge in the east that has free parking.  Would you like me to book that for you?
At this point I'll take what I can get. Book it.|The booking was unsuccessful, can you pick a different day, or a shorter stay?
Try for one day.|Sorry, looks like they're all booked up. Maybe try a different day?
Can you please try to find me another hotel in the east with at least four stars?|Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Nope, I'll take anything on the Eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or Wifi, booked for  3 people and 2 nights starting from Thursday.|Okay, you'll be at the allenbell and your reference number is 19OO1LBJ.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|Ok, I've booked the Allenbelle guesthouse, 517A Coldham Lane, phone# 01223210353. Reference# RZ2BA37V. Everything is exactly how you'd requested.  Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the hotel. Can you help with that?|I have about 5 different options available for you. Which type of cuisine? I have indian, gastropub, chinese and british.
We're not picky as long as it's on the same day at around 17:00 for 3|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W1EPTI7S. Anything else I can help with?
That was all for now. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a good day!
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's going to bishops stortford from cambridge, what kinds of options are there?|There are about 70 options.  Do you have a particular travel day?
I would like to travel on Thursday and get there before 13:30.|Train TR2929 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Thursday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 12:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people, and I will need the reference number please.|I got 6 tickets for you your reference number is ADZ8DIQ2.
Thanks, I also am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast a friend mentioned.|I found it, it's a cheap guesthouse in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday.|Your reservation is confirmed. Your reference number is 31S3UK6M. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is everything I need. Thank you for all your help!|If there is nothing else you need help with, have a great day. Goodbye.
What can you tell me about the hotel el shaddai?|El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse located in the centre that has free parking and internet. Would you like the phone number and address?
No but I would like to make a booking for 8 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.|Ok, I have your guest house booked for 8 people, for 2 days, starting on Thursday.You reference number is JZ3CHA4K. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a good cinema to visit in the centre of town.|Vue Cinema is located in the centre, would you like the address and phone number?
I just want the phone number and entrance fee please|The entrance fee is not showing up on my computer, the address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I asked you for the phone number not the address.|The phone number is 08712240240.
Great, thank you. Could you also help me with booking a taxi to go from the hotel to the cinema?|How many people will the taxi be for?
There are 8 of us going.|All I need to know is what time you would like your ride for and I can get that booked for you right away.
I want to leave at 12:30 from my hotel and go to the cinema. Please give me the car type and phone number|The taxi will be a white toyota and the contact number is 07880526604. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
There's nothing more that I need. Thanks, bye!|You are welcome enjoy.
Hi! I would like to find a hotel to stay in. I don't care about the parking.|I'll be glad to help. What area of town are you looking for?
The area is not too important, honestly. But I would like it to be a hotel and have a 4-star rating.|Does price matter, because I can find you a cheap one or an expensive one?
Cheap one, please.|The cambridge belfry meets your criteria! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please! Book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|Booked! Your reference number is 2CAJEN22.
Great!  Thanks!|You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you that was all, Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Hi! I need a train to Broxbourne after 10:30.|I'd be happy to help you with that. What day do you want to travel?
I need the train for Tuesday departing from Cambridge after 10:30.|There are 11 trains of that type, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 11:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I just get the train ID of one of them please?|The train ID for the 11:01 train is TR2130. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the West area of town.  Are there any hotels that have free wifi over there?|Yes, I have 4 entries for those criteria. What's your price range?
Cheap, it needs free parking also.|I recommend the Cambridge Belfry. Will you be booking a room today?
Can I just get the address, star rating, and phone number?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel at back lane, cambourne cb236bw. Their number is 01954714600.
Thank you for your help. Have a good day!|No problem. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?|What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 15:30.|what about train TR8176 that leaves at 15:35?
That sounds perfect. Can you also help me to find a 2 star hotel?|There are three 2-star hotels; two are moderately priced and one is expensive.  Do you have a price preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range in price.|I have ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both in the north with internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer Ashley hotel.|Sure, would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 5 nights|Booking was successful and the reference number is 9H9Z3QNC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed.|I am glad I could help you with your trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.|There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by 15:30.|There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?|8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?|Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Now that the train is settled, I need a place to stay that is in the expensive range with free parking, please.|There are a number of expensive hotels in town. Do you have a preference for area you'd like to stay?
I would prefer a guesthouse if possible.|I do not have any expensive guesthouses. Can I try something else?
Can you try moderately priced?|I suggest acorn guest house it is in 154 chesterton road.
Ok, that sounds great. Can you book that for me for 3 nights?|Yes. I need to know what night you'd like your reservation to begin and how many people it will be for.
For 5 people starting on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is S4MONUEY.
Thank you so much. That's all for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a train to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:00.|Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I'm leaving london liverpool street on sunday|TR9835 arrives at 13:07, would that work for you?
Yes, and I need to book this for four people.|I was able to book 4 tickets your reference number is 9EBGT2IQ. The price for the tickets is 53.12 GBP, is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to find a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four guesthouses that are moderately priced and have three stars. What area would you like to stay?
I don't have a preference. Can you make a  suggestion?|Hamilton Lodge is nice. Would you like me to book it?
Sure!  I need to get rooms for the same group as riding the train.|How many nights do you plan to stay?
I would be there for 5 nights.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is KGCK4JK6. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you. I appreciate your help.|You're very welcome!
Hi, I am  looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.|There are many options to choose from but all of them are guesthouses except one. Do you need a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
I don't mind what type of hotel. But it needs to be in the centre and offer free parking.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel in the centre area with free parking. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights.|Which three nights would you like me to book the hotel for?
Starting from sunday, please.|No problem. Your booking was successful for four people, starting Sunday for three days. Your reference number is 3BUQP529.
Thanks can I also get a restaurant? I am looking for one in the centre of town serving korean food|The only Korean restaurant in the center of town is Little Seoul. It's expensive, but very good. Would you like to book a table there?
No, but I will need a taxi to the restaurant. I'll need to get from the Alexander B&B to Little Seoul, leaving the hotel at 13:30.|Not a problem. You will be picked up by a white volvo, contact number 07532822307.
Thanks for you're help. May I also have the address and phone number of the restaurant.|The phone number is 01223308681 and their address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for all your help!|Of course, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.|There are five options in the centre with internet. Are you looking for a particular kind of lodging?
Yes, I would like a place to stay that is rated with four stars and moderately priced.|I'm afraid I don't see any. What about something else?
Can you try another area please?|no i wanted this specific one.
Is there anything in the centre with free parking and wifi, for cheap?|I have the alexander bed and breakfast it is cheap and offers free wifi and parking.
I need 3 nights for 4 people starting Sunday. Also looking for a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge. Leaving after 18:00 on the same day as hotel booking.|OK, your room is booked, ref#5WCVJFIO. I also found TR1428, leaving Broxbourne at 18:32. Will that work?
Yes.  Can I please get the arrival time.  thank you.|It arrives at 19:32.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you that is all the information I need today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the north, and I'd like the more expensive range please.|I'm sorry, but there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Could I check for one in the moderate price range for you?
I'm sorry not hotels, guesthouses please.|There are no guesthouses in the expensive range in the north area.  There are five options, in the moderate range, any other preferences?
Yes, please check one in the moderate range.|I have many listings,could I get what star rating to would preferred?
Honestly, I would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its moderately priced.|Alright. Does the acorn guest house sound okay? It's 4 stars with free internet and parking.
That would be fine. Could you also find out some information about the india house restaurant?|The india house is in the expensive price range and located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thanks. Could you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:30 on Thursday?|I am unable to book during that time slot on Thursday.  Would you like to try a different time on Thursday or maybe a different day?
How about 15:30?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : SP0ZTZU8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'll be needing a taxi between those two locations. Please make sure they can have me at the restaurant by my reservation time.|Booking was successful. You will arrive at the India House by 15:30.
That's all I needed. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the east.|I'd be glad to help you find a guesthouse, are you looking for something moderately priced or would you like a cheaper option?
I don't care about price range, but I would like to have free parking.|I have a few listings for guesthouses, I will give you the listings for moderate prices as they will be nicer.
Please include post code and phone number with the listings.|The Warkworth House's contact number is 01223363682. The postcode for them is cb11ee.  The other moderate priced is Carolina Bed and Breakfast, phone 01223247015 with postcode cb13nx. Anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant. I prefer it to serve cuban food and i would like a moderate price range.|There are no moderately priced Cuban restaurants in Cambridge, unfortunately. Would you like me to look up other restaurants in the moderate price range?
How about chinese food?|There are four chinese restaurants. Would you rather eat in the north or centre?
North is fine, what is the postcode for that?|In the north is the golden wok, the postcode is cb43hl.  Do you need more information on that or with anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time, thank you for your help.|Happy to be or service. Have a wonderful day!
Hi, I'd like to try some Indian food. What do you have?|Oh, there are many nice Indian restaurants to choose from.  What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cheap Indian restaurant located in the centre,|I suggest Kohinoor.  The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure.  I just need a table for myself at 14:00 on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, they are booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
Okay, let's try for 13:00 instead.|That was successful. Your reference number is HMN75TCM.
Wonderful!  I also need some information about a hotel called the Hamilton Lodge.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can! The Hamilton is a guesthouse on the north side. It is moderately priced, has 3 stars, free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
Can you reserve me a taxi that arrives to the restaurant before 14:00 on wednesday?|Can you tell me where you will be leaving from?  Do you want me to make a hotel reservation for you?
I will be leaving from hamilton lodge and heading to the restaurant.|Your car is booked. A black tesla will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge and get you to Kohinoor by 14:00. Their contact number is 07942596374 if you need to call.
Thank you so much, that is everything that I need.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, what kind of attractions are there in the east?|I have museums, boating excursions, basic entertainments, parks and swimming pools. Any of these spark your interest?
What would you recommend?|Try the funky fun house. It's on cherry hinton road.
Is there a guesthouse nearby that is rated at least 4/5?|The A and B Guest House is close by. It has a 4 star rating and moderate pricing. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds like what I'm looking for. Is it a guesthouse?|Yes the A and B guesthouse is a guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I will need accommodations for 7 people, for 5 nights. We want to check in Thursday.|I'm very sorry a and b guest house does not have availability for your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different day?
Please try for two nights then at minimum from Thursday evening on.  We need a guesthouse for 7 people, and I will need the reference number when booked. Thanks!|Okay, I was able to book the questhouse for you for two nights starting on Thursday. The reference number is O4OXDCIW. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Now I will need to find a hotel for the remainder of my visit.  Can you help with that?|Sure, what day will you be staying and for how long? Any price range?
Never mind. That will be all.|Okay, I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the north part of town. Do you have any suggestions?|Sure! There are swimmin pools, boat, and a park. What would you like more information on?
Any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the north. I'll need the address and entrance fee information as well, please.|Well the Milton Country Park is free and their address is milton country park, milton.
Great.  I'm also looking for a place to stay.  Can you look for a 4 star hotel with free parking?|I have 3 hotels matching your request.  Two are in the west and one center.  Do you have a preference in part of town?
Are any of them in the moderate price range?|There are none in the moderate price range, I have a couple expensive and 1 cheap.  Do you have a preference?
How about guesthouses?  Any matches?|I found a great 4 star guesthouse on the east side in the moderate price range. It's carolina bed and breakfast. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I'll be coming in on Wednesday with 5 people total. We'll be staying for 5 nights.|Your room has been reserved. Reference number is RQ1GW9PE.
Thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. I need to get there by 22:00|Sorry, can you clarify which is the destination and which is the departure site? I know you want to arrive by 22:00 but at which place?
from the hotel to the attraction please|A blue ford will arrive at Carolina Bed and Breakfast at 22:00 to take you to Milton Country Park. The driver's contact number is 07842440492
Great, thanks! You've been a big help.|You are welcome. Do you need any information about restaurants? I can help with that, too.
I only need a taxi.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a hotel to stay in the East area.|Yes I have many guesthouses  and one hotel. Is there a price range you prefer?
I definitely want a hotel, and I'd like a place that has 4 stars.|I have 6 guesthouses with 4 stars in the east, do you have a price range preference?
No I don't have a price range whichever you recommend is fine.|Leverton House will give you the most bang for your buck. Would you like me to make a reservation?
And there are no hotels? Just guesthouses?|I double checked and no, there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you still be interested in the Leverton House?
Does it have free parking?|yes there is free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to book just yet.  But I was also looking for a place to eat in the same area of town.|We have quite a few restaurants in the east end. Is there any particular food you're looking for?
As long as it is in the moderate price range, I am open to your recommendation.|There are 3 restaurants in the East, there are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the italian place. Make me a reservation for Friday for 8 at 15:15 please.|You're all set! Your reference number is NEZN98ZC.
thank you that will be all for now|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I gotta eat. Find me an expensive modern eclectic place please.|sorry no matches to your request. can we change the type of food
How about one that serve gastropub food?|I have two in the centre and one in the west. Do you have a preference in location?
The west would be perfect. I need a reservation for seven on Sunday at 13:45, please.|Your reservation is booked at The Royal Standard. Your reference number is WWZS2IUM.
Thank you. I am also looking for a hotel that is expensive and has 4 stars. I need it to include free parking.|How about University Arms Hotel in the Centre area?
May I have the phone number please ?|Yes, the number is 01223351241
Thank you so very much.|You are very welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that would be all.|Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre help. Have a great trip!
Can you find me a guest house?|Their is Acorn guest house in the north, they are located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888
Ok is the Acorn guest house a 4 star moderate priced hotel with free parking|Yes, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse. They offer free parking and internet.
I'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I was able to book that, reference number is C0SOOPR7.
Great! I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same price range.|There are many moderately priced restaurants available.  Is there a particular type of food you would like?
The restaurant would need to serve kosher food.|I'm not finding anything in the price range and area that serves kosher food.  Would you like to try a different price range?
How about one that serves british food?|I'm not finding any moderately priced British restaurants in the north, either. Would you like me to look for something else, or a different price range?
Yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either kosher or british food?|I'm sorry I do not see any listing for the description you are looking for. Perhaps there is something else you would like to try?
Ok, let's start over. I don't want to cause confusion. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food. Can we try that?|I'm sorry, I don't have any matches for that, would you like to try another option?
How about a restaurant that serves British food in the centre of town?|I have 4 listings for british food in the centre of town.
Okay, please pick one for me.|Shall I book one? If so on what day?
Wednesday, for 2 people. At 16:30.|Among the four restaurants, I cannot book for 1630, is there another time you would like to aim for?
How about 15:30? please send me the reference number once booked.  I am also going to need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant by booking time.|OK, you're booked at Cotto, refrence number UH4IHWMG. A red volkswagen should be coming to the Acorn to take you there, contact number 07499457879. Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That does it for me. Take care. Goodbye.|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a guest house, please.|There are many guesthouses in Cambridge! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
No but I want it to be in the north and have free parking.|Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range. It has free parking and wifi. Can I reserve a room for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, but thank you for the information!|Was there anything else I can help you with today?
yes book the room for me please 2 people 5 nights starting thursday please|Reference number is : UKUNO9II. Is there anything else?
Thank you much. I have heard raves about a certain restaurant called two two. Do you have any info on it?|I found restaurant two two it serve French cuisine is in north and the price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes, please. I want a table for 2 people on thursday at 11:00. Please give me the reference number too.|Okay, your booking was successful, the reference number is lQU2HDTO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No actually, that was all I wanted help with today! Thanks a whole bunch!! Goodbye|Thank you , have a good one!
I'm looking for places to visit. I'd like to find any sports related attractions in the south.|I'm sorry, there aren't any sports attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another area?
Are there any entertainment attractions in that area?|there two entertainment attractions in that area the nusha and the tenpin. would you like the addresses for them?
Yes, I still need the address, postcode, and entrance fee for the Nusha, please.|Nusha is located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, postcode cb17dy. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. What else can I help you with?
I need a 4-star place to stay. I don't care about internet, but I do need free parking.|There are 19 entries that match your specifications. Do you need any more specifications?
Actually I do need free wifi.|Do you have any price preferences? Or area preferences?
I don't really care, I just need free parking and prefer 4 stars.|How about Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 Chersterton Road.
Can you try to book that for me for 6 people for 3 nights from Wednesday?|I was unable to book Acorn Guest House for you. Would you like to try a different hotel? Or perhaps a shorter stay?
Yes, I'll shorten my stay. How about 1 night?|OK, I have you booked at the Acorn for 1 night! Your Reference number is GFSN1SHY. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes actually. I will need a taxi to leave the hotel at 4:45 to head to the Nusha.|Okay sure. I have booked that for you and your contact number for the driver is: 07195670404. A black Volkswagen will be picking you up.
Perfect! You've given me all of the information I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street|I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please.|I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.|Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.|Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range|Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I I need a hotel located in the west with free wifi and parking.|The Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range but has 4 stars, would that work? Internet and parking are available.
Sounds great, thanks! What is their phone number?|the cambridge belfry's phone number is 01954714600.
And the Cambridge Belfry is a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a hotel. Is that ok?
That is perfect. Thank you.|Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I don't need a booking. You have given me all the information I need, for now. Thank you so much.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you very much.|Have a great time.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a guesthouse.|we got 11. do you have any rating preference?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.|archway house is in the north and has a 4 star rating
Do they have internet?|Yes, they have internet.
Thanks you. May I please have their phone number?|Their number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I also need information about trains departing from cambridge.|there are lots of trains. Do you have times you would like to travel ?
I would prefer it be the earliest train you can book.|The first train leaves at 5:00.
That will be fine can you assist me in booking that?|I will go ahead and book that for you.
The train should leave on Friday and go to Stansted airport.|Okay and what time would you like to travel?
i just need to arrive by 13:00|Train # TR6616 departs Cambridge at 11:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 12:08. The travel time is 28 minutes and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thanks for the info. that's all I need.|OKay, let us know if you need anything else.
Hello! I'm lookng for someplace to go in the centre.|I have many attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
I would like to visit a museum.|There are 11 museums in the centre what type of museum would you like to visit?
Well I also will be needing somewhere to stay. Is there a museum located close to a hotel?|There are several hotel options in the centre if you are interested in staying that part of town.
First let's work out what attraction I'll choose. Can you pick me your favorite in the centre and tell me their address and entrance fee, please?|The Primavera is a nice museum with free entrance and is located at 10 king s parade, postcode cb21sj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend me a hotel with free wifi in the same area?|I have 5 different places that ranges from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preferred price range?
Something cheap with free wifi would be perfect, I'm trying to keep this trip from busting my budget.|I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I need it for one person, for three nights, and starts on Wednesday.|I have a room booked for you for 3 nights starting Wednesday.  The reference number is Q6M0JJPA.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. I don't have any other questions at this time. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find information on a hotel called allenbell?|The Allenbell Hotel is a 4 star guesthouse hotel, the price range is cheap. Internet and parking are available. Would you like to book a room?
I need a room there for 8 on saturday, and staying two nights, I'll need the reference number too please|I've scheduled your booking at the Allenbell on Saturday for 2 nights for 8 people. The Reference number is : WBD98WJA.
I also need a train from stansted airport and go to cambridge.|All trains leave on friday, what time is the depature and arrival?
18:15 is the departure.  19:30 is the arrival.|Train TR5921 departs from stansted airport at 18:24 and arrives at cambridge at 19:30 on friday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will work. Please book 8 tickets. I'll also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 2D2L9TYI.
That is all I need. Good bye.|Thank you for using our service!
What can you tell me about the Lovell Lodge?|It is a hotel in the north part of town in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating, free internet, and free parking
Thanks, could you give me the address and phone number?|No problem. The Lovell Lodge is located at 365 Milton Road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all thank you!|Have a good day.
i am looking for a hotel in Cambridge called the cambridge belfry|That hotel is in the West and listed as cheap, but still has 4-stars. They provide free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number: MCITLHI8.
Great! I also need information on multiple sports in the centre.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Should we try another area?
How about a museum?|how about broughton house gallery? it's free of charge.
That sounds great. Can you please give me the phone number?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223314960.
I would also like a taxi to commute and I would like it 17:45 please and the contact number and the car type, thank you|Okay, where do you want the taxi to pick you up and where will you be going?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 17:45.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking out for a White Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07698582191. Anything else for today?
Great! That's it! Thank you!|Thank you and have a good day!
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.|I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.|Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi|May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.|We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking?|Yes it most certainly does.
Can you help me find a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 12:30?|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'm coming to cambridge from Lecester.|Six trains match your criteria. The first train leaves at 05:09 and arrives by 06:54. Do you want to book a seat on this train or another?
I need to arrive by 12:30 not 6:54. Try again please|I'm sorry about that.  The TR3404 arrives at 11:54.  Would you like me to book it for you?
The train should arrive by 12:30 and should leave on wednesday.|the earliest train I can get for you arrives at 11:54 the tr3404 how many tickets please?
I need a booking for 4 people.|I booked your train ride. It is going to cost 151.19 GBP and your reference number is NIGO21EH.
I am looking for a hotel called worth house.|Great guesthouse located at 152 Chesterton Road.
Thanks.  Can you book a hotel for the same group of people for 3 nights on the day we get there?|your booked at the Worth House reference number is 9HLR5ZQO. Can I help you with anything else?
That's everything.  Thanks for all your help.|If you need anything else, please let us know.
I will. Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good day.
I'm looking for a gastropub food restaurant in the centre of Cambridge please.|Sure what price range are you looking for?
I don't really have a price range in mind. What's your favorite place?|My favorite is The Slug and Lettuce.  It is expensive though.  Can I get you an address for it?
Nah, I'll get that later. Can you book a table there, though? 3 people on Sunday at 15:30.|Yes I can, I have booked a table for 3 people for Sunday at 15:30 at the Slug and Lettuce. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay with free parking.|The reference number for you dinner reservation is 7E3EL1IG.  What area of town would you like to stay in?
I just need to find a hotel for Sunday for 3 people. The stay should be two nights. Please give me the reference number too.|OK, I was able to book you at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is YBGSWXEJ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places.|Sure thing. I can work on getting that booked for you.
Could you please do that?|Which place will you be leaving from?
I want to make sure it gets me to the restaurant for the reservation from the hotel.|You are set, look for a red tesla, their contact number is 07587955465, any further questions today?
That is great. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in the south.|I have 2 options for you, both guesthouses. I recommend the Aylesbray Lodge, at 5 Mowbray Road.
Thank you, I'll accept the recommendation at Aylesbray Lodge.|Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
Yes please. I would like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.|Ok I have booked that and the Reference number is 1N67NESA.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need  a train.|There are over two thousand trains. Where is your destination?
leicester is where i am going|would you be leaving from cambridge?
Yes leaving from Cambridge, on Friday please.|Okay I have 19 trains. Could you give me a time by which you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to be there by 16:15.|Okay, I have TR4170 that leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54.  It cost 37.80 pounds.  Would you like this train booked?
Thank you that will be all I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should be located in the centre and should include free parking please.|Would you like a cheap or expensive hotel?
I need a moderately priced hotel please.|So sorry, we have no moderately priced lodgings in the centre. We do have two cheap guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Will either of those work for you?
Do you have one in the north instead?|The Hamilton lodge may be a good option for you.
That sounds great. Can I please get their address?|Of course!  Their address is 156 chesterton road.  The phone number is 01223365664 and postcode is cb41da.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.  I'm going to Birmingham new street and need to leave on Thursday.|There are trains to Birminghan New street through out the day. What time would you like to leave?
I need a train that arrives by 17:00. I will be departing from Cambridge.|TR2636 is the one that arrives latest by 11:44. will that be fine?
Isn't there anything later in the day?|Sure.  TR9360 arrives by 16:44.  How is that?
That sounds great what is the travel time?|The travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all! Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south part of the City that offers free wifi with the room.|Sure I have 4. When are you coming?
I'm not sure yet. What types of hotels are available? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse.|the lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. their address is 	53-57 lensfield road
What is the star rating of the lensfield?|The Lensfield Hotel has 3 stars.  Would you like their phone number?
yes please. I am also looking for a place to dine; european modern food, but at a moderate price.|Is there a certain area you prefer?
Yes, I would like a restaurant that is also in the south.|chinese, indian or italian food?
Im feeling modern european what are some of my options for that?|The only place on the south side is the restaurant alimentum. Are you interested in booking a table with them?
I would like a table.|What time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?
I would like the reservation to be at 12:45 for 7 people.|Great, and what day do you prefer?
I would prefer for it to be Thursday.|You're all set, reference #MEGKPAR1. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.|Have a great day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the east part of town.|I have 6 guesthouses on the east side of town. Would you like more information on one of them?
A guesthouse would be perfect. Can you make a recommendation of one please?|I sure can!  I like a and b guest house.  Do you want a reservation?
no thank you. get me the phone number instead|Sure.  The phone number is 01223315702.  What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for things to do in town|We have almost 80 attractions across the city. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I'd like to go to a theatre in the same area of town as the hotel.|we have alot in the centre of town
well in the same area as the hotel I am walking|We actually have zero theatres in the east part of town! sorry about that. Maybe another part of town would work for you?
How about a park instead?|There is one park in the area named cherry hinton water play. Would you like more information?
No, I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse at 23:00 going to the attraction. What is the contact information and car type please?|Congratulations you got the tesla.
I still need the contact number please.|the phone number is 01223446100
I'm sorry, but I forgot to get the phone number for the park. Can you get that for me, please?|No problem. The phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need thanks for the help!|excellent, have a great day!
I've heard good things about the Acorn guest house. Could you find it for me?|The Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free Wifi and parking. The address is 154 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge from Ely.|Sure what day will you be traveling?
Wednesday and needs to arrive by 18:15 that day.|There are 7 trains, TR1549 arrives at 18:07 if you'd like to book that just let me know.
I don't need to book right now. What time does this train depart from Ely?|Train TR1549 departs at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07.
Excellent, that's all the information I need right now. Thank you!|Have a great day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the cheap price range.|I have one in the north area would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to stay in the east and it needs to have free wifi please.|Unfortunately, I cant find a listing in the east part of town, the next listing available is in the centre and it does have free wifi.
The centre will be fine. Can I have the info on that one,please?|That would be the El Shaddai. They offer free parking and wifi. They are located at 41 Warkworth Street. Their postcode is cb11eg. You can reach them at 01223327978.
I would like to find something fun to do in the East.|What kind of entertainment are you looking for?
Just pick an attraction in the same area as my hotel that you personally recommend and tell me its type|Maybe Old Schools, it is an architecture attraction.
Ok. I want a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 10:45 and take me to the hotel. Please give car type and contact info|I have booked a taxi service for you. The car will be a yellow honda and the phone number to reach them is 07991691380
Thank you for your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Hello, we are planning on visiting Cambridge and would like to inquire about lodgings.  Can you find a place with free wifi and a rating of 4 stars?|Sure, do you have an area of town you prefer?
Any type is fine, I just would like it to have free parking as well.|Ok the alexander bed and breakfast is a four star guesthouse in the centre area would you like me to book it for you
Yes, for 8 people. 2 nights starting from friday. Include reference number.|I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is  7JY9OB7P. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a train. I would like it to arrive by 14:30|There are over a thousand trains arriving by 14:30 where are you departing from and going?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.|The train TR0601 will suit your needs. May I book that for you?
I'd like to book it for 8 people, yes.|Okay, you're booked with reference number 1KXLNMFR. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Goodbye!|Goodbye! Have a great day.
You too.|its been a pleasure serving you
Can you let me know what expensive restaurants are available in the south side?|I am showing 5 that meet that criteria. Chinese, italian or mexican food. Would you like one of those?
How about the Chinese? Can I have the address with the postcode, and the phone number?|How about peking restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre cb28nx. Number is 01223354755.
Sounds perfect! I also want to find a 3-star hotel in the same area.|The Lensfield Hotel should meet your needs, it is an expensive hotel in the south. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Does it include free wifi?|Yes, it does include free wifi. Would you like to make a booking?
No need to book today. But, can you provide me with their phone number and address please?|Sure! Their address is 53-57 lensfield road and their phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a cheap place to stay in the centre|Sure, we have two guesthouses that fit, the 4 star alexander bed and breakfast and the unrated el shaddai. Would you like to book a room at one?
Do either of those include free parking?|Yes, they both include free parking.
Then book one, doesn't matter which. Eight people, two nights, starting Wednesday.|I was able to book a reservation at el shaddai .  Reference number is : AHYOTIAB.  Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
I am flying into the area and would love to find a nice guesthouse to accommodate me while I'm there.|We have 24 guest houses available in Cambridge, do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I don't care about price but would like one in the north that has free parking.|The acorn guest house is moderately priced with a star rating of 4. How does that sound to you?
Does this hotel has internet? If yes, please give the address.|Yes, the acorn guest house has internet. Their address is 154 chesterton road. Is there anything else you needed help with?
Yeah, is the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool still open?|Yes, it appears it is still open. Would you like more information on this pool?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address, and the area?|The phone number is 01223302579, and they are in the north part of town, they are located at between victoria road and the river.
Okay, that's all the information I need for now. Thank you for your help.|you're welcome. anything else i can help you with?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.|To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.|unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out|Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.|One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
A moderate price range. I need 2 nights beginning Monday and the reference number. Also looking for a train, same people same day as hotel and reference number as well.|There are 9 options. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse please. I only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from monday.|May I recommend the Acorn Guest House at 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room for 1, for 2 nights starting Monday?
Yes, please. I would also like the reference number.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the north.|Are you looking for a specific hotel? Also what type of hotel are you looking for?
Hm, maybe something moderately priced? With free wifi?|The avolon would feet your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would like it to start Monday and be for 5 nights for 4 people.  Can I get the reference number?|I have booked you a room here is the information-Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CZQ8CCGZ. Any thing else I can help you with?
I also need a train heading to cambridge on monday as well|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving kings lynn after 13:15.|I have train TR2257 leaving at 14:11 and arriving at 14:58. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you!|Okay, thank you! Enjoy your trip.
Thank you too!|Bye Bye.
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?|I would recommend the Cambridge Contemporary Art museum. It is located at 6 trinity street and it also has free admission. Is there anything else that you need?
What is their postcode?|That postcode is cb21su.
Thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|Okay, what area will you be staying in?
I'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the centre of town.|What is your star rating preference?
I really do not care anything will do|I recommend the University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Would you like to book a room?
I want want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where and when do you want to the taxi to pick you up ?
Can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by 07:30?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow honda
Contact number	:	07397168594
Thank you for all of your assistance.|Thank you have a nice day.
Can you help me find a good steakhouse?  Ideally I would like it to be moderately priced, not too fancy or cheap.|I don't have a moderately priced steakhouse. Would you like to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd like steak. Maybe try in the west?|There are no matches found would you like me to look up a different area?
can you find me one that serves indian food?|Meghna is a moderately priced indian restaurant, it is located in the west.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please,book a table for 8 people at 17:45 on monday.|Your reference number is ON7EUM19.   Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm not sure, let me check and see if my husband has any other questions.|Just let me know!
i'm also looking for a place to stay.|what area and when are you planning your stay?
West. And on Monday|There are 4 places in the west. Do you want to book? If so, please give me the number of people and days that you will be staying.
Okay, I need to make sure it's in the moderate price range and that it's a guesthouse.|hobsons house fits your requirements nicely. Want to book it?
no thanks. I just need to see if they have free wifi and what their phone number is.|Yes, they do have free internet and their phone number is 01223301906. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 17:45 on monday from the hotel|You are all set.  Is there anything else I can do for you?     Booked car type	:  yellow ford
Contact number:  07359918327
Thank you so much for your help.  That's all I need.|Thank you goodbye
i am lookingfor a place to stay|Ok.  I can help you with that.  Are you looking for a particular price range or part of town?
Price range and location don't matter.  I would just like for it to be a hotel that has free parking.  Internet is not necessary either.|Acorn guest house is a guest house with free parking, or we have 28 other options. Do you have any other preferences?
Not at this time.|would you like to book a room at acorn or any of the others?
Could you tell me what area of town it is in?|The Acorn Guest House is in the north.
Thanks! I also need an italian restaurant to go to. I need to save some money so I would prefer it to be cheap.|Da Vinci Pizzeria is in the north and it is cheap. Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I would like a table.|I would be happy to help with your request.  How many will be dining, and what day/time would you like the reservation?
I would like a table for 6 at 17:30 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N5B6ARJP.
Thanks. That is all for today. Have a nice day.|Your welcome. I am glad I could help.
Could you help me find a place to dine on my trip?|Absolutely!  Do you have any preferences on area, price, or food type?
I really want to treat myself so I was thinking expensive european food.|I have 5 restaurants that are expensive european. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Any part of town will do so kindly recommend something and give me the postcode and address|How about Eraina in the centre area.  The address is Free School Lane City Centre.  The phone number is 01223368786.
Oh and I'm going to need a place to stay.  Can you find me an expensive 4 star hotel that includes free wifi please?|There are two hotels that match your requirements.  One is in the west and one is in the centre.  Do you have a preference of area?
It doesn't matter but can you find one in the expensive price range?|In that case, I recommend University Arms Hotel. It's in the same area as the restaurant and may be more convenient.
That will be fine can you get me the address and postcode.|Sure! The address is Regent Street. The postcode is cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you for your help. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Hello.  I am excited to see some local tourist attractions on my trip to Cambridge.  Can you suggest some places to go?|All saints church is available in the centre of town.
I will be in the east and am wondering if there is a concerthall.|No, there are no concert halls in the east. What else can I assist with?
Can you tell me if there are any swimming pools located in the east?|I have one and it is abbey pool and astroturf pitch.
Can you give me more information on abbey pool.|Sure! It's located on poolway, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay in the east, moderately priced and with wifi.|Warkworth House appears to fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
Does it also have free parking? I forgot to mention I'll be needing that too.|It does have free parking, yes. Would you like me to book you any rooms?
I would!  Can you do that for me?|Yes, just let me know the details of your stay and I can book a room for you.
I need a room for three nights for 5 people|What day will you be checking in ?
I am checking in on friday for an extended weekend holiday.|How many days will you be staying?
Oh gosh, I guess you must have missed it. I did say Friday for 3 nights, 5 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Isn't that the point of this conversation?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is MUD82719.
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. I will also be needing a taxi.|Where will you be going?
For commuting between the two places discussed.|What time would you like to leave by?
I want leave the hotel by 18:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type		grey tesla
Contact number		07501896564
I am all set, thanks.|goodbye, enjoy your time.
I'm looking for a college in the centre of town.|Downing College is on Regent Street and admission is free.
Thanks, could I please have their phone number and postcode?|The phone number for Downing College is 01223334860, and their postcode is cb21dq.
Great, thank you! I'm also in need of a place to stay. It needs to be in the south and I'd like it to have free wifi.|The Aylesbray Lodge is a guest house with 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
Is the Aylesbray Lodge cheap?|The Aylesbray is moderately priced, but has free parking and internet. For cheap, there is Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
I want to book the Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. I have six people in my party.|What day would you like to start your stay and how many days will you be staying?
We'll arrive on Wednesday and we'll be staying for 2 nights.|I have booked your rooms at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for a party of 6 who will arrive on Wednesday and stay two nights.
Can I have the reference number?|Your reference number is UL5OTY23.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That takes care of all my questions.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 12:15.|Okay. What is the destination?
That will be London King's Cross, and I'll be travelling on Tuesday.|TR0315 is the first train out after 12:15. It departs at 13:00 and arrives at King's Cross at 13:51. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I need 6 of them.|That booking was successful and your reference number is A7PJEHZW.
I also need a hotel. Do not need Free Parking.|I have about 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel to choose from. Is there an area that you would like to stay in?
I need something in the south area.|I'm sorry there are no guesthouses in the south. Would you like a different area or a hotel instead?
Maybe try one with free parking.|rosa's bed and breakfast is super cheap, has free parking though, but it is a 4 star. Would you like to book it?
That would be fine. Can you book that for the same group of people for 2 nights starting on sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 9VM0WVB8. Will that be all?
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.|I hope you enjoy your stay!
Yes, hopefully you can help with my planning.  I am looking for a place to stay.|I can help with that. What part of town will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to the north.|We have quite a few places in the North that you may enjoy staying, is there a particular price range you have in mind?
I would prefer something moderately priced.|I have several guesthouses and hotels that are located in the area that match your price range, did you have any other preferences?
Moderately priced, free parking in the north.|How about the Hamilton lodge?
Sure, could I get the phone number and postcode?|The postcode for the Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and the phone number is 01223365664.
Can you tell me if the Hamilton is a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse
I need help finding a guesthouse to stay at.|I have a number of different guesthouses available. Do you want to stay in a particular part of town?
I'd like the east part of town please.|Warkworth House is a great place. They are rated 4 stars, moderately priced and offer free parking and internet.
That sound perfect. Could I make a booking for 6 people?|Of course! What day and how many nights?
I'll be starting my stay on this coming Sunday.|How many days will you be staying?
5 nights please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : T212RFL5.
Do you know of a restaurant by the name of gourmet burger kitchen?|Yes, Gourmet Burger Kitchen has North American cuisine and is expensive. It is located in the City Centre.
can you tell me the phone number please|You can reach them by phone at 01223312598. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks!|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for night Clubs in cambridge, any suggestion?|I have 6 nightclubs, 5 are in centre and 1 is in south. Would you like information on one of them?
Can I have the name, postcode, phone number, and address for the one in South?|Sure, it's called The Place, and is located at 22 Sidney Street, postcode cb23hg.  The phone number is 0223324600.  Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay.|There are many fine places to stay in Cambridge. Let me help you find one that suits your needs. Would you prefer a hotel or a guest house?
I would like a guesthouse with a star of 4 in the moderate price range. I would like to be in the east.|a and b guest house has free internet also. Would you like me to book this?
I'm not ready to book yet.  What is the phone number and is there free parking?|Ok, the phone number is 01223315702 and it does not have free parking. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.|Have a good day and contact us if you need anything else.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I was told the A and B Guest House was a great place to stay.  Can you give me information about it?|Absolutely! This is a moderately priced guest house with four stars. There is wifi included. It is located on the east. What else can I help with?
Do you have free parking? I refuse to pay for parking in a hotel that I am staying at. Wouldn't you agree?|Yes, I would as a matter of fact. And yes the offer free parking.
Okay, sounds good.  Also I need to get a train from Liverpool street to Cambridge.|What day would you like to make this trip? Do you have any other specifications?
Oh wait, you know what? I forgot to ask about star ratings. What's the star rating on the A and B Guest House, please?|It has four stars. Would you still like information on the train?
The train should leave after 12:45 and should leave on friday. for 2 people please book.|TR5015 leaves london liverpool street at 13:39 and arrives at cambridge by 15:07.  Would this work for you?
Does that train leave on Friday?|Yes, that train leaves on Friday.
I need two tickets.|Okay, two tickets are booked, for a total price of 33.2 GBP, and your reference number is MY04HJ0A, do you need anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything.|Thanks for using our system!
What is the cheapest taxi service in Cambridge?|I would need more info, where would you need a taxi to and from?
I am looking for a train.|Okay, where will you be heading to?
I am leaving broxbourne to go to cambridge on sunday.|And what time of day do you want to travel?
I will be travelling at 12:30 PM|TR0862 will leave at 12.32
I would like to leave on Sunday.|TR0862 will leave at 12.32 on Sunday. Do you want me to book this train for you?
I don't want to book yet, but please tell me the arrival time for that one|The arrival time is 13:32.
Thanks very much. Goodbye|Did you need any further help?
Yes I am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and has a three star rating please.|We do have a couple matching your criteria, they both fall under the expensive range, one in the centre and one in the south, what is your location of choice?
I don't care where it is located.  I would like an actual hotel room and I will need free parking too.|Alright, you have your choice between the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place, cb11ly, or The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 Lensfield Road, cb21en. Do you need more information, or to book?
Yes, I would like to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday. Please make sure to include the reference number.|I got that all ready to go for you. They will be expecting you on Tuesday. Your reference number is 5535GDTO. Would you need help with something else today?
I am also interested in places to go in the east area. Can you help with that?|Certainly, we have 10 attractions in the east. Do you have a particular type in mind?
Yes I am looking for a park. I'd also like to know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number please.|The cherry hinton water play park is at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw, it is free to enter.Phone number 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I also need a taxi to commute between the two.|What time do you need to leave?
16:45. Please give me their car type and contact number.|I will need a departure or arrival time.
I want to leave at 06:45. I can arrive however long it takes.|Perfect! I have a white volvo scheduled to pick you up at 06:45. The contact number is 07550105668.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!|You're welcome. It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of The Lensfield Hotel.|I have a listing for that hotel. It is on the south side and has three stars. Can I book you a room?
What type of hotel is this and could I get the address?|It's a hotel  and the address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a museum located in  centre.|I'd like to suggest the broughton house gallery. Do you need any information on it?
Yes, can you tell me the entrance fee?|Good news, it is free to enter! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i also want to book a taxi. i want to leave the hotel by 18:30. get contact number and car type|Booked it.  It's a yellow honda, contact 07649871562.  Anything else you need?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
What type of food does the Oak Bistro in Cambridge serve?|The Oak Bistro serves British food. Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book a table for 5 on Saturday at 16:45. May I get the reference number for that once you've booked it please?|Are you sure this is the location you are looking for?
What do you mean? Do you have another suggestion?|No, it just seems as though our system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your restaurant requirements?
The Oak Bistro for 5 people on Sunday at 16:45.  Also I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range with free parking.|You're booked at the Oak Bistro (Ref #QUJHQIMG). There are two hotels available: one in centre and one in south. Do you have a preference?
No preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. I need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, neither hotel is available for that booking.  Would you like me to try a different day or shorter stay?
Is it available for 2 nights then?|Great your reference number is DK2CZK2P.
Thanks. I'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to make sure I get there by the 16:45 reservation.|I have booked your taxi as well. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Could I get the contact number and type of car for the taxi please.|The car is a yellow tesla. Contact number: 07951091729
Thank you. Do I need a reservation number for the taxi?|No you do not need a reservation number for the taxi.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I almost forgot; I need the hotel name, LOL.|Of course! Your reservation is at the Gonville Hotel.
Thank you so much for your help today.|No problem, you have a lovely day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range|There is not a cheap hotel in the centre area. Is there another area I can look for you?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4,|The cambridge belfry is 4 star hotel in the cheap price range in the west part of town. Do you want me to book this hotel?
I need to be in the centre. Is there a guesthouse available, if there are no hotels?|The alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse, located at 56 saint barnabas road.
Great! I want to book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Booking was unsuccessful.  Do you want to try a different day?
how about thursday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TFAJJNJF
Thanks, that's all I need. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day. Bye now.
i'm looking for places to go in town|Okay! What kind of place would you like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum in the south. I need the postcode and entrance fee.|byard art is located in the south. The postcode is cb21sj and doesn't charge an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay at with free wifi and parking.|Well I have a lot of places matching that description so can we narrow those choices by selecting an area for the hotel to be located in?
Lets try the south side.|Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
Either will be fine|I have 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a ratings preference?
I'm sorry I do want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. I will just need the price range and post code please.|the lensfield is nice its expensive and the postcode is cb21en, anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure, which place do you want to be picked up at and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up at Byart Art museum by 21:00. Could you please book a taxi for me.|What is your destination?
I want to go to the hotel.|Okay, you're all set! You will be picked up in a yellow BMW. The contact number is 07193150653. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|excellent, have a great day!
Can you help me find a guest house?|There are many options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
In Cambridge for sure, but still deciding the location.  I need it to have free parking though,|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse in the north area of town.
That may work.  Do they have free wifi?|Yes they do, would you like me to book you or provide information?
Yes, I want to book for 7 people, 5 nights starting wednesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please make the booking for me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Y3RBO3CR Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'd like a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.|We have six option any price preference between moderate or expensive(no cheap options)?
I don't have a preference. Just close your eyes and pick one. I need to reserve a table for 7 on Wednesday at 17:15.|Okay, I've booked 7 for tandoori palace on Wednesday at 17:15. Your reference number is 2UK6E0HT. The address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That's all I need today thanks for all the help. Bye|Thanks and enjoy your time.
I am looking for a museum to visit?  I'm pretty excited to be coming in a few weeks.|we have several including the museum of technology. would you like to purchase tickets?
What area of town is that in?|cambridge museum of technology is in the east side of town.
Great! Can I get the address and phone number?|Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, cb58ld. Their phone number is 01223368650. Will that be all for today?
I'm also looking for a cheap guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.|Is there a certain area you prefer?
Let's stick with the east|Allenbell is cheap and 4 stars with internet and parking located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Phone number is 01223210353. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.|You are booked, the reference number is X3YRQRDQ, can I assist with anything else?
Thank you, that is all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the service today.
Can you help me find a moderately priced chinese food restaurant?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Golden Wok comes highly recommended, would you like to book a table?
No, I'd just like the address and postcode please.|The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton, postcode CB43HL.
I also need a moderately priced guesthouse.|What side of town would you like to stay in? Any specific rating?
It's more important to me that it has free parking.|OK, can I recommend Archway House?  It is a 4 star moderate guesthouse located in the north part of town.
I need to book that for 3 people for 5 nights from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.|I have made your reservation for 5 days starting Tuesday for your party of 3. Your reference number is 9K38MMFD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would also like a taxi to take me between the restaurant and the guesthouse.|At what time would you like the taxi to meet you at golden wok?
I would like to leave the hotel by 10:00 Once booked, can you give me the contact number and type of car to look out for?|You will be looking for a Grey Honda & the contact number is 07887630209. Thank you!
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I get the address to the funky fun house?|What sort of place if the funky House?
Funky fun house is an indoor amusement attraction. I've heard it is a lot of fun. Do you have a phone number for it?|We have to change it to attratction
I'm sorry, I was thinking of another town. The restaurant, hotel, and taxi are all that I need for today. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy your day!
I want the address to the Autumn House hotel in Cambridge.|Sure, the address is 710 newmarket road.
Please check to see if there any rooms available on Sunday for 5 nights.  I will need 7 rooms.|They were able to accommodate your party. Your reservation is made, reference number TD6A4S20.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat too?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a certain type of food you were looking for?
Never mind on a place to eat.  Can you help me find info on the Cambridge Temporary Art attraction?|The cambridge contemporary art attraction free and in the centre. The address is 6 trinity street, phone is 01223323222.
Thank you very much.|My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you?|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hello, I'm looking for an architecture place to go in the centre of town.|there are several architecture places you could go, all saints church,great saint mary's church,holy trinity church, and old schools, which one could you prefer?
Old Schools sounds cool - can I have their phone number?|You can contact Old Schools at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm looking for the gonville hotel.|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range in the centre would you like me to book it
No can I just get the hotel type and phone number please?|It is a normal hotel and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks. Can I also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the old school. I want to leave the hotel by 21:00.|The taxi has been reserved. Your taxi would be a black honda and you can contact it at 07973129543.
Thank you so much that's all i need.|Have a good trip at Cambridge. Goodbye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|sure, do you need a train to get here?
Yes, on tuesday from kings lynn, leaving after 10:30 please?|TR8331  leaves at 11:11	and arrives 11.58. can i book this one for you?
Yes please, I need 3 tickets and the reference number.|Alright,  the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is: 3LS7FBU8. Anything else I can get you?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi.|We have lots of hotels!  Any part of town you'd prefer?
I do not have a preference on area.|Are you on a budget?
No. I would prefer something expensive and with free wifi.|Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel?
is that a guest house?|no, it's listed as a hotel. do you need a guesthouse?
Yes please.|I don't have any guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Would you be willing to stay in a hotel? Or can we search using different criteria?
No, I really want a guesthouse. What about something in the moderate price range?|in what area do you prefer?
i dont care about the area|There are 14 guesthouses in the city that meet your criteria. Let's see if we can narrow it down a little. Do you need internet or parking?
The hotel should include free wifi.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
i don't care, i already told you that.|And do you have a preference on the number of stars the establishment should have? I see both 3 and 4 star options.
I would prefer a four star can you send me some info on that?|Sure thing, I would suggest the acorn guest house.
Give me their area and address|The Acorn Guest House is located in the north part of the city and their address is 154 chesterton road. Anything else for you today?
No. Thanks you. That's all. Goodbye|Thank you for calling our service today. Please let us know if we can assist you with your future needs. Goodbye!
I'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the centre. I'm treating myself so anything in the expensive range is perfect|What type of food would you like to try? I have many different places.
I'd like to be in the centre of town.  Surprise me with the type!  I need to book for 8 people on Wednesday 16:00.  Reference number please?|Booking at midsummer house restaurant was successful. They  serve british food, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4X5NDCA9.
I also need a place to stay. Cheap guesthouse will do.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located in the centre, rated 4 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation?
As long as it's cheap, then yes.|Okay, great!  How many will be staying, for how many nights, starting what day?
Hang on, I need to check on that.|Okay just let me know
Alright, I need rooms for the same group on the same day. We'll be staying for three nights.|OK, you're booked at the Alexander, reference #6HRQ154C. Can I help you with anything else today?
yeah, i need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant.|What time do you need to leave?
We'll need to get to the restaurant on time so we'll need to arrive by 16:00 to avoid losing our table. Be sure to provide contact number and car type.|Here's the information about your car: type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07274986037
Thank you. That is all I needed. You have been a wonderful help.|Thank you, and have a good day!
I need a four star room, free parking too.|Are you looking for a hotel? There are 19 4 star hotels that offer free parking. Do you have a price range or area of town you want to stay?
The hotel should be in the West side of town.|There are 3 four star locations to choose from: Finches Bed and Breakfast, the Huntingdon Marriot, and the Cambridge Belfry. The Huntingdon is listed as expensive while the others are cheap.
Could I book the Marriot for 4 people starting on Wednesday? It would be for 5 nights.|Yes, I will book 5 nights at The Marriot for 4 people starting Wednesday. Anything else I can do for you?
May I have the reference number for the booking please?|I apologize but the booking was unsuccessful, the hotel is booked. Do you want me to check one of the other hotels?
Yes a hotel that is near that one.|The cambridge bellfry has availability. Will that do?
I'd prefer something in the same price range as the Marriott. It's all going on an expense report anyway, no reason to be stingy.|I am sorry. The Huntington Marriott is not available for those days. Would you like to try another hotel?
Is there anything in the same price range you could try?|I reserved a room at the expensive 4 star University Arms Hotel.  It is in the city centre though. Reference number is A3SLP7HG. Is there anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need!|Great. I was happy to help. Good-Bye!
Please tell me where the restaurant HK Fusion is located. Thanks.|HK Fusion is at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
please reserve for me   table for two for today luch. thank you|What time would you like lunch?
I just need the phone number for that place.|The phone number is 01223355909.
I also need a moderate priced place to stay in the North.|great! i have eleven options for you!
Great, I would like it to be a guesthouse and have 4 stars.|Okay I recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number?|Yes, the phone is 01223353888.  Post code is cb41da and the address is 154 chesterton road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all for today. Have a great evening.|Enjoy your stay.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.|There are 8 hotels that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse that includes free parking.|You would love the Allenbell guesthouse.  It meets your criteria.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.|Ok.  I was able to take care of that for you,  Your reference number is 5JNUY73K.
I am also looking for some places to go in the north. Any Recommendations?|Would you like to go boating? riverboat georgina is in the north
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address for there?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at 13:00 and take me to the boat attraction. Send me car type and contact number.|Your booking was completed. The car will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07010971496.
Thank you for the assistance. I believe we are finished.|Have a wonderful time.
Yes, I need some train information.  Looking to depart cambridge and arrive by 08:45.|TR5767 leaves at 05:00 should i book it for you?
No, thank you. Does that leave on Tuesday and go to birmingham new street?|No, but I have 3 others that do. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I will need a ticket for one and the reference number.|I booked a seat on TR3225 with reference number 0KARLG2E.  The fee is 75.09 payable at the station.  Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south of town. Are there any guesthouses there?|I have three guesthouse located in the south. Did you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer something on the cheaper side.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is cheap, 4 stars, located in the south, and includes internet and parking! Would you like me to book?
No not today. I think that is everything I need. Thank you.|Thank you again for using our service. Good day ma'am.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and in the town centre.|Great! We have a wide variety of foods to try. Are you interested in a particular type?
I would like to try gastropub. Do you have one that serves that?|There is a restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar on Corn Exchange Street.  Would you like me to book a table?
No thank you. Can you tell me the postcode, address, and phone number please?|The postcode is cb23qf. The address is Corn Exchange Street. And the phone number is 01223308871. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is a guesthouse, what is there like that?|Acorn guest house looks like it matches your criteria, would you like to try that?
Great, can I get their postcode, address, and phone number?|There phone is 01223353888, postcode cb41da and address 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book there for you?
Yes that would be great. Thank you.|Ok, what days would you like to book your stay?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Friday.|How many people would you like to book this for?
Actually I'm not sure yet how many people will be with me.  Can you just give me their phone number for now?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and free parking.|There an area of town or pricerange you want?
a star of 4 and should be in the cheap range and in the North|The Worth House in meets your needs. Would you like me to start a booking?
Yes, please. On Tuesday for 3 nights for 8 people.|You are all set! Reference number YSGI8LQ1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I might be all set.|Okay great. Have a great day!
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.|I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.|I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?|Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday|Okay. I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number|May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.|I made the booking for you.  Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T.  What else can I do for you?
I need a train.|I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
i will be leaving from cambridge after 15:45|Okay, and where are you traveling to?
i'm traveling to kings lynn and need to leave after 15:45|There are a number of trains that leave after 15:45. The one closest to the time is TR1911 leaving at 16:11. What day would you like to travel?
I'll need the to take the train on Tuesday. I'll need it for the same number of people as my hotel reservation.|Your 1 ticket booking on the TR1911 train was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : O8BN9KXH.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?|Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I want to find a cheap Italian restaurant. Can you help me out?|sure i have 5 options for you
Okay, pick one for me please. It should be in the west.|Okay, that leaves one option, and that's the La Margherita.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for 1 on Sunday at 19:30 please?|Your table is booked, reference #YTAMNAAO. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. Not at this time.|You are welcome.  If I can be of any other assistance, don't hesitate to ask.
Hold on. I also need a hotel. Can you help? Something in the same price range and area as the restaurant.|I found The Cambridge Belfry, would you like me to book it for you?
How many stars is it and can you give me the phone number?|the cambridge belfry has 4 stars and you can call them at 01954714600
Perfect, thanks so much for your help today, that's everything I needed.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.|Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel. Maybe you need a certain area of town?
Either would work for me. Just a decent room is all I really need. I'm going to be at a business conference in the north so maybe in that area.|I think the ashley Hotel best suites your needs, would you like me to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.|Okay, your booking was successful.  The reference number is : BBO5NVNF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thank you for helping|You are so welcome. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge.|Is there a specific time and destination you are traveling to?
i need to get to kings lynn. i want to leave after 20:45|There is a train that leaves at 21:00.
That sounds good. What is the arrival time and train ID? I'll also need the price of the ticket.|TR8387 Will arrive at 21:58. 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the information. I believe I have everything I need.|Okay glad I could help.
Hello, could you tell me if Downing College is still operating?|Yes, Downing College is still operating in the centre.  They're located on regent street	, post code cb21dq.  You can visit them for free!  Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please?|The phone of Downing College is 01223334860. Do  you need a place to stay?
How did you know?! Yes I do! You must be a mind reader! I'd like to find 3-star lodgings, and I definitely DON'T want a guesthouse. Only a real hotel, please!|There are two that might suit you. The Gonville Hotel is in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel is in the south part of town. Do either of those sound good?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.|I have no hotels in the north that meet those specification.   May I try something else?
I just need a 3 star hotel in the north center.|There are no 3 star hotels in the North. You sure a guesthouse won't work?
Let's try the guesthouse, could you provide me with their telephone number?|The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223365664. Can I book a room for you there?
No, thank you. However, could you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|No problem.  What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave and 2:30 p.m and arrive at 3:23 p.m.|I have a taxi, a red skoda, booked for you. Your contact number is 07481840729. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.|You're all set with your booking with the taxi.  Would you like a restaurant in the area for you as well?
No, but you know what? We should probably have the car pick me up at the college at 2:15 p.m. instead.|Sure.  Please look for a yellow Ford.  The contact number is 07901807088 if you need it.  Is there anything else today?
Thank you very much. That's all.|You are welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a great day as well.  Goodbye.|Please let us know if we can do anything else for you.
I need a 3 star hotel in Cambridge, that offers a guesthouse, can you book it for me ?|Yes, hamilton lodge is located on 156 chesterton road.
If this guesthouse is available please book it for me.  By the way, what is the price per night?|I do not have the prices, what day would you like to stay, for how many nights, and how many people?
Before I book, is the guesthouse located in the south part of town and at what price range?|The hotel is found in the Northern part of town and it is in the moderate price range
Great can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting friday?|i have your room all reserved. The reference number is R1E3QVGT. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a barbeque restaurant in the same area and price range as my hotel.|Unfortunately, I could not find a barbecue restaurant using your criteria.  Is there another type of restaurant you would like to consider?
Yes, are there any modern european restaurants in that area?|There are no modern European restaurants in the North but there are 2 in the town center.  Do you want to book one or change type of restaurant.
I'd like to book one for the same group of people at 11:00 on the same day as before.|Neither of the restaurants in the centre are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 10:00 on the same day as before?|I was able to book restaurant alimentum reference number is HCY10A2Z
thank you for booking that and the reference number|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to book a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for the dinner reservation.|Ok, a grey honda will pick you up at the hamilton lodge in time to arrive at restaurant alimentum for your 10:00 reservations.  Taxi contact number is 07242149665. Anything else?
That is it for today. Thank you so much for your help. Good bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I need to find a place to stay with free parking and wifi. What can you find for me?|I have 33 of them, is there a certain are of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like one in the North please.|Please specify your price range and star rating of the hotel you're interested in.
I don't have a preference.|Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse type?
Either is fine. What's the address of your favorite?|The address of Acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you. Is it a hotel or guesthouse? I also need some kind of activity to pass the time.|As stated it is a guesthouse. What kind of activity would you like?
Any is fine. I just need it to be in the same area as the hotel.|Milton country park	is avaibale and free would you like that?
Yes that would be fine. Could you give me an address and the entrance fee?|The address is milton country park, milton, and it is a free attraction.
can i get a taxi to commute between the two places. i leave the hotel at 06.00, get me the contact number and car type please|I have booked a car from the acorn to country park for 06:00. It will be a white volvo contact number 07400057498. Anything else today/
No that was it. Thanks for your help!|So glad that I could assist. Please call again.
Ok. Good bye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for the location of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast please?|They are located in the east side.   Can I help with any other questions?
Could you please book me a stay for one person for 5 nights starting thursday?|I have made the booking here is the information-Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LYYMC1PY. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks for booking the lodging. Would you help with a restaurant? I want to dine in the center at a cheap restaurant.|I found 5 restaurant  that cheap and in the center of the town. Do you want me to book you a table ?
I would like an Indian restaurant please.|I would recommend The Gandhi. Would you like reservations?
Is The Gandhi cheap? If so, I'd like to reserve a table for the same group of people at 14:00 on the same day, please.|I am unable to book that right at the moment. Would you like me to check on another locations availability?
How about 13:00, does the restaurant have this time available?|I was able to book a table for 13:00 the reference number is C5ADLT6M. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|I am happy to hear we were able to help you. Have a great day.
I would like to find a certain restaurant called the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. Can you find it for me?|It is located at 41518 Castle Street City Centre.
Great. Can you make me a reservation for 5 people at 14:30 on Wednesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : XL60G8AI.
Thanks so much. I'm also looking for a place to stay.|We have 33 places to stay in the area. Would you like to narrow down your needs, like price range or area?
Well I would like it to be moderately priced, 4 stars and include free wifi and include free parking.|I don't have anything that fits all your specific requests in that area.  Would you like to try a different area or would you be willing to change specifics?
Surely there's got to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the Cambridge area that offers free parking and internet. Can you please check again?|There are none in the centre area however there are some in the north, south, or east. Which area would you like?
it doesn't matter just book a room for 3 nights I'll need the reference number then too please|I've booked your hotel for a 3 night stay for 5 people.  Your reference number is  IO1X1H8Q.  Can I help you with something else?
No thanks that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'd like to go to a restaurant that serves Chinese food for a moderate price.|I have 4 results for moderately priced Chinese restaurants. Would you prefer north of town or centre?
North of town.|Golden Wok is located in the north that serves chinese and is at a moderate price range. Does this work?
Yes can I book a table for 8 people at 12:00 on saturday, if booking fails how about 11:00? Also can I get the reference number please.|Alright, I will schedule you for Saturday for 8 people at 12:00, at Golden Wok, which is North.  Thank you
Also, I am looking for a place to stay.|The booking for 11:00 is the only one that worked. Reference number is : M2SLL9IE. Where you looking to stay in the North also?
I would also like a place to stay.|Not a problem. Do you have any preferences for the hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses in Cambridge that offer free parking.  Do you have an area preference or a price range?
I would like to find a guesthouse that is expensive if one is available.|I'm sorry but there are no expensive guesthouses available. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Well, try one in the moderate price range.|We have 12 available, what area would you like to stay in?
Is there one available in the north?|There are several that fit that criteria. Do you require parking or internet?
I would like to book any moderately priced guesthouse for 4 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights.|I'm sorry, but I can't book any hotels with that criteria. Would you like to modify your criteria?
can you book something starting on sunday?|We may be able to find something if you shorten your stay. Would you like to try a different number of nights?
Did we not find any hotels in the expensive or moderate price range to accomodate 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday?|I searched for 4 people. Shall we try 8?
I need the hotel for four nights, and eight people please.|I was able to book a reservation for 8 people for 4 nights starting saturday. Your reference number is HU7TJ6XU. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, t hank you.|Thank you. Have a great day
Goodbye have  a nice day!|Thank you goodbye!
I need a place to dine on crossover food. It should be in the centre|There are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Is there a different tyoe of food we can search for?
what about african food?|There is one called Bedouin.  Would you like a reservation?
I would, thanks. I need a table for 6 on Sunday, at 15:30.|Alright, I've got your booking taken care of and your reference number is 75CDS1UP.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, could you also give me some information about the aylesbray lodge guest house?|Yes, they are a moderately priced guesthouse in the south.  They are rated 4stars and include both internet and parking.
Would you be able to book one of those for me please?|I can, what are your arrival details?
The six of us will be arriving on Thursday.|okay and how long is your stay so I can book the room for you
I will need to stay 4 nights please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZF9U0U48.
I also need a taxi that arrives at he restaurant by the booked time.|How many people will be traveling?
It's just me. Is that necessary though?|I was able to book your taxi for you. It will get you to Bedouin by 15:30. Be expecting a blue Honda. Their number is 07893602795.
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day and keep up the great work. Goodbye|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure to assist you today. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye
Yes, I'm trying to plan a trip to Cambridge. Can you please tell me about things to do in town?|There are many things to do in town. Is there a particular area or type of attraction you are looking for?
Yes, I'd like to find something to do in the centre of town.|The Scott Polar Museum in on lensfield road and has free admission.  Does that interest you?
sound great. also looking for a place to stay near there.|There are several hotel and guesthouse options at different price levels in the centre area.  Is there any type in particular you're interested in?
I'm specifically looking for a hotel please.|Cityroomz offers moderately priced lodgings in the centre of town. Would you like a room?
That's fine.  I need it for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|I would be happy to make that booking for you.  For how many people?
Just me - I'm traveling solo.|I completely understand. I just booked the room for you. Your reference number is HGK7QE34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 0 stars?|Yes, actually. Cityroomz is a moderately priced 0 star hotel.
Do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do have free wifi! Would you like me to book a stay for you?
Yes! Can you book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting friday?|That booking was successful, your reference number is TFPBTYHN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for choosing us to book for you. Have a great day!
I need a place to stay in the east part of town|Okay, I can help with that. What is your price range?
Cheap please, and it doesn't need free parking.|The allenbell, autumn house and leverton house fit your needs. Do you have a preference? I'd be happy to book a reservation.
No thank you I just need the information for the hotel please.|The allenbell located 517a coldham lane, autumn house located 710 newmarket road and leverton house located 732-734 newmarket road. May i help you with anything else.
I will need a reservation afterall.  Could you book it for 2 people starting Friday for 2 nights?|Sure, do you want me to book the allenbell then?
The Autumn House, please.|No matching records found would you like to try another ?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:30 on the same day.|I can definitely help you book a restaurant.  In what area do you prefer?
The same one as the hotel please.|I have found the Grafton Hotel Restaurant that meets your requirements.  Would you like your reservations made for there?
Yes I need a table for 2 Friday at 15:30.|Your table is booked, ref# LMTYIDSX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You covered everything, thank you.|Thank you and have a great time in our great city!
Can you locate any four star places to stay?|I have 21 hotels with the 4 star rating.  What area would you like to stay in?
Are there any with free wifi available?|Yes. What area of town could you like to stay in?
I would like for it to be in the Centre.|Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the Centre area, it is a 4 star guest house in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, I kind of was looking for something 4 star rated with free wifi but in the moderate price range if possible. Do you have anything like that?|i am sorry we dont have any like that.
Can you try a guesthouse?|I'm sorry, there are no 4 star places in the centre in the moderate price range. Is there something you'd like to change?
how about one that is in the type of guesthouse?|I am sorry another area perhaps?
Yeah, sorry. Any area is actually fine. I just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. Preferably a hotel, but guesthouse is ok if no hotels available.|alexander bed and breakfast is 4 star but it is in the cheap price range. Is that going to work for you?
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : HVGCSQR9. Anything else I can help with?
Yes please - I love interesting architecture. Is there anything interesting in the west?|There are no architectural attractions in the west. Would you prefer something else, or another area?
Can you chekc for colleges|There are five colleges in the west. I would suggest Churchill College. The entrance fee is free. Would like like the information for it?
Get me their phone number please|Yes, their phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you.Good bye.|Good bye?
I  need a train going to cambridge.|There are a lot of trains going to cambridge, where are you leaving from and what day? What time do you want to leave?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Monday and need a train that will leave that Monday from Bishops Stortford to arrive Cambridge by 10:30.|There are three trains that would work. The earliest leaves at 5:29, the latest leaves at 9:29, arriving at 10:07. Which should I book for you?
I would like to book the 5:29 for 7 passengers if that is available.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IUNU69VQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. i also need a hotel to stay and should include free wifi|Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the west side and also need free parking.|Alright I found two options for you an expensive one and a cheap one. Which would you prefer to book?
I don't have a preference.  What do you recommend?|I would recommend the Hungtingdon Marriott Hotel. It's expensive and in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights on Monday.|Reference number is J9Z5CBKI. Is there anything else?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|You are more than welcome. Goodbye.
I hope so. Can you tell me if there are any 3 star places to stay on the west side?|I see Hobsons House in the west side has a 3 star rating.
Great!  Can you book for 3 nights for me please?|Yes I can is the room only for you?
No, I need a room for two, for 5 nights starting on tuesday.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : F4WXMKYA.
I also need a train for the same day.|Where will you be traveling to and from?
I will to Cambridge from Broxbourne.|I have 19 trains that leave Cambridge for Broxbourne on Tuesday.  What time of day do you want to travel?
I need to leave after 16:30 please.|TR0189 leaves at 17:01, would you like a booking or just more information for now.
How long is the travel time, please?|You will arrive by 18:01.
What is the travel time?|Travel time on this particular train is 60 minutes. Would you like me to book any seats?
No.  I don't need to book.  I am all set.|Great.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks for the information. that is all i needed|Okay well I'm glad I could help.
I am going to the centre and want to go somewhere fun.|Are you interested in having dinner? Going to a bar? Going dancing?
I think I'd like to visit a museum perhaps.  Can you suggest one?|I have the broughton house gallery in the centre the entrance fee is free.
That will be fine I need the address please.|The address is 98 king street.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|Sure, would you like to stay in the same centre area?
Yes please and I'm looking for a 0 star rating.|I have a cheap guesthouse and a moderate hotel in the center, both 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the guesthouse, please. I'd like a reservation for 6 people, 2 nights. We'll be arriving on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2H9TK6B3. anything else?
Thank you that is all I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the west of town.|I have all price ranges and some guesthouses. Any preferences?
Yes, I would like a moderate price range with a 3 star rating.  It doesn't need free internet.|my records shows nome. can  we change location?
Can you recheck the same area that has free wifi?|Sorry I missed it before, I did find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with Internet. The Hobson house. Shall I make a reservation?
yes, if it has a three star rating|It is. On what day will you be checking in, for how many nights, and how many people?
It will be for 6 people for 5 nights starting from Thursday.Can you get me the reference number?|I have your booking for the Hobsons House. Your reference number is A4UULB11. What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the guesthouse, one that serves corsica food.|there is no place they serve corsica food. can you change the cuisine?
Yes!, Please find a reservation of a restaurant that serves Turkish food.|I have anatolia turkish located in the centre. It is moderately priced would you like to make reservations?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 17:30 on the same day.|I can go ahead and book that for you now.
Yes please, can i have the reference number?|I will get that for you now.
Did you book me  at Anatolia Turkish? I need to book for 6 on Thursday at 17:30.|You are booked at the Anatolia. Your reference number is IS9T6H2A. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Great Thanks for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi there. I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|Okay, train TR8131 leaves at 7:17 on Sunday and arrives by 8:08.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it|Excellent, how many are travelling?
The train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after 10:00. I would like 4 tickets for that specific train. I also need the reference number.|I would recommend TR5767 which leaves Cambridge at 10:21 and arrives in Leicester at 12:06.  Would you like this to be booked for you?
Let's back up a bit here. I need to get to London Liverpool Street, not Leicester.|I have TR9025 that I can book for you that departs cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at liverpool street at 13:27. Does that work for you?
It does. Please book for four people and give me the reference number.|I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is G6ULCKEV. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information about a hotel called cityroomz.|cityroomz is a moderately priced 0-star hotel in the centre area. Anything more specific about it you'd like to know?
Yes can you tell me the area it is located in and the postal code?|Yes, it's in the centre area and the postcode is cb12tz. I can try to book you a room if you'd like. Or help you with something else?
That's okay. Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome, enjoy.
I'm looking for an upscale guesthouse.|Your are looking for an upscale guesthouse. I can help you with that. There are a few options, what area would you like?
I don't care about the area. All that matters to me is that it has free wifi.|I don't have any upscale guesthouses available. Is there a different price range I can help you find?
Is there any in the cheap price range then?|How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre?  It is a cheap guesthouse with free WIFI.
Sounds great. I need to be there Saturday and we will be staying 4 nights.|I am sorry, there is no availability for those dates. Would you like me to try to find another hotel?
Yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.|I was able to get you into the El Shaddai and your reference number is JG24DZVF.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else that you need today?
As long as my reservation is for 2 people, we are set. Thank you!|Okay great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you so much. I'm sure I will.|Have a great day! Good-Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, some place expensive and with a 2 star rating.|I found the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.  It offers free internet and parking and is very nice.
I need it to be in the east.|It is. would you like to make a reservation?
Sure, I would love that.|For what day and time could you like the reservation to be made?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need a reservation. But can you recommend an expensive modern european restaurant in cambridge?|in what area are you looking for?
in the east, book a table for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday.|I'm sorry there isn't an expensive modern european restaurant in the east. Would you like to try another area?
Yes please try the north area.|The only modern European restaurant is in the center of town.
Make a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday, a taxi to commute between the two places by the booked time. I need reference number, contact number and care type.|Ok, I have your table booked at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.  Your reference number is NX1LAVOG.  Your taxi will be a yellow Skoda, contact number 07967910816.
Thanks.  You've been very helpful.|Is there anything else you need from me?
No that will be all thank you so much.|You're most welcome. Have a good time.
I would like a guesthouse, four star.|The allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse in the east. Would you like to make a booking?
does it include free parking?|It includes free parking.   Would you like to book a room at this hotel?
Yes, please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting from sunday.|I'm very sorry. That booking was unavailable. Would you like to find another hotel?
Sure.  Any guesthouse in the same price range would be fine.|I have booked you a room at the Autumn House. Their address is 710 newmarket road. Phone number is 01223575122. Reference number is : YU3MOAHH.
Thank you for the reference number YU3MOAHH. Goodbye.|Let us know if you need further help.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday|Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.|We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
No that's all thanks|Okay, have a good day then
Will need a train to arrive by 17:45  and should leave on Friday|There are 252 trains that fit that criteria. Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am in Broxbourne and need to travel to Cambridge on Friday.|There are a total of 12 trains that fit that criteria. Would a train that departs at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32 work for you?
Yes that will work. Could you please reserve tickets for 4 and provide the reference number too?|4 tickets are booked, your reference number is 41TU2A6G
Thank you.  I am also looking for a place to stay.  A hotel in the centre.|There are 3 hotels in center. Is there a price range you prefer?
In the moderate price range|In the moderate price range there is only the cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. For Friday, I'd like to book 4 people for 2 nights at the cityroomz. Please give me a reference number.|Your booking is successful the reference number is FP3FUS6E.
Thank you so much for all of your help. Have a great day.|You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help, thank you for using our service and I hope we see you again.
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?|I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?|It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?|What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.|The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?|They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.|TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Yes, that's wonderful! I need 5 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D7VF1LOX.
Great that's all I needed today thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me find a train going to london kings cross leaving on thursday?|Did you have a certain time you needed to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave cambridge and arrive by 20:15.|I could suggest train TR8636, which arrives by 07: 51, should I book?
I don't need the booking yet. You've already give me the train ID. I just need the departure time and the travel time. Thanks.|you leave at 7 and arrive by 7 51.
What is the travel time? I'm also looking for information on a hotel, carolina bed and breakfast.|The travel time is 51 minutes. As far as that hotel goes, it's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse on the east side.
I want to book for 5 people, 4 nights, starting from sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : K5MBWIXI.
Thanks so much.  That was all I needed today.|If you need anything else, please contact us.
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?|Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave?
I just need to get there by 21:30.|Okay I have a train would you like a ticket to hogwarts?
To Peterborough, please, for 4 people. I need to arrive by 21:30.|I have booked it and the reference is GKJEBZN9.
Thanks, I also need a place to stay in Cambridge. I don't care about free parking, though.|there are so many places. which side do you prefer?
I would like to stay in the south please.|Rosa's Bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the South part of town in the cheap price range including free Internet and parking.
Thank you. What is the postcode?|The post code is  cb22ha. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.  It should include free wifi and be a 3 star.  Can you help me please?|There are five to choose from. Would you like moderate or expensive price point?
I do not care about price.|Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel in the centre with free parking.|I have the gonville hotel. It is expensive. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking? If so, please reserve a room for Tuesday for 7 people, 4 nights.|Done! Your reference number is ODEMZ03R. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you recommend something near the hotel?|i recommend old schools, phone-01223332320
What's the postal code?|the post code is cb21tt
Great that's all I needed. Thank you. Bye.|Have a great day and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi included please.|Sure, is there a particular part of town you'd like to stay in?
I do not care as long as it is moderately priced and has free parking.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north part of town, would you like to book there?
Yes please. It needs to be for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|Great!  I've got it booked for you, and your reference number is BDXD5TFL.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a place to dine. It should serve British food and be in the moderate price range.|I recommend the Oak Bistro in the center of town. Fantastic food and service!
Okay please book a table for  the same group of people at 16:45 on the same day|your all set, reference #MG7EZ1DS. Anything else today?
That would be all.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is cheap|There are ten opitions, that meet your needs, do you have any other preferences?
I want it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking, please.|The belfry would suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
I need to get a reference number first. This booking is for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.|Your reference number is 23U2JK9A.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a restaurant.|What kind of food would you like?
I want a restaurant that serve belgian food|I do not see any restaurants with belgian cuisine. Would you like to try something else?
How about some cheap italian located in the north?|The Da Vinci Pizzeria matches those qualifications. Would you like a reservation or more information?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at 14:15.|Your reservation at Da Vinci Pizzeria has been made for a table for 7 at 14:15. They'll hold the table 15 minutes, and your reference number is P6I1DFWJ.
Could you also help me with a taxi between the hotel and restaurant?|I have booked you a taxithat will pick you all up 13:45. the car type is  grey skoda  and the contact number is 07001660178
Thank You for all your help.|Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that will be all, thank you.|It was a pleasure to help you today. Have a nice afternoon. Goodbye.
Hello, can you help me find information about Finches Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge?|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west area. It is a 4 star cheap guesthouse that offers free parking and internet. Would you like a  reservation?
Yes please! I'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Alright, the booking was successful, your reference number is: LT8DPU71. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks for your help.  Have a good day!|Hope you enjoy your stay, cheers!
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|There are three matching hotel of that description, do you have a set price range to narrow down the options?
I would also like free parking|Huntingdon marriott hotel is available, would you like to try that?
What is their address?|The address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, postcode pe296fl.
Ok great. I need to get a train ticket going too kings lynn on friday. Can you help me?|Looks like there are 19 trains leaving that day. Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I need a train that leaves afer 21:15 and departs from cambridge.|Train TR0394 leaves at 22:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for just myself please.|You are all set.  Reference KKPNSQA3.  The total fee is 9.80 pounds which is payable at the station.  Anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  That's all I needed.  Good bye.|Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to stay for my upcoming trip?  I am excited to see some of your local attractions.|Sure, in what area of town were you looking to stay in? What is your price range?
I'm not looking for a specific area but I would like it to be a 2 star and expensive please.|Okay, the express by holiday inn cambridge matches the criteria. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Does it have free parking|Yes it most certainly does.
Great. Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|I have booked that for you. Your confirmation number is WPKWG3R7.
Great. I am also looking for a particular attraction called Old Schools.|it is a type of architecture located in the centre of town
May I please get the address for Old Schools?|Old Schools are located on Trinity Lane. Can I book a taxi for you to visit this attraction?
Yes, actually. That would be very helpful. I want to leave the hotel by 11:00 to head over there.|I booked that for you and the contac number is 07901150688
Thank you that is all.|Thank you so much for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Can you find me a 4 star hotel with wi-fi?|Yes I have many options in different parts of town, mostly in the cheap to moderate price range do you have any preferences for where you stay?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range please.|There are 11 options located in the east, north, and south. What location would you prefer?
The area doesn't matter. I need one that can accommodate 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Okay I booked you at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is Z0322EQ3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi. I'm looking for something to do. Are there any entertainment attractions in the South part of town?|There is a cinema, museum, park, theatre and nightclub.  Would you like information for any of these?
Could you please give me the postcode, address and entrance free of a museum?|Byard Art is a museum that has free admission. The address is 14 King's Parade and the postcode is cb21sj.
Thank you. I am also looking for a nice expensive hotel. It does not need internet. Can you help with that?|There are a total of 5 different places to stay that are expensive. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No, and it also does not need free parking.|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both 4-star rated hotels. Would you prefer the West or the Center area of town?
I will stay in the west area of town.|Ok, I will contact the Mariott and get you all set up.
Okay, I will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from Sunday.|Your booking has been completed! Here is your reference number VJUBQ1YN. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to take me between the Marriot and the museum.|I will need a departure time or an arrival time between the two locations.
Oh, sorry! I would like to leave the museum by 11:15.|You are all set for 11:15, the car will be a white audi and they can be reached at 07467849660
Thank you for all your help. I am all set now.|Ok, it was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I live in the centre of town and want to see if I can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre?  It is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free internet and wifi.
That sounds like it might work.  Could you check availability for two people this weekend?|What day are they arriving, and how many nights are they staying?
I am unsure at this time.|Okay, would you like some more information about that hotel?
Can you tell me what the address is?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Does this place include free parking?|The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, It has wifi and parking. Does this fit your needs?
You have been very helpful.  I have everything I need, thanks.  Bye|I am glad to help. Have a nice day.  Bye.
I am in center area and need a moderately priced restaurant please.|Yippee noodle bar on King Street meets your requirements if you want asian oriental cuisine.
Actually I'd like european food, please.|We have 4 options for you. Would you prefer european or modern european?
European, please. I want a table for 3 people at 13:45 on Saturday.|The galleria meets your needs.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, and can I get a reference number?|Unfortunately the Galleria does not have any openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try 12:45?|I was able to book a table for three at 12:45.
Can you give me the reference number for that please?|Yes, the reference number is MU055FG9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel. It should be moderately priced, include free wifi and be in the centre of town.|I have Cityroomz in the center that is moderately priced and offers free wifi. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me what type of hotel this is please?|It is a moderately priced hotel in the city's centre. No stars.
Can I get it's postcode?|It's located in Postcode CB12TZ. They can be reached at 01223304050 if you have more questions. Would you like to book a room?
No that's all the info I needed I need a taxi between the hotel and restaurant though to get me there by 12:45.|I was able to book a yellow audi. The contact number is 07525058220.
Okay, thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
I need to find a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse and I'll need free parking for my car.|I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse on the north side. Does that suit your needs?
Does it also have free WiFi?|acorn guest house has internet.  Want to book a room?
Yes, can I get the address postcode and the number of stars it has?|It's a 4 star hotel, the Postcode is cb41da and the address is 154 chesterton road/
Great thank you I am also looking to get some info on the broughton house gallery|The broughton house gallery is a museum found in  the center of town . Entrance is free. Do you need their contact details?
Yes I need the post code as well, thanks.|Their address is 98 king street, the post code is cb11In, and their number is 01223314960. Anything else?
Nope. Thanks so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train that will depart from Birmingham New Street and go to Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are 133 trains from Birmingham New Street and to Cambridge. Is there a particular day and/or time you're interested in?
Yes, I want to leave on Monday and I need to arrive by 11:15|Train TR5747 departs at 7:40 and would arrive in Cambridge at 10:23. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, thanks.|Here is your reference number: QQVPN13M. Total fee will be 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking a 0 star hotel with a cheap price.|I found 2 zero star guesthouses that are cheap.  One is in the north and one in the centre.  Which area would you prefer?
Are you able to find me a hotel in the east with free parking?|There are 3 cheap guesthouses in east with free parking. They are all 4 stars. Would you like me to book one of those?
No, I'd like that zero star cheap guesthouse in the north.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to stay?
Monday. Please give me their phone number , postcode and address|City Centre B&B sounds perfect for you. Their phone number is 01223312823, and their address is 328a histon road, postcode cb42ht. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Thank you. You have been quite helpful.|Thank you very much, enjoy your stay.
I'm wanting information about museums in the centre of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. A few are the regency gallery, the fitzwilliam museum, castle galleries, and primavera.
The fitzwilliam sounds good.  Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely, the fitzwilliam museum's phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a hotel that is cheap and includes free parking.|I found the Cambridge Belfry.  It is located in the west of town.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. That will be all.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, again, that is all, thank you.|Have a great day!
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at?|Definitely - Cambridge has many guesthouses. Is there a particular area or price range you had in mind?
I do not have a preference.|Do you have a price range?
I do not have a price range in mind.|Alexander bed and breakfast comes highly recommended.  It is located in the centre area and has a cheap price range, shall I book there for you?
Yes please for 2 nights starting from Sunday for 4 people. I will need a reference number.|Sure, I will work on booking that for you.
Did you get the reference number yet???|Your reservation for 4 at alexander bed and breakfast this Sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 1FDBJB3A.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. I'll need the postcode for the attraction.|There are many places in the centre of town. Do you have any further preferences or would you like me to recommend one?
No preference. You pick.|old schools is my favourite. can i give you the details?
Yes I need their postcode.|Old Schools postcode is cb21tt. Will there be anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?|What is your destination?
I need to leave the attraction by 15:15 and arrive at the hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	blue honda
Contact number	07444279931
Have a nice day.|Thanks you have a nice day as well.
Thank you very much.|Ok, I have booked you a yellow volvo, contact number 07291792842, is there anything else you need?
That is all I needed thank you for your time.|I'm sorry can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Great! What can I help you with?
I need help finding a place to stay.|I have many places in cambridge. Do you have a price range?
Actually, can we look for a train first? I need to be in Cambridge by 15:15 on Saturday.|Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Ely.|I get put you on the tr4698 and your arrival time will be 13:52, would you like a ticket?
No, could you just give me the price and the departure time please?|The departure time is 13:35, and price is 3.52 pounds.
I also need a hotel room.|What's your budget? could you like something cheap, moderate or expensive?
I don't care about the price. I just need it to be in the North part of town, and have a 4-star rating, please.|There are 8, I recommend home from home guesthouse. They are moderately priced and offer free parking and internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
I do not want a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. We do, however, have 2 hotels with a 2 star rating in that area. Will those do?
Is there a 3-star hotel or guesthouse in the north? The hotel doesn't need to include internet.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Lets go with a guesthouse than|Would you prefer a 4 or 3 star guesthouse? I'm sorry we don't have any hotels meeting your needs. The guesthouses are quality establishments though!
4 star please|I have 5 guesthouses that are 4 stars. Do you care which one I book?
No, whichever you choose will be fine. I'll just need it booked for 4 people, 4 nights, and starting on Saturday.|Arriving at Acorn Guest House on Saturday and staying for 4 nights with 4 guests. Your Reference number is : 152CAPO9.
Great, thank you!|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks.|excellent, have a great day!
Hello, I would like to find the el shaddai hotel. Can you help me?|The El Shaddai Hotel is located at 41 warkworth street, would yo+u like the phone number?
Can I book a stay there for 1 person for 5 nights starting tuesday please?|Your booking was successful, reference number is 8T4AJ6P9, 1 person for 5 nights starting Tuesday at the El Shaddai. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that'll do it. Thanks for your help!|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north, do you need free parking or free internet?
Yes, I am looking for free parking.  Internet is not important.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. Also find me a Train departing from London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15.|London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15 the TR536 leaves at 8:00,Would you like me to book it for you ?
Do they have any cheap places to stay on the west side?|There is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel that are cheap on the west side. Which one do you prefer?
The guest house, please.|finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you, but could you tell me the phone number? And do they have free internet?|Yes they do have free internet, and the phone number is 01223276653.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.|Sure, there are 3.  Is there a particular part of town you prefer?
No, but I am looking for a 4 star hotel.|I see no 4 star rating hotels, there are 2 hotels with 2 star rating in that price range.  Would you like information on those?
I really am interested in a 4 star hotel and would rather not settle for a 2 star hotel.|If you would be willing to stay at a guesthouse instead, I have 11 different moderately priced 4-star guesthouses available throughout the city.  Would any of these be acceptable?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you recommend one of those?|I would recommend Acorn Guest House, moderately priced and includes free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb41da
Great, I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range too.|We have 21 places, I would hate to steer you toward something that wasn't a match, any food preferences?
i would really enjoy some international food.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant both offer international food. Could you like a recommendation?
Let's go with the Bloomsbury. I need a reservation for Tuesday for 7 people.|I will book that for you now.
Thanks. Can you book for 15:45?|Ok   I will book it for you
I'd like to find a French restaurant on the north side of town.|There is one french restaurant in the expensive price range called Restaurant two two, would you like a reservation?
Yes let's do one for 6 people at 16:00 on sunday.|They will hold your table for an extra 15 minutes for you.  Your reference number is 16ONTU2A. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need to find a guesthouse please, preferably one with 3 stars that is near the restaurant.|And on what day would you like to begin your stay?
I'll be starting my stay on sunday and it'll be 3 nights and 6 people|Do you need parking or wifi?
I don't need either.|Alpha-Milton guest house is the best choice. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. I already told you 2 turns ago what the specifics of my reservation are. Please complete it and give me the reference number|You are booked and your reference number is U9RGKUMM. Anything else?
Could you book a taxi between the two places?|I have completed the booking for you. The contact number is 07299510083 and your driver will be driving a white audi. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today! Thanks for all your help! Bye!|I'm glad to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 21 restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by type of food?
Yes, I would like to find something with south african food.|There are no restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves South African food. Would you like to try a different type or a different price range?
What about one in the centre of cambridge that serves spanish food?|There is La Tasca located at 14-16 bridge street. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday.|I'm sorry, but it looks like they have no openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes please try 12:00 with the reservation for 8 and once made, send me the reference number.|Ok. I have booked a table for 8 at 12:00. Your reference number is 797L5BG6. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have any specifications?
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|We have 32 places for such criteria. Do you have an area in mind?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 different options available to you. Is there a price range that you prefer to stay within?
I want the hotel to also be in the centre and moderate price.|okay then cityroomz is your only option. do you want me to book it for you?
Can they handle 8 people? And we'll need it for 3 nights starting the same day as the restaurant reservation.|Ok I have booked your reservation for 8 people on friday. Your reference number is LS1TUGN7. Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, I would also like  to book a taxi to the restaurant.|I have booked a taxi to take you to La Tasca for your reservation.
Can I get the contact number? And what type of car is it?|A blue toyota will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07880874608.  Just to confirm you wanted to arrive by 12:00, correct?
Yes that is correct. Thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else, thank you very much.|You are very welcome.
I need a taxi to take me to the hotel from the airport now, can you give me the number to call?|What specific time do you want to leave?
Never mind. I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It must be in the north and 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House is in the north and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Could I have their postcode and phone number?|The phone number for Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. The postal code is cb41da. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Yes I am looking for information on the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|The sesame restaurant and bar serves Chinese food, located in the centre area at Hills Road City Centre, postal code cb21nw17. You can contact them at this phone number, 01223358899.
I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the Restaurant at 15:45. Can I get the phone number and type of car?|A red volkswagen will take you from the acorn guest house to the sesame restaurant and bar. The contact number is 07193707133
Ok, great. Thank you very much for your help.|Do you need any further assistance today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|Outstanding. Have a good rest of your day!
Could you help me find Cityroomz, please?|I sure can. CityRoomz is located in the centre of town. They offer free wifi. They are at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. Their phone number is 01223304050.
Can you book a room for me there? We'll be arriving on Saturday and need to stay 4 nights. There will be 7 of us staying.|I was able to book Cityroomz for you on Saturday for 4 night, 7 people. Your reference number is 5B7M73DK. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that'll be all, thanks. Bye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I would like to stay at Rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge. can you give tell me their contact information and location?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a charming guesthouse located at 543 Roseford Road. Their phone number is 01 223 512 596. Shall I get a reservation set up for you?
No, I just need information today thanks.  So, it is a bed and breakfast right?  I don't want a hotel.  Any parking or internet available?|Yes it is a bed and breakfast, they do offer internet and parking.  Is there any other information that you need?
looking for a place to dine in moderate price and in the south|I have to places. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Yes chinese please.|would you prefer another type of cuisine? i do not have a chinese restaurant that meets your criteria.
How about checking Modern European food?|I recommend Restaurant Alimentum at 152-154 Hills Road.  Great food.
That's a wonderful suggestion. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223413000. The postcode is cb28pb. May I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye|goodbye and enjoy your meal.
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum|We have tons of museums to choose from. Did you have a specific area in mind?
How about centre?|The Primavera is a museum type attraction in centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the entrance fee and the number.|The primavera's entrance fee is free, its phone number is 01223357708
I also need to find a guesthouse in the moderate price range that is rated by 2 stars and will include free wifi.|we dont have that guest house within your price range. can we try any other?
Rather than a guest house, do you have a hotel that meets those specifications?|There are no 2 star hotels in the centre, but 2 in the north, are you interested in those?
How about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?|How about Lovell Lodge.  It's a hotel in the north with a 2 star rating with a moderate price range.  Can I book this for you?
No I just need an address.|lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road. The postcode is cb41sr.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|Lovell Lodge is a hotel in the north in the moderate price range and a 2 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
No, get me their address instead.|Sure. Lovell Lodge is located on 365 Milton Road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all for today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I sure hope so. A friend recommended the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. What can you tell me about it?|It is a wonderful guesthouse located in the centre of town. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like assistance booking?
That sounds like a great place! What's the address?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I will also need a train on Tuesday.|There are several for Tuesday. Did you have a particular departure and arrival times?
I need the train to depart from Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by 10:15.  I am open on departure time.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of cambridge that is a museum|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Would you like specific information about any of them?
Great! Are there any without an entrance fee?|Yes, all of have free entrance, would you like more info on them?
Which would you recommend?|The museum of archaeology and anthropology is a popular site, would like their phone number or address?
Yes, that'd be great.|The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street with a postcode of cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
yes i am also looking for an expensive hotel|What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter.|There are 5 expensive hotels that I can recommend for you.  Is there anything else you would like to narrow them down?
As long as it has free wifi it's good.|How about huntingdon marriott hotel? They are located in the west and have four stars.
Any three star locations? I'd like an expensive place too.|Yes in the south I have the Lensfield Hotel. Does that interest you?
Does it have free wifi?|It does include free wifi - would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you, could you give their full address?|Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's everything.  Thanks very much!|Okay.  Have a great stay!
I am looking for a mexican restaurant in south cambridge|There is a restaurant called Chiquito Restaurant Bar that is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address?
Yes. Actually can you make a booking for me?|What day,number guests and time of day you would like to dine?
Actually, can you just send me the address?|Their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
I am needing a place to stay with a star of 3 and free wifi please.|There are several options that meet your criteria, what is your price range and what area are you looking for?
i need something cheap|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Do you have an expensive hotel that meets my other criteria?|Sure. There are two. The Gonville Hotel, and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Either of those sounds great. There will be 8 of us for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Can you book that, please?|I am unable to book either of those options. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Darn. Why don't we try booking it for tuesday instead then?|I think the system is down, I am unable to make any bookings.
Is the system back up now?|I can try to book it again.
That would be great, thank you.|I booked you at the gonville, your reference number is J782KUH9, anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Have a great day.
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "Royal Standard". Can you get me the information for that restaurant please?|Royal Standard's phone number is 01223247877. They are located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the food type and price range?|They serve gastropub cuisine and are in the expensive range. Can I book that for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|I am showing 5 types of guesthouses. Four of them have free wifi and parking. How long were you planning on staying?
I'm not sure yet. I'll take a place with free wifi.|Is there a particular area in which you'd like to stay?
I don't have a location preference but can you give me the phone number, postal code and price range?|Of course. I would recommend the allenbell. It is a cheaper hotel. It's postcode is cb13js. The number is 01223210353.
Ok. I will take it.|Great! Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks.  Is there another with free wifi?|the alexander bed and breakfast has free wifi.
Alright, thanks for the information. That was all I needed for today.|You're very welcome, have a lovely day.
Hi, I would like info about museums I could visit on the west side.|Sure, there are several. Most are free.  My favorite one with free admission is Kettle's Yard on Castle Street.  It is on the West side, is that area ok?
That one sounds great. Can you give the address and hours?|The address is castle street and the phone number is 01223748100.
Great, thanks!  I also need a place to stay, I'd prefer a guesthouse.|I found 24 guest houses for you. Any particular area you have in mind?
Yes please. The north side of town and only 4 star guesthouses please.|There are 8 guesthouses on the north side of town. May I suggest Acorn Guest House or Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Both are moderate price range with 4 stars. Which would you like?
The acorn please. can you book that?|Sure, how many days will you be staying and how many people in the room?
Actually, I'll hold off on booking for the moment, but could I also get information about a taxi.|Sure what would you like to know?
first of all does the guesthouse have free internet? That is important. First things first.|Yes it has free parking and internet.
Okay. I need a taxi between the hotel and the museum.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the museum by 16:00, please.|Ok to be clear what is your destination and your departure locations?
Don't you have access to my previous requests?  It would be from Kettle's Yard to the acorn guest house and I need to leave by 16:00.|Yes expect a red Ford to pick you up and his contact number will be 07816413809.
Sounds great! I think I have everything I need now. Thanks for all your help.|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I'm looking to find a place to stay in Cambridge, if you could help me?|Sure! I can help you with that. Are there any particular amenities you are looking for in a hotel?
I'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There is huntingdon marriot hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, do you want me to book you for one of them?
Can I get the phone numbers please?|Huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 	01480446000. University Arms Hotel's number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to eat that serves indian food and should be in the south|I have the Taj Tandoori that is in the expensive price range. This is the only option I have. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you.  This is all the information I need at this time.|Ok.  Have a nice day!
I would like to find a guesthouse in Cambridge that has free wifi.|I have 32 hotels. Do you have any other preferences?
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|In what area of town would you like it to be?
I don't have a preference but I would like free wifi, parking in a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|I found 9 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on the hotels star rating?
No, I don't have any preference on star rating.  Whichever one that meets my previous criteria would be great.|I recommend the Allenbell. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, but could you give me their address, phone number, and post code?|The address is at 517a coldham lane, postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the western part of town, I'm a big sports fan so it should involve any type of sport.|Are only multiple sports center is the cherry hinton village centre in the east, would you care for that or something else in the west?
That is fine, I just need to know the entrance fee please.|I don't have any information about the entrance fee. I'm sure you could call and ask them. Their phone number is 01223576412.
Okay thank you.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you, I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I'm looking for a hotel in East Cambridge.|I have 7 results. 6 guesthouse and 1 hotel. Would you like to narrow it down by price.
Sure, is there anything in the cheap price range?|I have 3 that are cheap, the Allenbell, Autumn House, and the Leverton house.  Do you want to pick one and I will book it for you?
It isn't important that the hotel have free parking.|All of them have free parking. Would you like me to book you at the allenbell?
Could you please tell me the star of the hotel?|The allenbell has 4 stars. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
That would be great!|Okay, what day would you like to book for? I also need to know your length of stay and how many people will be in your group.
I actually don't need to book. Could you just just give me the star rating, postcode and phone number please.|The Allenbell has 4 stars, its postcode is cb13js, and their phone number is 01223210353. Can I help with anything else today?
That is all I needed, thank you.|Thank you!  We are always here to assist you.
Can you tell me about Jesus college?|Certainly. Jesus College is in the Centre of town, on Jesus Lane, CB48BL. There is no entrance fee. Their number is 01223339485 if you'd like additional information. Anything else today?
No. that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|I have lots of options. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
I'm looking for somewhere moderately priced with wifi.|Which area of the city would you like to stay in?
The south. I'd like a 3 star place if you can find one.|Bridge Guest house is moderately priced and rated 3 stars.  It is in the South.  Would you like to book a room?
If it offers free Wifi, sure. I need a single for 3 nights starting Thursday.|Ok great, your room has been successfully booked.  Your reference number is X33X44F6.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a taxi to commute between the hotel and Jesus College?|Can you tell me at what time you will be needing taxi service, please?
Yes, I want to be picked up at the hotel no later than 11:00.|Your taxi was booked! The car type is yellow ford and the contact number is 07799391309.
Thanks so much. That was it for me for today. Have a good night. Bye.|Thank you for using Help Desk. Have a great day.
Yes, I need a hotel that offers free wifi & parking.|There are 8 to choose from with your preference. Is there a certain area or price range you'd prefer?
I need one in the moderate price range and a guesthouse would be great.|I have 12 results here. Do you prefer one with a certain number of stars or in a certain area?
Not really. Is there one you would recommend for someone who was never been to Cambridge before?|I think acorn guest house would be perfect. Would you like more information?
No, I would like you to book 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is IGONQKG9. Would you like anything else?
whats the entrance fee and post code.?|cb41da is the postcode
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|There are over 30 places of lodging in the city. Would you prefer a certain part of town, or a particular type of lodging such as a guest house or hotel?
Just a 4 star guesthouse that has free parking please.|What area would you like the guesthouse to be in?
Do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Would you like me to book you at the acorn guest house? It has free parking and it's a 4-star hotel.
Can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights?|I am sorry I couldn't get that booked for you perhaps another day or a shorter day possibly?
Could you try it for one night only?|Yes booking is available for one night,would you like me to place it?
Yes please, and I'll need the reference number.|Ok I have made that reservation for you the reference number is OXWO0RWD.
I am also looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the west.|I'm sorry there are no matches for what you are looking for. Would you like something else?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food?|There are 5 Expensive Indian restaurants in the west. I recommend Cocum. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Cocum sound fine, but I just need the postcode, please.  No reservation.|Of course.  The postcode for the Cocum is cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye!|Enjoy your meal!
I need help locating a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|There are 5 results. What area would you like?
I don't care which area, as long as I can make a reservation.|I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton, The restaurant's address is Jesus Lane Fen Ditton.
Please reserve a spot for me and two other friends (3 total) on Friday at 17:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1MYWH06H.
I'd also like a place to stay with free wifi in the west.|There are four places to pick from any other preferences?
How about a 4 star rating hotel?|Okay, I found two options for you:  The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry.  Do either of those interest you?
I would like it to be in the west.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a fine 4-star hotel in the west. How many rooms would you and your friends require and I'll make the reservation on your behalf.
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking and free internet. Would you like a reservation?
No, thank you. I would just like the hotel's phone number.|their phone number is 01480446000.
Great, thanks.  I'm also going to need to get a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for our reservation time.|I have you a taxi. A Yellow Ford. You can contact them at: 07153648167
Thank you very much today. That is all.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
Can you find a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range?|Just to clarify, is it a hotel you need, or will a guest house serve? Because I have 4 guest houses matching your needs, but no actual hotels.
No it needs to be a hotel that includes wifi|I'm sorry, I don't have anything that matches that description, but I do have two 2-star hotels with WIFI in the moderate price range.
Does one have free parking?|Two do, the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge.
Actually, a guest room will be fine.  As long as it is a 3 star moderate. I'd like both free wifi and free parking.|I have only two star hotels, would you mind restating the exact criteria you need in a room please?
I need a moderate hotel, free parking for 4 people, 2 nights on friday. I need a reference number too please|And you said a guesthouse would be fine, correct? I have the Bridge Guest House which is a 3 star with free internet and parking.
Yes, book it please.|That one is unavailable. Would you like me to try one of the others?
Yes a hotel in the same price range.|I booked a room for you at the Hamilton Lodge on Chesterton Road.  Your reference number is CU50DW9Y.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That is it. Thanks so much for your help!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town. The hotel needs to include free parking.|How about arbury lodge guesthouse? It's moderately priced.
That sounds great! Can you tell me more about it?|The Arbury Lodge has 4 stars and is located at 82 Arbury road, in the north. They offer both free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights starting Wednesday. There will be 8 of us.|You are booked and your reference number is NY842ATU. Can I help you with anything else today?
That should do it! Thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
I'd like to find an attraction in the centre of town, please.|Of course! What type of attraction did you have in mind?
Do you have any swimming pools? I might want to go swimming.|Parkside swimming pool is in the cenre area.  Will that work for  you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can I get their address please?|The address is gonville place, phone number is 01223446100.  I'm not showing if there is an entrance fee.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
I also need to find a Guesthouse to stay in while visiting.|We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I would like free parking and free wifi.|That gives us about 21 options. Is there a price range you prefer so that we can narrow the choices down?
Not really. Please give me a recommendation|How about the Artchway House in the north? It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?|Success! Your reference number is PWUYRMWP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi, can you help me. I need to leave the hotel by 4:15.|A white Ford will pick you up at the hotel at 4:15 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07909004029. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nah, you've been a great help mate. Thanks a million.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Hello there, when I visit Cambridge, I'd love to go to a college. Are there any in the centre?|Yes, there are 5 in that area. I could recommend christ's college or corpus christi.
Corpus Christi is fine.  May I have the address and phone number?  What is the entrance fee?|Sure, the entrance fee is free. The phone number is 01223334900, and their address is Saint Andrew's street with the postcode of cb23bu. Is there anything else I can do?
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a 2 star hotel?|There is Ashley Hotel, Express by holiday inn cambridge, and lovell lodge. Which would you like to book?
I'm not looking to book just now, but are any of those a bit more moderately priced? I'm on a budget.|Ashley Hotel is in the moderate price range. Their address is 74 Chesterton Road and the number is 01223350059. Anything else I can assist you with, today?
Yes, sorry, I'm getting more information from my group just now. If the Ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 2 nights, starting Friday?|Yes, there is WI-fi, however, that hotel is not available for these days.  Can I book a different day or a shorter stay?
Yeah, try shortening the stay to one night only.|I was able to book you for friday. Your reference number is J4WC147. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed! Thank you|My pleasure.  Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!  Goodbye.
How many museums are in town?|We have 23 museums here.
Could you choose the best and give me their phone number?|The Cambridge Artworks is on the east side of town and their phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like it to be in?
I would like the centre.|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and what's your price range?
A hotel please.  I don't care about price.  I do want free parking and 0 stars.|I am sorry but I can find no matching hotels for your request.  Would you like to try a guesthouse or a different star rating?
How about one that has a star of 4?|university arms hotel meets your requirements.
Ok that will work I need the phone number please.|Yes, their phone number is 01223351241.
Thanks a lot.|Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope.  That is all I needed.  Thanks!|Hope you have a wonderful stay here in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a particular hotel called the kirkwood house. Where is it, and what other information do you have about it?|the Kirkwood House is in the north and it sports a four star rating. It has internet and parking and the price range is moderate. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect. Can you reserve it for seven people?|Sure, I can book it for you.  What day did you want to arrive and for how many days?
5 nights starting Thursday.|You are booked for 7 people, 5 nights starting thursday. Your reference number is ZFREK5SQ. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a train to cambridge on thursday.|Where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Norwich and want to arrive by 13:00.|TR3078 departs at 11:16 and arrives by 12:35. Would you like a ticket?
not right now, what's the travel time on that ride?|The travel time of that train is 79 minutes.
thanks for your help you have been great!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am looking for a place to stay in the north.|Yes I have many options in the moderate price range. Do you need wifi or free parking?
Yes, I need both wifi and free parking.|How does the acorn guest house sound?  It is in the north part of town, in the moderate price range, and has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you book it for 6 people starting Tuesday for a total of 2 nights?|The Acorn Guest House is unavailable at that time, but I booked you for the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse instead. It has all of the same features.
Okay. May I have the reference number?|Reference number is : 3Y3AE0U7.
Thank you for booking it.Goodbye.|Is there anything else you need?
I want to know about the Cambridge and County Folk Museum|It is a lovely museum located in the west part of town, at 2-3 castle street.  Can I get a phone number for you?
No but I do need the address please.|The address is 2-3 castle street.
Great!  I also need a moderately priced hotel that is in the east.  Can you help?|Is free paring and internet important to you?
Free wifi would be great. I don't care about the parking.|I found a few guesthouses.  Would that type of room be ok with you?
are any of them a 4 star?|I have three that are 4 star. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.|Okay, I recommend the Warkworth House. I want to make sure this is okay with you before I go ahead and make a reservation.
Yes, that sounds great. Can I please have the reference number as well?|Your reservations have been made for five people for two nights beginning Wednesday.
Can you find me a cheap hotel with free parking?|Most of the cheap options we have are guesthouses, though I do have one hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
How many stars does this hotel have, and does it have wifi?|It has a 4 star rating and wifi yes.
Can you tell me the name and phone number of that hotel please?|It is the Cambridge Belfry hotel and the phone number is 01954714600. Do you need any other details?
No, actually that did it. I have all I need. Thanks again. Goodbye.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge, at least a 4 star place please|I've found 3 total entries for what you're searching for. The hotels are all 4 stars and ranges from cheap to expensive. It can be filtered down more to include prices.
are any of them on the north side of town?|No, sorry. Would you like me to try searching for something else?
Can you check the north side for other hotels?|Yes I can search for other hotels, do you want to change the star from 4?
i'd prefer a 4 star in the north|I'm sorry there are still no matching results. I can try a different part of town if you would like.
Is there possibly a guest house?  I need free parking also.|There are a number of guesthouses in that area with 4 stars. Do you have a price preference?
No, no price preference. What do you recommend?|I'd suggest Acorn Guest House. It is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north with 4 stars. Would you like me to book any rooms?
Yes for 7 for 2 nights starting sunday, need the ref # too please|Your booking for 7 people at acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : J5ZLG2WN. Will you need anything further today?
Yes, please. Are there any park attractions in the same area as the Acorn Guest House?|Yes, Milton Country Park.  It is located at Milton Country Park, Milton, postcode cb46az.
Can I have their phone number, please?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I needed. Thanks a bunch. Bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for moderately-priced three-star guesthouse in Cambridge.|There are four guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you need internet or parking?
It doesn't need to have free parking and I don't care about the internet. Which guesthouse can accommodate for 3 people?|I have located one hotel matching your search criteria, the Alpha-Milton Guest House. The phone number is 01223311625. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would like to call them myself please. Thank you.|Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please. Can I actually have you book them? I need the reference number as well.|Sure. I will need to know how many people you would like to book it for, what day you would like and how many days you would like to stay.
I'll need the reservation for 3 people starting Saturday for 4 nights.|I have booked your stay at the alpha-milton guest house. The reference number is HS3MWJ10
Thank you, I will also need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Saturday. Is there anything available?|There are 38 trains from Peterborough to Cambridge on Saturday, all throughout the day. Can narrow down the time of day you wish to travel?
I wish to arrive before 12:45.|There are 14 trains arriving by that time. When would you like to leave?
Saturday from Peterborough to Cambridge for 3 people. I will need the reference number too please.|Right, Saturday, did you have a time you want to leave by? The trains leave every 30 minutes starting at 5:19
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as I arrive by 12:45.|TR5538 leaves at 11:48 and will arrive by 12:38. Would you like for me to book this train for you?
Yes, for the same group of 3 people from before.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is PR8JE3DU and total is 39.59 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I think that will be it, thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello, I am looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday.|Where will you be traveling to?
To Broxbourne.|I have 19 trains going to your destination. To help narrow down the search, can you tell me what time you want to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|First train pulls out at 18:01. Can I get you tickets?
No thank you but can I get the Train ID and travel time for that?|Sure. It's train TR5484 and it has a duration of 60 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to find a hotel that is in the moderate price range in the centre.|I have just 1 hotel that fits your criteria. It is CityRoomz located in the centre of town. It has a 0 star rating. They offer free internet.
Thank you. I'd like to book a room for myself on friday, for four nights.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : JUIAKE8A.
Wonderful. Thank you for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.|Thank you, and please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Have a great day!
Hi, I'd like a 3 star hotel please. And also internet!|I have some moderately priced guesthouses and some expensive hotels that meet your needs. Do you have a preference?
Actually, I don't have a lot to spend. Do you have anything in a cheap price range?|Sorry, but I don't have any cheap 3-star places in town.
Okay, why don't we splurge a little. How about telling me what you've got that's expensive?|The Gonville Hotel in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel in the south are both 3 stars and expensive. Would you like to book one of them?
I'd like to book a room at the Gonville for 5 people. We'll arrive on Saturday and will stay for 4 nights, please.|Perfect!  Your booking was successful.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for my reservation please?|324XPFHG. is your  reference number, anything else?
I am also looking to eating Italian, in the East part of town.|We have the pizza hut fen ditton, would you like me to make reservations?
Could I get the address and price range first?|Sure, the address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road in Fen Ditton and the price range is moderate.
Thank you that's all I needed today.|You're very welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Howdy! I'd like to go to a museum.|We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Could you help me narrow down your search with an area or price range?
Could you recommend one to me? I am not looking for one in particular. May i also have it's postcode?|Sure, Cambridge Artworks Museum is on Greens Road, post code cb13ef.  Is there anything I else I can help you with today?
Can you recommend an expensive guesthouse?|Unfortunately, I don't have any guesthouses that are in the expensive range. Is there any other price range you would consider?
I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse in the north.|There are no zero star places in that area, can I checked another area for you or another star rating place?
How about one in the cheap price range?|There is the City Centre North B and B.  Would you like me to book this for you?
If you could, that would be awesome.|I believe that's your job, right? Could you book it for me?
Is that in the cheap price range?|Yes. I can go ahead and book that for you if you can give me the the days you'd like to stay.
Can I book for 8 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday?|Unfortunately I was not able to book that time slot for you. is there another day you would like to try?
Looks like there's some confusion. I need the hotel on Tuesday, for 3 nights, and 8 people. If that doesn't work, try 2 nights instead.|Okay, I was able to book you for 2 nights with 8 people at City Centre North B and B. Your reference number is NXW9XX08. Is there anything else?
Thank you. No, that will be all.|Great! Thanks for using our service.
Sure.  Have a nice day.|You as well! Goodbye!
i'm looking for rosa's bed and breakfast|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the South area of town. Would you like any more information?
No, that's great, thank you. Could you reserve rooms there for 3 people for 3 nights starting Thursday?|Let me look and see if I can find you a room for three people for three nights starting on Thursday.
If that doesn't work, please try for Sunday.|You are all booked. Reference number is 69V5E4KX.
Are you aware of any Scottish restaurants in the south?|No I am sorry there no Scottish restaurants available in the South.  Would like to try another area?
No, what type of cheap restaurants are there?|In the south there are 2 cheap restaurants. One is Chinese and the othe is Portuguese.
I prefer the portuguese restaurant.|Nandos is a very popular restaurant serving portuguese food in the south area of town in the cheap price range. Would you like more information or to book?
Can you book for the same group of people at 12:00 the same day?|You're all booked. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you! What is the reference number please?|Reference number is : 8T2T8N3Q.
Thank you. That is all for today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a certain hotel someone recommended, I think it's called the Gonville?|I have the gonville hotel. It is in the centre area of town. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, please, I need a room for 3 nights for one person, starting on Saturday.|I am sorry there are no rooms available at that time,can I help you find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range please?|How about the University Arms Hotel? It is in the same price range.
Is that rated similar to the other one?|The rating is actually one star better. Is that one fine?
Yes please boook me that one.|All right, I have you booked at the University Arms with reference number JAD762EV. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. You have been very helpful with all your assistance.|Pleasure all mine. Have a nice stay!
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free wifi.|I have 2 cheap guesthouses and moderate to expensive hotels in the center of town. Do you have a preference?``
Moderate would be best.|Cityroomz, located at Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road is moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they offer free wifi? If so, I would like to have the address, please.|Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests. The address is: sleeperz hotel, station road. Anything else I can get you?
i also looking for places to go in town.The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the same area as the hotel|There is no entertainment in the same area would you like somewhere else
Okay, could you look for one that is architecture instead?|There are actually 5 architectures in the area. Would you consider the all saints church?
sounds good. Does it have an entrance fee?|no, all saints church is free of entrance.
That's all i need. you have been very helpful. Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Have fun in Cambridge!
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.|There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks|Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.|I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.|Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book that for the same group of people.|I booked 3 people departing Norwich on train TR8899 at 14:16 Saturday and arriving in Cambridge at 15.35. The reference number is 8XF0PN0Q. The fee is 42.24 GDP. Anything else?
Thank you for arranging the lodging and transportation. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for information on concert halls in the east. Can you give me any suggestions?|I'm afraid I didn't find any. Would you like to look in another area?
Yes an you check the south please?|unfortunately there isn't anything in that area either. would you like to try another location?
how about just entertainment instead?|I have two entertainment venues in the south.  I have Nusha and Tenpin.  Would you like their phone numbers?
could you please provide the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for each.|The tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The phone number is 08715501010 and the post cod is cb17dy.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi.|I have several guesthouses available. What area of town would you like?
Any area will do. Is there a cheap one that's 4 stars, with wifi?|We have several options that match your criteria across town. Before I recommend something, please tell me your budget range
I just need it to be cheap and available on Tuesday.|There are 7 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
can't you suggest one and book a room for 2 for 5 nights starting tues. please.|I booked you a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. The reference number is WA6812S5. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi from the attraction to the hotel, I want to leave the attraction by 06:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07479503082
Can i help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that offers free parking.|I show 21 responses. May I have the location you are interested in? Also a price range would help refine our search
I would like to stay in the Centre in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly?
Im sorry. The area and price range do not matter. I need a 3 star guesthouse with free wifi please.|I'm sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly?
I want a place to stay in the north of town.|Okay, any other preferences? We have plenty of options.
I would like something with a 2 star rating if possible.|We have ashley hotel on chesterton road or lovell lodge on milton. Would you like me to book one of those?
Bood ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday.  What is the reference number please?|Yes your reference number is N9AC95R7. I hope you enjoy your stay.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me with that?|Of course. When would you like to leave by?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave after 21:15.
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should be on the same day as the hotel booking|I have train TR3736 leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 9:23.  Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave after 21:15. I also need it booked for two people.|How about train TR7324 that leaves at 21:40 and arrives by 24:23. Would you like to make reservations on that?
Yes please. I need tickets for 2 people.|Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3YS7IOSA. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all today.. Thanks. Goodbye|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
What can you tell me about the El Shaddai?|El Shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in centre. It is cheap in price and offers free parking and wifi. Would you like more information?
I need to book 8 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is BM7GDJZQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a steakhouse that is cheap.|I was unable to find a steakhouse in that price range.Would you like me to try moderate range or did you have a certain area you'd like me to check?
Yes can you find me a restaurant that serves Italian food?|I see 5 cheap italian restaurants in town. Do you have an area preference?
I want the restaurant to be in the north|There is one cheap italian place in the north. It is da vinci pizzeria. Do you need any further help?
Yes, I want to book the restaurant please. For 8 people at 11:45|Could you give me the  day you are wanting the reservation for?
Friday the same day please|Okay, you are booked with reference number GE3PDYJ8. Anything else for you today?
No that will be all. Thanks!|Okay, I hope you have a great time in town!
Hello, I would like information on Milton County Park.|Milton county park is in the north side area and their phone number is 01223420060. Their address is Milton county park, Milton and postcode is cb46az with free entrance fee.
Yes thank you! That is all I needed.|I am glad I could be of assistance. Have a good day!
Sorry, also, I need information on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|Sure it is a guesthouse in the centre, it is priced cheap with 4 stars, it has internet and free parking.
Perfect. I was curious about how many stars they had. Thanks so much for the information.|Would you like me to book you into alexander bed and breakfast? I will need the details of your stay.
Maybe. How many stars is the hotel rated?|It's rated 4 stars. Is there any other information you'd like about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast to make your decision?
No I need some time to consider my choices. Thank you for your help today. That is all the information I need.|Okay.  If you need any help with reservations, please give me a call back.
Thank you for your help.  I will.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|What area would you like to stay? And do you have a certain pricerange?
No, price range in mind, but I would like it to be in the centre.|alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place
What type of accommodation is this?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house, in the center, with a four star rating, Wi-Fi, and parking.
book for 7 people and 2 nights starting from thursday and get the reference number|Booking was successful. Your reference number is WW2TM0V8. Will that be all?
I am looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge|Where will you be going to?
I have a business meeting in Ely. I definitely need to be on time, so I need a train that will arrive by 19:45.|TR1469 has the latest arrival time of 18:07. Would you like for me to book it?
No thank you. I just need to find out how much it is going to cost.|The cost is 3.52 pounds.
Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north, do you need free parking or free internet?
Yes, I am looking for free parking.  Internet is not important.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. Also find me a Train departing from London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15.|London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15 the TR536 leaves at 8:00,Would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge.  I was thinking about visiting a college.  Any suggestions?|Would you be interested in visiting Christ's college located in the city centre on Saint Andrew's Street?
That sounds great, I'll need the address and entrance fee information, please.|Certainly, Christ's College is free and located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you help me find the Limehouse hotel?|Sure can. It's a moderately priced, 4 star guest house at 78-80 milton road.
Does the hotel have free wi-fi?|Yes it does and parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you I just need their postcode and phone number please.|The post code is cb42je. The phone number is 01223300552.
that is all for now. thanks for your help.|Thanks for using this service. Have a nice day.
I need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town.|Sure, there are 2 of them.  I would recommend the Lovell Lodge at 365 Milton Road.  Can I book it for you?
Does it offer free parking?|Yes, and free wifi.
Perfect. I need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. We will be arriving on Saturday.|Your room is booked!  Please don't lose your reference number: XR73PKHC  Is there anything else I can help with?  Perhaps a restaurant reservation?
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. I'd like to eat hungarian food.|Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive Hungarian restaurants listed. Is there a different price range or food type that I can find for you?
How about british food then. expensive british food.|There are 6 great restaurants to choose from. Are you looking for a particular area of town?
No,but Im need British food for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day|Well I have many. Shall I choose one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.|I have booked you a reservation on saturday at the cambridge chop house. Your reservation number is 28XENSML. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.|Your booking is completed. Car type, yellow BMW and contact number 07980498702. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need today.|I hope you have a wonderful time.
wonderful time too|Great let us know if you need anything else. Bye!
i'm  looking for places to go in town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a specific part of town?
In the east, please.|Is there a certain type of place you are looking for?
I would like a cheap place to stay at with 5 stars.|I'm sorry, but there are no 5-star accommodations in all of Cambridge.
Are there any 4 star places I can stay? I also need free internet.|Which area would you like to be in?
I am not particular.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast, in the Centre part of town?
Yes, I want that from Sunday on for 4 nights. 3 people will be staying.|Alright you are booked and good to go! Here is your reference number V84DYHI3. Is their anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that will be all I need today?|You're welcome, have a great day!
Howdy, I was wondering if the alpha-milton guest house still does business?|The Alpha-Milton guest house still does business. It is located at 63 Milton Road in the North side of town.
I would like to stay at the alpha-Milton guest house.|When would you like to stay there and for how many nights?
I need it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on a Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IH9GBUZF is there anything else i can help you with today?
im also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre and tell me the food type|I have several cheap restaurants for you. Would you like to try a Chinese one?
That is fine. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|The Rice House is very good and close to the hotel. Do you want me to book it for you?
No I don't need the restaurant booked but I do need a taxi.|Ok, where will you be leaving from?
Leaving The Rice House to go to the hotel|And what time do you wish to arrive by?
i want to leave the restaurant by 02:15.|Booking completed! Lookout for a blue Toyota, contact number 07897851173. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help. Have a good day!|Have yourself a good day as well. Bye.
Greetings, got any British food places in town?|Yes what price range would you like?
Moderate please.|What area would you like to dine in?
I would like to eat in the Centre.|I recommend the the oak bistro.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 4 at 15:30?|I was able to book it, reference number is WA7QCIIZ
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the same price range and area as the restaurant.|The only moderately-priced accommodation in the center is the Cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room there?
Sounds good. I'd like to book for 2 nights starting tuesday|How many people should I book the room for?
I would like it booked for 4 people, please.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is 2QE9RSSH.
That will be all.  I appreciate your time.  Have a good day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay on the north end. I'd like a place with free wifi.|Can I get a hotel type you are looking  for?
It needs to be in the moderate price range|There are 8 guesthouses and two hotels meeting your needs. Do  you have a preference as to type?
No, I dont have a preference. I need it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|Here is the reservation in Avalon guesthouse, the address is 62 gilbert road, post code cb43pd, and the phone is 01223353071.
Thanks thats all I need today,goodbye.|Your welcome and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking|The Cambridge Belfry fits your request.  Would you like to book a room?
Sorry. I prefer a guesthouse. Does the Cambridge Belfry meet that requirement?|I apologize, it does not. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Yes, it should be in the cheap price range.|How about allenbell? It looks lovely.
Sounds interesting! What area is it in?|The allenbell is in the east area. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have internet?|Yes, the allenbell meets all your needs. Shall I book the guesthouse for you?
Wait, first let me know: do they have internet access?|Yes, the Allenbell has internet service. Would you like me to book this location for you?
I don't need a booking yet. I do need the postcode, though.|The postcode for the Allenbell is cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you also please tell me the area that is in?|Sure, the Allenbell Guesthouse is located in the east. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help today.|You are more than welcome!
I need an expensive place to stay.|There are several options. Which part of town would you like?
Please look in the centre of town.|What star rating would you like?
I don't have a star rating preference but it needs to have free wifi.|I have Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes can you please book four nights starting thursday|I will be happy to book a room for you for four nights starting Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need you to make that reservation and provide a reference number.|And how many people do you need the reservation for?
Actually I changed my mind just 2 nights for 5 people|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UJUMJ5OS. Anything else you need?
Yes, I need the postcode for Bangkok city restaurant please.|The postcode is cb23jx. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No, thanks, but I will be needing a taxi.|I can book a taxi I just need the following information the travel time, departure site and the arrival destination.
Nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. I should leave by 2:15.|I have booked you a taxi at 2:15. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572703155. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Hi. I am looking for a place to stay.|I can narrow your results if you would like to be more specific. Otherwise Allenbell on Coldham Lane gets 4 stars.
I'm looking for a cheap 4 star hotel in the east that has free wifi.|OK, there are 3 to choose from.
Please recommend the best one, I need to book a stay for 7 people starting Thursday for 2 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Q884IOVI.
Thanks! Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near the hotel?|I'm sorry, there is not an Indian restaurant in the east that is cheap. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or expensive instead?
How about Indian restaurant with moderate price range and do not care about location|There are four that meet your criteria. Two in the east, one in the north, and one in the west. Which one would you like more information on?
I would prefer one that is located in the east.|Curry price is located in the east and moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
Yes, I will need to book it for the same day.|I need a time and for how many people please.
There will be 7 of us.|What time should I reserve it for?
I would like the table at 16:45, please.|You are booked. the reference number is 6SOS8UJ4
Great.  I have all that I need.  Thank you very much!|Let me add that you were booked into the Autumn House. If that is all, have a wonderful stay in Cambridge. Goodbye.
Hi, I need a place to stay. Something expensive on the north side.|I'm sorry, but there is not a single expensive hotel or guesthouse on the north side of town. Would you like a different area or perhaps a different price range?
How about any part of town with free parking and free wifi?|I have 5 different options for you. My recommendation would be the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Its in the west side and is expensive with a 4-star rating. Would that work?
Is there something in the cheap price range?|There are 2 cheap guesthouses if you still want to stay on the north side of town, they both have internet and parking. Would either of these work?
Yes please. I'll need the phone number and hotel type please.|All right, the Worth House is a guesthouse that should meet your needs. The phone number is 01223316074. What other informatoin do you need?
That's all I need. Thank you.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in our city!
I need a cheap place to stay, what would you recommend?|I have about 10 different options. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
It doesn't matter.  I need free parking and prefer a place with 4 stars.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre of town, has 4 stars, is cheap, and has free parking and internet. Would this work for you?
Yes, this will work for me. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.|Absolutely. The Address is: 56 saint barnabas road cb12de and I can give you the reference number after we book it.
What type of hotel is this?|It is a guesthouse.
And what type of hotel is that?|A guesthouse is a type of hotel, thus it is a guesthouse type.
I'd like some information on a train next.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Kings Lynn, and traveling to Cambridge.|There are many trains to your destination what time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by 16:45 and should leave on wednesday.|The TR2452 arrives in Cambridge leaves at 15:11 and arrives at 15.58. Would you like to book it?
No, thanks! How long is the travel time?|The travel time is 47 minutes and is 9.80 pounds. Can I give you more information about this train or book you a seat?
No thank you. That is all I need today.|Thank you and have a great trip.
Hello, I'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of multiple sports and is located in the centre.|I'm sorry. There is no multiple sports attraction in the center of town.
No problem, are there any college places?|christ's college is in the centre, as are many other college's in fact.
Please pick one, and tell me the entrance fee and post code.|Emmanuel college is free to visit and the postal code is cb23ap.
I also need a moderate place to stay, with free parking.|There are 4 places to stay in the Centre area two are guesthouses and two are hotels. Do you have a type preference or price range?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel, that has a 4 star rating.|I'm afraid we don't have any like that in the center. There's a cheap 4-star guesthouse and an expensive 4-star hotel. Would either of those work for you?
Does it have free wifi at least?|They both have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Book it!  Need 3 people for 5 nights starting Friday.  Thank you.|I booked 3 nights for 5 people at university arms hotel beginning friday.  They are located at regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
Awesome! Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome. Will you need a taxi to the hotel?
Yes please. I want to leave the attraction no later than 22:45.|Booking completed! Look for a black toyota at 22:45. Contact number	:	07067597569
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can help again.
Bye, take care|Goodbye! Have a great stay in Cambridge!
Could I ask for your help in finding a guesthouse to put my friends up in nearby?|Of course! Cambridge boasts many wonderful guesthouses. What did you have in mind?
Some place moderately priced, with free wifi.|I have 14 options spread out all over town. Do you have a preference as to the area you want to stay?
I don't have a preference. Which one looks best to you?|The A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed. Have a great day!|You're welcome. Please contact us if you need more information or would like to make a reservation. Have a wonderful day!
I will be sure to do that.|Here is the number for the guesthouse if you have any further inquiries: 01223315702. Thank you!
I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.|Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.|Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after 14:45.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.|I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
You should have replied with the booking information.  Please book this now or get me a manager.|Booking was successful! The reference number is: Z8267UZK. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.|We have many fine options, but I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north. Moderately priced, but 4 stars!
That'll work. Please book it for 6 people for 5 nights. We'll check in on Thursday|The booking for The Acorn Guest House was successful. Your reference number is 0TLAGN37. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the moderate price range|Alright. what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in the east.|There are three locations which fit your needs, sir. The Warkworth House is an excellent choice.
Okay, I want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Unfortunately, the hotel couldn't accommodate you. would you like to change the day or time?
What about on Friday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 49R7ARU6.
Great, thanks so much!|Thank you goodbye
I need to get out of Cambridge quick! Can you find me a train for tomorrow, Tuesday?|I can help you. What is your destination?
I would like to arrive to Cambridge from Broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:45.|A train is leaving Broxbourne at 16:32, arriving Cambridge at 17:32. Shall I book a seat for you?
Yes. I actually need 3 seats|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is Y25Y52KM.
Can you find me a place to stay in the centre. I don't need internet.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any matches, would you like to try something else?
No thank you I will call back|Ok. Is there anything else you need? Information about attractions or a restaurant reservation perhaps?
Well, I do need a place to stay. How about one with free wifi in the centre of town?|Do you mind if it's a guest house? The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an inexpensive 4 star guesthouse offering both free wifi and free parking.
No, I really would like a hotel in the centre with free parking and it can have wifi.|All of the 4 star hotels in the area are expensive. Would you like me to drop the star rating for you, or are you okay with it being expensive?
If there are no hotels with free parking in the centre, how about one with free wifi?|The university arms hotel sounds perfect: hotel in the centre of town, expensive, 4 stars, with internet and parking. Can I book a reservation for you?
I guess that will work book for 2 please|OK. What day will you want to check in, and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday please. And I want to stay for one night.|OK, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That would be all. I appreciate your help. Take care. Bye.|Did you need a reference number or anything like that?
No thanks. I forgot I should wait to book until I am sure how many people we will have. Thanks though. Good night!|Okay, have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?|We have 15 guesthouses in that price range, any other preferences?
I'd like free wifi included please.|The Acorn guesthouse is in the moderate price range and has wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes.  Please book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need the reference number.|You have reservation at acorn guest house for 8 people 4 nights starting Thursday.I will give you the reference number.
OK ... can I have that reference number, please?|Your reference number is  PJDTNB2Z.
Are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?|There are many things to visit including museums, theaters, colleges, nightclubs, parks, swimming pools, cinema, boating, concert halls, and architecture attractions.
Recommend a swimming pool for me please.|I have parkside pools in the centre of town on gonville place postbcode cb11ly.
What's their phone number, and how much does it cost to get in?|01223446100. I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes. I need a place to stay. Free parking and free wifi are important to me|Great, I have several options for you. Do you want a hotel in a particular part of town?
No but it needs to be in the moderate price range.|What about acorn house? It is a lovely guesthouse.
I would rather have a hotel. I need it for 8 people for 3 nights. Is there anything available?|I have two hotels on the north side that fit your criteria.  I would suggest Ashley Hotel.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
The Ashley Hotel sounds great. Can you reserve a room on Thursday for 8 people, 3 nights please?|I will reserve it for you.
Ok, thanks for that. What's the reference number?|Your reference number is 739P7NDS. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes please, I'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel.  I'd like to leave the pool by 05:15.|I have booked a taxi from Parkside pools to ashley hotel at 5:15.  The contact number 0735652974. Do you need anything else?
What kind of car is the taxi?|It's a grey BMW.
Thanks!  That's all I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Goodbye
do you know anything about emmanuel college?|Emmanuel College is located in the center of town, on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23ap. It's free to get in.
Is that their full address?|Yes it is. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on 4 star, moderately priced hotels.|The acorn guest house is a great place to stay. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free WiFi?|Yes they do. Would you like anymore information?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting  from thursday|You're all set at the Acorn, reference #M1KYDQSW. Can I help you with anything else today?
no, that's it. thanks!|Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in Cambridge in the west.|Wonderful, may I suggest prezzo? They are a well~known establishment and is moderately priced.
Ok sounds Great I want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 16:15 and i would like the reference number|Sure. Your reference number is 4GSTQC42 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be expensive and in the same area as the restaurant.|The only expensive place in the west is the Huntingdon Marriott. Would you like a room there?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?|Yes they do have both.
Perfect. Can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 4 nights, and we'd like to check in the same day, too.|The booking wasn't successful. Can you do another day or a shorter stay?
Sure. Let's try just one night then.|I was able to successfully book you for 1 night. Your reference number is BWXLI8K3. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel.|What time would you like the leave the first place?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time|I have you in a Blue Honda, the number to contact the is 07758846096. May I help you with any thing else?
Actually, that was all I needed. Thanks so much. Goodbye.|No problem. Please have a pleasant trip.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating in the north.|I have two guesthouses that are moderately priced in that area with 3 stars. Would you like to book one of them?
That will be fine. I have a party of 2 adults and 3 children ages 4,5, and 6.|I would suggest the Hamilton Lodge if you have children.  When will you be arriving and how long will your stay be?
I'll be arriving on a Saturday and staying for 5 days.|Your booking was successful here is your reference number, 16MQQFCD.
Sorry about that, I don't need a booking. Could you just give me the price range, postcode, and address instead? Sorry for the confusion|Certainly, the price is moderate. The postcode is cb41da and the address is 156 chesterton road. Anything else today?
Yeah, can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the north?|I have found two that meet your requirements, Golden Wok serves Chinese food and The Nirala serves Indian food. Would you like me to book one for you?
The Golden Wok sounds good. Can I get reservations at 17:45?|I can certainly book that for you. I just need to know for what day and how many people are in your party?
It will just be one in the party. But I want to make sure I am out of the restaurant by 17:45 so can you make my reservation earlier?|I made that reservation for Saturday at 17:45. Your reference number is ZCM3EBE1. Remember the table will be held for 15 minutes only.
I also need a taxi leaving the restaurant at 17:45.|What will your destination be in the taxi?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and arrive to the restaurant by 17:45.|I have booked you with a blue bmw. The phone to reach them is 07067332345. Is there anything else I can help with today?
that is it thanks for your help|It was my pleasure. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by 11:45?|Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.|I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you?
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?|That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel|There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.|Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?
I need a train to Cambridge, leaving after 17:00.|There are quite a few. What station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.|How about the TR2379 train? It leaves Norwich at 17:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:35.
Can you give me the price and travel time of TR2379, please?|TR2379 is 17.60 pounds per ticket, and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Great, please book that. I would also like to book a hotel, called Kirkwood house|Trains all booked for you and your reference number is ZLRL98VP. What nights would you need me to book at kirkwood house for you?
Can you book the hotel for 4 people starting Wednesday night for 4 nights?|Alright, I got your room at the Kirkwood booked. The reference number is: 90EPN6VX. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that looks good to me. You have a great day.|Thank you for using our service, have a wonderful day. If you need any assistance, feel free to contact us again.
I need help finding a 4 star hotel|I have several listed is there a particular area you would like?
no, but I need free parking and wifi.|I have 19 hotels in Cambridge that fit those requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
nah, I just need it for 4 nights starting from wednesday. maybe look at moderately priced hotels?|How many of you will be staying there?
1 person, plese.|I have you booked at the Acorns Guesthouse the reference number is QQ2N4M7W. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a jamaican restaurant that is moderately priced.|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that fit that criteria.
Is there one in the centre of town maybe?|Sorry to tell you this but we actually have no Jamaican restaurants in cambridge. Maybe you would prefer another type of food
Are there any Spanish restaurants available?|There are two spanish restaurants. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. I would like its address and postal code.|La Tasca is at 14 - 16 Bridge Street, CB21UF. La Raza is at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, CB23LL. Would you like a reservation at one of them?
La Tasca sounds interesting, can you book a table for my group at 12:30?|How many people are in your group?
I'm sorry, I forgot some of my friends couldn't make it.  It will just be myself, and I need the reservation for Wednesday.|Okay, you're all set with a reservation at La Tasca on Wednesday at 12:30! The reference number is F8VGULKB.
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would want to be able to arrive to the restaurant by the time booked, 12:30!|O booked you at 12:15 to give you extra time, look for a red tesla, they cbr at 	07079296786, any other questions?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|Goodbye and thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a restaurant with a moderate price range that serves turkish food?|There are two restaurants: antolia and efes restaurant. Need a reservation?
Sure. I'd like a table for 2 at antolia on thursday at 13:45.|Here is your booking information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 0TAI4M3W.
I am also looking for a moderate priced guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking|Thanks a lot welcome again
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge and arriving by 15:30?|There are no trains arriving at cambridge by 15:30. Is there another day or time you would prefer?
The train should depart from norwich and should leave on monday|Train TR3087 from Norwich to Cambridge arrives on Monday at 14:35. There are also eight earlier routes if you prefer. Would you like me to book any tickets?
how  much does it cost?|that will cost you 17.60 pounds.
How about a hotel room?|Sure, what type of hotel are you looking for today?
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.|I don't have any hotels in that area meeting those criteria. Could we change some of the criteria?
Yes try a different area.|There are some guesthouses available.  Would that work?
Yes, that would be fine.|How about the alpha-milton guest house in the north?
I think so. Does it have wifi and parking included?|The Alpah-Milton Guest House does not include internet or parking.
OK, well I do need a room someplace with internet and parking. I need a room for 3 people, 3 nights.|I could get you a room at the Hamilton Lodge. What day are you arriving?
Can you book that for 3 people for 3 nights the same day as the train?|Absolutely! I just need to know what day you will be getting there?
We will be arriving on Monday around 15:30.|I have booked the hotel. The reference number is V88NRWC6. Is there anything else I can do for you?
NO that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|Welcome, have a lovely day.
I am looking for regency gallery.  Can you tell me where it is located?|The regency galllery address is 39 fitzroy street in the centre area.
Okay, what kind of place is it?|It is a museum. Would you like the phone number?
Maybe. Unless you can just tell me what the entrance fee is and then I won't need it?|Fortunately, it is free entry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like a place to stay, too, please.|I'm happy to help. Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I'd like a room in the north please|There are 13 different places to stay, do you have a preference on price or amenities?
I would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|Unfortunately, I can't find any openings for those nights in the north. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No. Is there availability for 1 night?|You're in luck. I've got a room available for saturday at the acorn guest house for 6 people. It's booked, your reference # is 3IX7EGRG.
Okay. Can you book me a taxi as well? I want to leave the hotel by 04:00.|Where would you like to go?
I'd like to commute between the two places.|Ok I booked you a taxi to leave the acorn guest house at 4:00. The car will be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07424241550.
Wonderful, you've been very helpful! That's all I need for today, thank you!|Great, thanks for using our service. have a great day.
I need help finding a hotel called Bridge Guest House. Thanks.|It is in the south part of town located at 151 hills road.
Do they have internet?|Yes it has internet. Would you like to book something here?
Not at the moment. I'm also interest in an attraction called Emmanuel College. Where is it located?|It's located in the centre of town on saint andrew's street. Do you need anything else?
Yes, are there any boat attractions?|Yes, what kind of attraction are you looking for?
Actually can I have the address and post code to the Bridge Guest House and the same for Emmanuel College?|Bridge guest house is located at 151 hills road, postcode cb28rj. Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap.  Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for all of the information. That is exactly what I needed.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.|Thanks, that is all for today.
I'm looking for a hotel called avalon.|Ok I have found the hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Great, yes please.  There will be 7 of us arriving on Wednesday.  We'd like to stay for 4 nights.|You reservation was booked.  The reference number is KB5QHVIU.  Do you need help with anything else?
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.|I have 4 theatres in the centre area, adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, or the cambridge corn exchange.  I can provide further details on any of them.
May I please have the address and phone number of one that you recommend?|The mumford theatre is located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and their phone number is 08451962320. Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in a cheap price range. Do you have any suggestions?|Sure, there are a lot of options, do you have a particular area of town in mind?
I would like to stay in the North area, please.  I need free parking also.|how about worth house? it's lovely
Is it in the moderate price range|Worth house is in the cheap price range, and offers parking.
Please book Worth House for 3 people, for 3 nights starting on Sunday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 9UQ64Z3M.is there any other thing i can help?
Nope, that's all I need.|Okay, great. Have a great day.
Can you tell me about the entertainment type attractions in the west?|Sure! clare college is located in the west and is free of charge.
What's their postcode?|The postcode for Clare College is cb21tl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b.|Yes, that is a guesthouse located at 328a Histon Road.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people.|Booking was successful, your reference number is : B93N5UVZ.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need.  Thank you so much for all your help!|It was a pleasure to help. Have a great night. Goodbye.
Hello. I need help finding a train on Friday.|I can help you with that!  So that I can serve you better, can you tell me your departure and arrival locations?
I'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on Friday. I'm working, so I have to wait until after 11:45 to leave.|I show train TR4748 departing friday from cambridge at 13:17.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also give me the price?|The price for that train is 23.60 pounds.
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband|Wonderful! Thank you
Can you help me find a good hotel? I need one in the south.|I have found 1 hotel and 3 guesthouses in the South area that is available for you. Would you like for me to book one for you?
I need one with free wifi and parking, please.|Okay, I found three guesthouses and one hotel. Would you prefer a certain type?
The hotel please, thanks.|The Lensfield hotel is exactly what you are looking for. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thanks!|What day would you like to book the hotel and how long will your stay be?
On second thought I just wanted to find a hotel in the south area. Thanks so much for your help!|There is only one hotel in that area but it is expensive, shall I book it for you?
I am looking for an indian restaurant.  I want this to be a special experience so expensive is preferred.|I have expensive Indian restaurants in almost every area of town. Where would you like to dine?
Any area of town is fine. I need to make my reservation for Tuesday so hopefully something is available.|How many people will be attending?
There will be 4 people attending.|And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to dine around 18:30 if that's possible.|I can book the curry garden in the centre area, is that ok?
Yes, please book. May I have the reference number?|You are booked for Tuesday at 18:30 for 4 people at Curry garden.  The Reference number is 99h18L81. Is there anything else i can do for you?
i also want to use a taxi|Ok, what what you like a taxi for?
To commute between the two places.|Sure! And what time preference do you have?
I need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant please. Could I get the contact number and car type please?|How man passengers?
I will be with 4 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I asked for a taxi please. I need to arrive at the restaurant by my booked time.|I can not book without a departure site. Which hotel are you departing from?  You currently do not have one book and have not mention one.
Can you recommend some places to go in the west side of town?|There are several attractions in the west side of town.  Do you have a preference for the type of attraction?
Not really. What would you recommend?|The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and is in the west area.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What is the postcode and address for the museum?|The postcode for that is cb3ojg and the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road.  Can I help you anymore today?
Can you help me find the Worth House hotel?|Worth House is a guesthouse on the north side. It is in the cheap price range, but has four stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please, that would be perfect.|what day would you like, and how may days?
I'm sorry, but don't book it. I just need the area and address.|It is located in the north. The address is 152 chesterton road.
Thanks for all your help!|Happy to help. Have a pleasant day.
I am currently in Cambridge and I am looking for train departure times.|I have over 1,400 trains available. Where is your destination and what day would you like to depart?
I would like to go to Leicester this Friday.|There are currently 202 departures.  May I have a destination and what time you would like to arrive?
I am departing Cambridge on Friday going to leicester and want to arrive by 13:30.|TR8080 departs Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06 for 37.80 pounds.  Will this work for you?
Yes. I also need a place to stay on the south side of the town. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.|I have the Lensfield hotel that is in the southern part of town and in the expensive price range. Would you like a booking?
yes please. two adults and one child.|What day would you like your stay at The Lensfield Hotel to start and for how many days?
I need more information before booking. How many stars does The Lensfield hotel have? Does it include free wifi?|The Lensfield has a 3 star rating and does include free wifi. Is there anything else you need to know?
Thank you. Out of curiosity, is that a guesthouse or hotel?|It is a hotel.
Fantastic. Please provide me with the address and phone number.|The address for the Lensfield Hotel is 53-57 Lensfield Road. Their phone number is 01223355017. Can I assist you with booking a room at the Lensfield?
No, thank you. I can take care of that on my own. I think that's all I need for today!|Wonderful. Please feel free to contact us again in the future. Have a great day.
I want a train leaving from norwich.|There are several trains leaving Norwich, what day are you leaving and where are you going? I also need the time you want to leave or arrive.
I would like to leave after 14:30 and go to Cambridge, please.|Which day are you planning to travel?
I'm planning to leave on Thursday.|I have a 5:16 departure to Cambridge that arrives at 16:36. Would that do?
As long as you mean a 15:16 departure, I'll take 8 tickets, please.|Yes the departure time is 15:16. I booked you for 8 on Train ID TR8040.  The Reference number is : 1HY8AJ7Y.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. Preferably a 3 star one.|What area of town would you like? Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a preference for either, but I'd like it to be in the type of hotel. I'll also need free parking.|I have Gonville Hotel in centre area or The Lensfield hotel in the south area.  What is your preference?
The Gonville would be great, could you get me the phone number, price range, and postcode?|They are in the expensive range, located on gonville place, postal code cb11ly, they are reachable at 01223366611, may I assist with anything else?
No thank you for everything.|You are welcome. Have a good evening.
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in during my visit. I don't want to stay anywhere cheap, more like the moderate price range please.|Do you have a preference for a location?
No, but I would like it to have a 4 star rating.|i recommend avalon. it is a wonderful  place located in 62 gilbert road, cb43pb. you want the phone  number?
Do they have free parking?|No, they don't have free parking but they have free wifi.  Can I book that room for you?
Not at the moment but thank you. Could you recommend a good restaurant on the west side of town, preferably in the moderate price range.|Prezzo is a great Italian restaurant in the west in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am looking for Indian food.|In that case, I recommend Meghna. It serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is in the west part of town.
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 1 on Saturday at 15:30?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for fifteen minutes and your reference number is 4MLSPE1H.
Great!  That is all I needed.|Great, I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for the cambridge and county folk museum.|the cambridge and county folk museum is located 2-3 castle street
Thanks, can you also give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|The fee is 3.5 pounds, the number is 01223355159, and the code is cb30aq.
I also need a place to stay.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by the area, price range, or type?
Do you have any 0 star places?|I have 2 guesthouses and 1 hotel that are 0 stars, do you have a preference or want a particular area of town?
Is there one in the moderate price range?|Yes, Cityroomz is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. There will be 7 of us.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for the 7 of you.  I will need to know what day to start your reservation and for how many nights, please.
I'd like to start on Friday please and stay for 3 nights.  I will also need the reference number.|Your reservation for 7 people at Cityroomz this friday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SOF4G9MY. Anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, and thanks so much for your help.|Have a nice day.
Looking for a place to eat in the city center.|There are many options to choose from. Do you have a type of food in mind?
I'd like to have some Chinese food.|That narrows down the restaurant choices to 10. Is there a price range you would like to stay in?
I am looking for a moderately priced place to eat, I am also looking to book a room in the bridge guest house hotel.|Which dates will you be staying at the Bridge Guest Room house?
Before I commit I have a few questions. What area is the hotel located in?|The hotel is in the south area.
Does it provide free parking?|Yes, free parking and free wifi!
OK, 2 questions. 1 - What are the moderately priced restaurants in the center of town; and 2 - how many stars does the Bridge Guest House have? Thanks!|The Bridge Guest House is a 3 star lodging.
That was all the questions I had. Thank you very much for helping me.|I'm happy I could help you today. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to book a reservation at the cambridge lodge restaurant|I can assist you with that. What day and time are you interested in reserving?
I'm sorry, I'm just looking for information. Could you tell me the area, food type, and post code for that restaurant?|It is a european place on the west side the postcode is cb30dq.
I alkso need a place to stay,what would you offer in cheap price range?|I have two cheap places on the west side near the restaurant. One is a guesthouse and the other is a hotel. Would you like to book one of them?
I would like the guesthouse.|How many people and the number of days needed?
I need it for 3 days for 2 people.|Also what day are you staying?
I do not have a specific day at this time.|Well, the name of the guesthouse is Finches Bed and Breakfast. The phone is 01223276653. Do you need anything else?
Could you please give me the address and postcode?|Yes phone is 012233276653   and postcode is cb30nd
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.|Sure, there are plenty of places.  Would you like a particular kind of attraction?
What do you recommend?|We don't have an entertainment type attraction in town centre, maybe something else?
How about a college?|i have 15 colleges in the centre of town. did you want to pay admission or would you like to enter free?
Either is fine, can you suggest one for me to visit?|I would suggest christ's college.
Could I have the address please?|christ's college is nice their address is saint andrews street and it's free to get in
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a moderate price.|Which area are you looking for?
The area does not matter.|Okay how about the acorn guest house in the north?
I actually prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.|We have two moderately priced hotels in the city: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, both offering internet and parking. Would you like to book in either hotel?
Yes, please book the Ashley Hotel. I need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Friday.|Okay, I've got that booked for you.  Your reference number is 64QSFKBM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a taxi to take me from Christ's College to the restaurant.|What time will you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave Christ College by 15:15.|look out for a white honda. the contact is 07153999224
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.|thanks for using our service and have a great day
You have a great day too|Thanks. And if anything more comes up that you'd like help with or information about, don't hesitate to reach out again! Goodbye.
Hello, I would like some information on a hotel called The Bridge guest house, please.|It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse located in the south. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday for 3 nights. I will need the reference number too. Thanks.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is:  OUF2UF6C.
Thank you. I also need to find entertainment in the south. What is available?|There are two leisure parks in that area, if you are interested in those.  Otherwise if you had something more specific in mind I'd be more than willing to check.
That would be great. I need the phone number, address and entrance fee.|Tenpin can be reached at the number 08715501010. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, and entrance fee is unlisted
Okay, now I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to Tenpin. I want to leave at 07:30. Please send the car type and contact number|I have you booked into a taxi, you can call them at 07622933733.
I will need to know the car type.|The car that will be arriving is a grey bmw.
Thanks. Well, I guess that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|No problem, thanks for letting us help you plan your trip. Have a great time!
I am looking for a college in town|Sure, which part of town are you interested in?
Area does not matter. You pick, just let me know the area and postcode please.|Well I have Christ College in the city center and their postcode is cb23bu.
Do you have any other suggestions?|There is also churchill college on the west side. Their postcode is cb30ds.
Thank you. I also need a hotel called home from home.|Home from Home is a guest house located on Milton Road in the north area. Do you need additional information?
I just need a reference number for the reservation.|what dad do i reserve and for how many?
i don't need any dads reserved. i already have one.|I need to know what day you will be arriving and how many nights and how many people will be staying.
there will be 3 people and 4 nights from thursday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F9WOFY5C. Anything else I can help with?
No that will be all thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I will be visiting Cambridge and I need a list of the main attractions in the south.|I have 8 entries for entertainment in the south.   Do you have a particular type that you are looking for?
I don't have a particular type.  What would you recommend?|In my opinion, out of the options I think the theatre we have in the south would be my choice. It's called the Junction. Would you like more info?
What is their address?|They are located on Clifton Way. Is there anything I may help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a 2 star guesthouse to stay at.|Okay, how about the ashley hotel that is in the moderate price range?
Is it a 2 star or better?|Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel. Would you like to me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the post code.|The post code is cb41er.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to take me from the Junction to the Ashley Hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 21:15.|I booked the taxi for you. It's a black Honda and the contact number is 07690147877. Will that be all?
.
Yes. Thank you.|Thank you for using are services and have a great day.
i am new here. i need a place to stay with free wifi|Okay! What price range are you looking for?
cheaper the better free wifi too|I have 10 locations with free wifi in the cheap price range. Do you have a particular area in mind?
No particular area, whatever you suggest.|Okay well I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in their center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book 2 nights for 5 people, starting on Saturday.|I have booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people.  The reference number is UCIOWNWV.  Anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye!|Have a great day!
I am coming to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Is there a hotel in centre with free wifi?|I recommend the university arms hotel on regent street. Would you like me to book your stay?
Is that a guesthouse? I would like to stay in a guesthouse please. It doesn't need to have free parking.|No it isn't. But the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai are both guesthouses that fit what you are looking for. Are you interested?
El Shaddai sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about it?|El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town. the phone number is 01223327978. Can I be of further help?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|You're booked at the El Shaddai, ref #XS30YDOA. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nothing else. Thank you for getting us booked.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
actually, i also need a chinese restaurant.|I can help you with that. In what area of town and price range would you like to dine?
I am looking for the south side and cheap please.|The Lucky Star will fit your needs. Would you like me to make you  a reservation?
yes the same group of people on the same day at 13:30 please, sorry for being such a pain today|Okay.  I have made reservations for 7 at the Lucky Star Restaurant for Tuesday at 13:30.
Thank you. What is the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3GOBXA42.
Ok great, Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I was looking for a hotel in the center of town that offers free parking.|I found the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel that meets your criteria.
Is the hotel expensive, and is it a guesthouse?|The Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel is expensive, but it is not a guesthouse. The guesthouses that meet your criteria are cheap.
Okay, how about any hotels that are expensive that has free parking.|There are no hotels that match that requirement.
How about a hotel type instead of guesthouse?|There are 2 results for expensive hotels in town centre. One is the gonville hotel, the other university arms hotel. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes please book Gonville Hotel for 2 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|I am sorry. That hotel is unavailable for your requested stay. Would you like to pick a different day or shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights instead?|I have booked the Gonville hotel for 3 nights. The reference number is 4QYJH7Y5. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are there any modern american restaurants in the center of town? Something expensive.|Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants that meet those criteria. Something less expensive, perhaps?
How about a modern european restaurant?|Yes, I can recommend darrys cookhouse and wine shop. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I want a reservation for 2 people at 14:30|Which day would you like the reservation for?
Tuesday please. Also I need the booking reference number when you are done please.|Booking confirmed! The reference number is Z7E6UORT. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all. Thank you.|Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?|What area of town would you prefer?
I would like to stay in the north. Wi-fi and at least four star reviews are also important.|That narrowed it down a bit. Do you have a preference on the price range? or the type of accommodation?
Not really, no. Can you give me the phone number for your favorite place?|Acorn guest house , the phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks, I also need to train form broxbourne to cambridge on sunday.|What time would you like to depart?
Depart does not matter but I need it to arrive by 12:45.|I have train TR6774 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:32. Will that work for you?
Sounds like it.  What is that travel time exactly?|60 minutes is the length of the train ride
Thanks. That's all I need. Good-bye.|Thanks and enjoy !
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.|I have 2. City centre north b and b in the north and the el shaddai in the centre. Which one would you prefer?
the el shaddai in the centre|Ok no problem, when would you like the room booked for?
I need it for four people and four nights starting Monday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Lets try City centre north b and b, if that is not successful, any hotel in the same price range|The A and B was indeed successful and your reference number is II677Z30.
Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.|I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking?|In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.|Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave around?
I need to find a train that goes to stevenage and arrives by 17:30.|Will you be departing from cambridge?
Yes, I will be departing from Cambridge. I also need to leave on Tuesday.|Sure I have a train arriving at 14:10 on a Tuesday. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please. May I have the departure time, train id, and price?|TR0743 is leaving cambridge at 13:21 and the cost is 12.80 pounds, how many tickets will you need?
I just need to know how long the travel time it.|The travel time is 49 minutes.
I would also like to find an expensive guesthouse.|I don't have any guesthouses listed in that price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range possibly?
Sure check moderate for me.|Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It's a moderately priced, 4-star guesthouse in the north area.
Sounds great, can you please book me for 5 people and 4 nights starting on friday?|Okay, I made you a reservation at the Acorn Guest House. Check in is Friday for a party of 5 and your reference is CGDK1YT1. Will that be all today?
Great.  That is all.|Ok! Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking to book the Hamilton Lodge in Cambridge|When would you like to book a room at Hamilton Lodge? How many guests will there be?
I want a room on Sunday for 2 people.|For how many days?
Five days. Does the room have internet? Also, what is the hotel type?|This is a guesthouse, is that okay?
Yes,that's okay. Please get me their phone number. Also, find out if they have internet or not|Phone number is 01223365664 and yes it has internet.
Great! I also need a college to go see in the centre. I need the phone number and entrance fee to one you recommend.|Gonville and caius college is great to visit. They are free to visit and their number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help with?
Oh great. Can I also get you to book me a taxi from the college to my hotel? I want to leave by 22:30.|Booked car type is black lexus. Contact number is 07352412792. Anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|Thanks for using our service today have a great day.
Are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please?|There are two hotels available: the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more information on them?
Does either one have a star of 4?|University Arms Hotel is rated 4 stars. Would you like reservation?
Do they have internet and if so what is the address there?|They do have free wifi. They are located on regent street.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to london liverpool street?|I have 70 trains.  What day and time are you wanting to travel?
Um, Sunday but after 11:15|okay how many tickets please?
3 people, please. And if I can also get the reference number.|I have booked 3 tickets on the TR9025 train leaving at 11:59. Your Reference number is : 9JASQYBJ.
Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
Do you know what this city might have in entertainment venues?|There are two entertainment venues in the east, two in the south and one in the west area of town.  Do you have an area preference?
I don't care about the area.  If you were me, which one would you enjoy the most?|I would pick whale of a time in the west, located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill, postcode cb238el. It is always an adventure there!
Is there a place to stay with a moderate price range and free parking?|Which area and type of lodging do you prefer?
I'm looking for a place that is moderately priced and has free parking.|The Acorn Guest House is a great little 4-star place on the north side. They're moderately priced and have free parking and internet. Would you like a room there?
That is all the information I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Wait! I do want the hotel reservation. Can you book it for me on Thursday for 4 nights for 4 people?|Your room at the Acorn is booked, ref#94RRN05R. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all the info I need. I'm sure of it this time ha ha. Thank you!|you're welcome to use our services anytime
List all thursday train times heading to cambridge.|There are 202 entries, can you please be more specific?
Okay, I guess that would be quite a lot of typing. How about this: I need a train leaving from Leicester sometime after 21:45 on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
Anytime after 21:45 is good.|I have train TR8149 leaving at 22:09,is that okay?
That is fine. Can you give me the price and travel time, please?|It is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|We have quite a few options available to you, where are you heading to?
I need to arrive by 21:30 and go to London Liverpool street.|TR9732 departs Cambridge at 19:59 and arrives London Liverpool Street by 21:27. Would you like for me to book that?
Yes, for six people, please. I will need a reference number, as well.|I have completed the booking. The total fee is 79.67 GBP and your reference number is 58YNZ8EQ.
I also need a place to stay.  I would like a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking.|There are 2 expensive hotels and 3 moderate price guesthouses meeting your needs. Does the area matter to you? Or the type of lodging?
I'm just looking for now. Can you recommend a hotel?|Okay the gonville hotel looks good, it's in the city centre. Would you like a booking?
I want to confirm with you that the gonville does not need to include internet.|The Gonville does include the internet.  Is that alright?
Yes, and thank you kind person for helping me!|Shall I book you a room then?
Yes, can I get the address please?|The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.  I appreciate the help today.|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful visit!
Goodbye!|Goodbye and have a safe trip!
Got any fish and chip shops on the westside?|There doesn't seem to be any seafood restaurants in the west. Would another area work for you?
I meant british food with that.|There are three restaurants in the westside that serve british food.  Do you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I want one in the expensive range.|Travellers Rest is located on Huntingdon Road. Would you like reservations?
yes for 7 at 17:15 on wednesday, I'll need the reference number then too please|I have a table booked for 7 people at 17:15 on Wednesday, your reference number is 4WRE7J72.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay|I'd be happy to help. I am showing 33 hotels. Perhaps we can narrow it down a bit. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Any area of town would be fine. I am looking for a guesthouse in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses in our listings, are you willing to consider other price ranges?
how about one that is in the type of hotel.?|I have the university arms hotel located in the centre.
That will work.  Can I book that for 7 people on Wednesday? We will be there for 2 nights.|Sure I got your reservation and your reference number is 09B5QSH5.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to travel between the two places.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to be at restaurant by 17:15|A grey volvo with pick you up and the contact number is 07701301770. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a guesthouse in Cambridge.|Shouldn't be an issue. Any further preferences?
Yes, I would like a 4 star guesthouse that is moderately priced with wifi included.|I have about 11 different gueshouses that fit what you are looking for. Can you tell me the preferred area you wish to stay in to help narrow it down?
I don't care about the area so much, I just need free wifi and to know whether they have free parking.|Sure, how about acorn guest house they are moderate prices and have free parking and wifi?
How many star does it have?|Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse, moderately priced in the north, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. But I do need information on a train  from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday leaving after 12:00 noon.|I have a train leaving at 12:09 and then every hour after up to 23:09. Do you have a preference?
Can you give me the price for the train leaving at 12:09?|Yes, it's 30.24 pounds.
Ok, and what was the address of the Acorn Guest House?|The acorn guest house is at 154 chesterton road. Anything else I can get you today?
I also need a train leaving sunday after 12:00|Ok, I have booked a train for you leaving Leicester destined for Cambridge on Sunday at 12:09 arriving by 13:54. Your reference number is R9Q27A3Z.  Have a pleasant day.
I am looking for a boat in town.|OK. There are four different boats to choose from.  What area of town were you thinking?
It doesn't really matter. Can you recommend one?|Camboats is in the east of town and I'd recommend them
Sounds good.  What is their postcode number as well as their phone number?|I can provide that for you. The Camboats postcode is cb58sx. To reach them, their phone number is 01223902112. Did you need any other information?
Can you look up information for a hotel called Acorn Guest House?|The Acorn Guest House is priced moderately, in the north area of town, has internet, parking, located at 154 Chesterton Road, phone 01223353888. Postal code is cb41da. Does that help?
That sounds perfect. Would you please book a room for two starting on Thursday?|Sure, how many nights would you like?
Actually, lets not book a room yet. Can you tell me if they have internet? Also the address and the area of town it is located in.|Yes, of course.  The Acorn Guesthouse is in the north part of town and can be found at 154 Chesterton road.  They offer free internet.
Wonderful, thank you. I think that's all I need.|Sounds like a plan. Would you like me to book it now?
No thank you.  I think that I am good for now.|Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that is all for now. Thank you!|OK, have a nice day.  Good bye.
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.|I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after 20:15.|At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you help with info on places to stay?|Yes, I can help with that.  What are your preferences of area, price range, and type of accommodation?
I would like a really nice place because I'm celebrating my 10 year anniversary.  Something cozy and romantic.|That sounds great, I want to find you the perfect place!   Is pricing a factor, do you have a part of the city in mind?
Price is no concern for me. I need it booked for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Tuesday please.|I need more information please. What area of town?
I don't need a specific area. What do you recommend?|The allenbell in the east is a cheap hotel with 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?|Allenbell does indeed have wifi. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. I'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so I need a room for 1 starting Tuesday for 4 nights.|Booking was a success! Your reference number is: XJGR0GCN.
I want to find out more about the arbury guesthouse.|It is in the north, in the modrate price range, has a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.
i want to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting tuesday|Do you need a reference number?
Were you able to book it for tuesday?|Yes I was able here is the detailed information-Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MT6Q7YNE.
Great. Do you also have any entertainment venues in the east?|Yes, there are two, would you like more information about them?
Yes I would please.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is located at cherry hinton road.  The phone is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.  No entrance information is provided.
Ok, that is all of the information I need. Thank you!|Have a nice trip! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range|the cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west in the cheap price range. it has 4 stars and free internet and parking. will that work for you?
no, I need a guesthouse.|How about finches bed and breakfast?
id apreciate if thats offered|Finches Bed and Breakfest is a 4-star guesthouse in the west in the cheap price range with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I'll contact them myself thank. Can you tell me their address, including postcode?|Their address is 144 thornton road	 and the postcode is cb30nd
I am grateful for all your assistance. Wonderful service. Goodbye.|Thank you, is that all?
Are there any theatres nearby?|There are 4 theater's in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information on any of them?
Could you please recommend one and give me the phone number?|I recommend the mumford theatre in the centre. Their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a guesthouse to say in. Preferably a 0 star one.|city centre north b and b is a zero star guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
I'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? I actually need a guesthouse in the south with free parking.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses in the south with zero stars and free parking. There is a 3-star guesthouse called bridge guest house. Are you interested?
No let's try looking in the north instead|City centre north b and b is in the north area and has free parking. Would like reservations?
Yes, please 5 people for 5 nights on Saturday.|Have you booked, 9L1SUXC3 is your confirmation. Anything else?
Just a taxi leaving the theatre by 10:45 and going to the hotel.|Your ride will be there at 10:45. They will be in a black Audi and their number is 07262280207.
Can I get a shuttle back to the airport?|A shuttle? We don't provide those, we do have trains however.
I mean I would love to have a taxi|I've already booked you a taxi - the information is above. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks, and goodbye!|Alright, glad to be of service. Bye!
I need a hotel at the center of town to stay in|The Cityroomz hotel is in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that would be great.|When would you like to book that for?
I would like to book it for tonight, please.|We have received your booking and you are all set. Enjoy your stay.
I'd like to know the price range, address, and phone number please.|It's moderately priced, so you don't have to worry about breaking the bank. And it is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. You can give them a call at 01223304050.
Okay thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant. Can you help me?|Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Do you have a desired food type or price range?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range and in the same area as the hotel.|Sure, there are 33 expensive restaurants in the town centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No preference however I just need something for 13:45 on Tuesday|How does the Bedouin sound? They serve African cuisine. Also how many people would you like to book the table for?
I need a table for five people please.  I don't care which kind of food.|I am sorry Tuesday at 13:45 is unavailable.  Is there another day or time that will work for you?
12:45 will work for me.|You are booked for 12:45 and your reference number is 54D9CRE9. Can I help you with anything else?
Not at this moment. Thank you so much for all of your help.|You are quite welcome. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!
I need some help finding an attraction. I have the name here.|Sure, what is the name you are looking for?
The place is called peoples portraits exhibition at Girton College.  Could I get the area, postcode, and address for this?|It is in the West. Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Postcode cb3ojg. Do you need anything else?
What can you tell me about this hotel, the bridge guest house?|It is a located in the south area of town.  It's a 3 star guesthouse with free internet and parking located at 151 Hills Road.
Sounds good I want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from friday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Hi, can you help me find an upscale restaurant in Cambridge that is centrally located?|Yes there are 33 in the area you are looking for. They are all pretty expensive and are closely located.
Are any of those Ethiopian restaurants?|There is an upscale African restaurant called Bedouin. Would you like me to book it?
yes, could you make reservations for three please?|I would be glad to. I need to know the day and time you would like the reservation for, please.
Actually, book the table for 6 people on Tuesday at 13:30. I will need the reference number for this, please.|Your party of 6 has been booked successfully for 13:30 on Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 7E4VIQAY
I also need a hotel in the same area and price range as the restaurant.|There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville hotel is a 3 star, and the University Arms is a 4 star. Which would you like?
Does the Gonville hotel have free parking?|Yes both options have free paring and internet. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes I would like to book the Gonville hotel for 3 nights for 6 people starting from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.|I've booked your stay at the Gonville, your reference number is 44ARPHOW.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you, have a great day.|Thank you for using our system.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking for a train to get me there. Can you help me find one please?|We have many trains to cambridge, where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and I would like to go to london kings cross. I would like my train to arrive by 09:15 and leave on friday.|The TR8026 arrives in London Kings Cross by 07:51, can I book a ticket for you?
Yes please book a round trip ticket for 10 people.|Okay, the train is booked.  The fee is 236 GPB and the reference number is EM9QISG0. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I have many hotels that fit those needs, is there a certain area of town you wanted me to book you near?
It does not matter but I would like it to have a star rating of 0.|There are no hotels that fit that criteria. Would you like me to look for another star rating?
What about a guesthouse?|There are 2 choices. City Centre North B and B and El Shaddai. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the price range of those hotels?|Both guesthouses are in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book one?
Not at this time. Thank you for all the information. I'm all set. Good bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye
I want to find a hotel to stay at that has free wifi and is moderately priced. Can you help?|Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be on the east side.  The hotel should have a 4 star rating please.|There are 3 guesthouses that meet your needs. 2 of them have free parking along with the Internet, and one does not. Carolina Bed and Breakfast is very nice.
Ok, Carolina B&B it is. Can you book me a room for 1 person staying 5 nights on Sunday please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is BCT54NA8. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a train. Can you help me?|Definitely.  When were you wanting to travel?
I need it to go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.|Im getting the info up now, what date and time?
I'd like to arrive by 13:45 on sunday.|The TR8285 arrives by 12:54. Would you like me to book this one?
I don't need a ticket just yet. Can you tell me the total cost per ticket, though?|All available tickets cost 30.24 pounds each. What else can I do for you?
That will be all for the day, thank you.|Enjoy your trip.
I hope to.  Thanks again.  Bye.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel called a and b guest house.|That guest house is moderately priced and located in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they provide free parking and internet?|They have free internet offered but not parking.
That's fine I guess. I need to reserve a table at an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town, can you help me?|I show 33 expensive restaurants in the Centre area of town. Before we narrow down your restaurant selection, let's complete your reservation with A and B Guesthouse.
can i please get the address, postcode, and food type|Ok, I can book you at Bedouin - address is 100 Mill Rd City Centre, CB12BD and they serve African food.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|You're quite welcome, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free parking.|I have several guesthouses that offer free parking.  Is there a particular price range you are interested in? What area of town are you interested in staying?
Yes, I would like an expensive guesthouse please! The area does not matter.|There are no expensive guesthouses in the area.  Would you like a moderately priced guesthouse?
I want a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|Acorn Guest House as a 4 star rating and in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this one?
I guess. I'll need a room for 8 people, for two nights starting on wednesday.|I was able to book your party of 8 into Acorn Guest House on Wednesday for 2 nights, Reference: tgma40ey. Can I help more today?
I am also looking for some international food.|There are three restaurants that serve international food, are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
Do you have any in the East?|We have one and it's called The Missing Sock. Would you like a booking.
Yes, please book at 18:45 on the same day, Wednesday, for the same number of people, eight.|ok thank you i will send you the booking receipt as soon welcome
Can you help me locate a hotel to stay at that has free parking and a 4 star rating?|Okay I've got three options here. Would you like a cheap or an expensive price range?
Oh, expensive please.  I do hope it is a guesthouse?|Unfortunately they are both hotels.
Oh.  I would really prefer a guesthouse.  How about the moderate price range?|I have 9 guesthouses in the moderate price range, do you have a location preference?
The location isn't important. I need to book it for Friday, please.|Okay, I recommend The Acorn Guesthouse. Would you like me to book there?
Yes. I will be staying 5 nights starting Friday.|NO problem. How long are you staying?
I'll be staying for 5 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GQPN80PK. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Im also looking for the cow pizza kitchen and bar. Whats the address for it?|its address is Corn Exchange Street. what else can i do for you?
I need it's price range please|They are moderate, it is a gastropub, in case you need them, the postal is cb23qf and the phone number is 01223308871, can I assist with anything else?
You have helped me with everything I need. Thank you.|Anytime.  Enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.|There are quite a few hotels with free parking! Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I am planning my trip to Cambridge. I am looking for a cheap place to stay the hotel should be in the cheap price range and I want the hotel to be in the type of a guesthouse.|There are a few guesthouses available.  What area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter to me, but I would like it to have free parking. Tell me about your favorite?|allenbell is by far my favorite with free parking.
Great, can you book a room for Thursday?  I will be alone and need to stay for 3 nights.|Hmmm, it looks like I can't book that right now, would you like to shorten your stay, or tray another day?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is HRAL8TCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes.  I need a train that leaves Cambridge and goes to Bishops Stortford.|What day would you like to travel? And do you have a preference for time of day?
I'd like to travel on Saturday and arrive by 19:30.|Train TR0969 will arrive by 18:07 would you like me to book it?
I'm in need of a place to stay for the night, I'd like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 4 star rating.|There are two. One is cheap, one is expensive. Which do you prefer?
Either as long as it includes free parking and internet is optional.|Both alexander bed and breakfast and university arms hotel offer those amenities. Would you like more information on either of these options?
Do either of those have free wifi?|yes. both have WiFi connection
Thanks! What's the phone number?|Alexander bed and breakfast can be reached by phone at 01223525725. Do you want university arms phone also?
Sure. Please give me that one as well.|Ok. that phone number is 01223351241. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No thank you! I will give them a call.|Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help!|You're very welcome. Good day!
Hi, I'm looking for some kind of entertainment in Cambridge?|Ok! Whale of a time is located at Unit 8 Viking Way Bar Hill on the west side of town. Phone is 01954781018.
Great, thanks! Do I have any other entertainment options?|Yes, there is everything from parks to nightclubs.  Several colleges and museums.  Holy Trinity Church is a great architectural attraction.
The whale of time sounds great. I also need a place to stay that has free internet and in the west.|Okay, I have 4 options available. Is there a price range or star rating you'd prefer?
A 4 star rating please.|There are 3 options, any preference on pricing?
I would like the moderate price range.|I'm afraid there is nothing along those lines available.  Can I change your search criteria a bit?
Can you try looking in the north?|How about the avalon it's a 4 star moderately priced hotel in the north.
Perfect. I need 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. Could I have the reference number after booking?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BVCGE59G. anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from whale of a time. I need it to leave by 06:00|I have booked a white volvo for you with Contact number: 07201581539.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks, that's all I needed.  Have a good day.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|I have a listing for arbury lodge guesthouse in the north of town, is that okay?
What is its rating. I need a 4 star hotel?|Yes it is 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need a room booked for 8 people. We will be there for 3 nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find you another guesthouse?
Yes please could you try a different hotel in the same price range?|Is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Yes, the same price range as the Arbury Lodge please.|You are booked at limehouse. Reference number: ZUP4YPXA.
Okay great. That is all I need.|Sounds wonderful. I hope you have a great day.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I need a place in town that offers free parking and free wifi.|I am showing 25 entries, maybe we can narrow it down a bit. What price range and part of town are you looking for.
Are any of them a guesthouse in the moderate price range?|Yes! The Acorn Guest House is very popular. Would you like more information on that hotel?
Could i get the postcode, please?|The postcode for the acorn guest house is cb41da.
I am also looking for a place to dine.|Is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
Yes, I would like british food in the moderate price range please.|I have found Restaurant One Seven within your range. Would you like for me to book it?
Great! Can I have the address and phone number, please?|The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223337766.  Have a great night!
I want some entertainment in the centre.  What do you have?|I'm sorry, there is not anything in the centre.  There are some venues in all of the other areas though.  Do you have a second preference?
Are there any musems in centre?|There are 11. What kind of museum would you like to visit?
Could you just pick one for me?|How about castle galleries?
Sounds interesting.  What is their address with postcode?  Is it free?|It is free! The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street cb23bj Do you need anything else?
I need a place to stay. Can you suggest a hotel in the centre of town?|Of course, there are three hotels in the centre. Do you have any particular needs?
I would like moderate pricing and 4 stars please|Sorry, no places matching that query. Would you like to change your area, type, star rating, or price range?
Type does not matter. Please try the search again without type specified|I am still having issues finding a hotel for you, would you please restate your criteria one more time?
Okay. I don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be expensive, 4 stars, and in the centre.|I found the University Arms Hotel, would you like me to book it for you?
Is that 4 stars and in the moderate price range?|It is 4 stars in the expensive price range. They also have parking and wifi. Would you like me to book this?
No need to book it, just give me the address please|The address for the University Arms Hotel is Regent Street.
Okay thank you I won't be needing any more from you today. Goodbye|Its been such a pleasure talking to someone as polite and eloquent as you, enjoy your day.
I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.|I found 33 hotels that fit your needs. Please tell me what area you would like the hotel in so i can book your reservations.
Let's try narrowing it down in the north then.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is available would you like to try that?
Yes, please, it's for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Monday. If you can get it, I need the reference number, please.|The reference number is 1U3X2SUQ, I have successfully booked your room as well.
Thank you so much, I also need a train frm Cambridge to bishops stortford, after 21:45|No problem, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving Friday, thanks.|The last train that goes to Bishops Stortford is TR5965 and it leaves at 19:29.  Would you like to look at Saturday morning or is this time okay?
This time is okay.|I booked that for you. Your reference number is H9D7U834.
What time will the train arrive, please? And what's the price?|It will arrive by 20:07 and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thanks. That will be fine. Can I get a train ID?|Of course, the Train ID is TR5965.
That's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi available.|I found 7 hotels in the east that have free wifi. What is your price range?
It doesn't matter about the price. I would like it to be a guesthouse though, if that's possible.|I have 5 gueshouses. All located in the east. How many am I booking for and when?
Any one would be fine can I get a room for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday?|Booking was unsuccessful at autumn house. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes one in the same price range.|Great news! I was able to book you into the Allenbell and your reference number is SOPAP2OX.
Thank you! Can you give me the address and the phone number for them?|Yes,. their address is 517a coldham lane and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, I'm all set. Goodbye!|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves british food?|There are 7 places in the centre area that serve British cuisine, do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, actually. Is there one that is expensive?|Yes, I've found three all in the city centre. Is there one of these that you would prefer?
What are their names? I need to choose one I can book a table at.|they are fitbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house and the midsummer house restaurant
The cambridge chop house sounds good. Could you book it for 5 people at 19:45 on monday?|Unfortunately, there is no availability for your party at that time. Would you like to book a different time slot or day?
Yes, can you try the same for 18:45 instead?|You're booked and the reference number is BQT142V9. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you and Goodbye|If there is anything else I can help with you please call back.  Thank you and have a great day!  Goodbye!
Yes I need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any hotels that match your requests. Would you like to try a different area?
It can be any type, not just a hotel. I also need free wifi.|I am sorry but there are no matching at all in the North.  I suggest trying another area of town.
Can you check again? Maybe check a guesthouse?|Yes we do have a guesthouse called avalon that meets your needs.  Were you looking to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for for 4 people starting monday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YEBKK7SD. anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking to eat at the Gardenia.|Okay. I can book you a reservation. How many people will be dining and at what time?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 12:15 on the same day.|Success in booking!! The instructions say that the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is DEY84BTQ. Is there anything else in which I may assist you?
That's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the help!|You're very welcome! Have a fantastic day!
I'm needing a place to eat on the eastside.|Ok, there are nine places in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
Yes italian food please.|I recommend the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.  Its on Cambridge Retail Park, Newmarket Road. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I'll be there on tuesday with a party of 4. Is there space at 15:00?|Reference number is : 6V0LTWHG. Anything else?
Yes,  is the Allenbell hotel still in Cambridge?|Yes the Allenbell is in east Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
yes for 4 people staying 5 nights starting tues|Reference number is : BHWNFLG3. Anything else?
No, I'm all good.|Okay, have a fantastic time!
Thanks so much. Goodbye.|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse to say at.|I am sorry there are no guesthouse in the expensive range.  Would you like to try a hotel instead?
Do you have a hotel with free parking?|Unfortunately there is no expensive hotel with free parking. Would you like me to search in a different price range?
Can you look at the cheap price range for me please?|We have 9 hotels to choose from. Is there a particular amount of stars you're looking for, or location?
I need a cheap hotel for 6 people on wednesday for 3 nights please.|Allenbell guesthouse is available. It's in the cheap price range and has free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 3 nights from Wednesday for 6 people please.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall I try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.|Good news! I got you into Autumn House instead and you still have free parking and a cheap price for your stay. Your reference number is E3MXBFLL.
Perfect! Thank you for your help.|The address of Autumn House is 710 newmarket road, and the phone number 01223575122.
Thanks so much. That is all I need. Have a good day.|Awesome. Happy to help. Good-Bye!
I'm just looking for a place to sleep tonight in Cambridge.|Sure, there are 33 hotels available. Do you have any other criteria?
Could it be in the north and include free wifi please?|There are several places to stay in the north that offer free internet.  do you have a preference of stars and price range?
No. But it should be a guesthouse.|There are several in the moderate price range and 1 in the cheap range, do you have a preference?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range for one person and four nights, starting on Sunday.|There are several options, but I would definitely recommend the limehouse. If that sounds good, I can book it for you.
Yes please. I need it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  FLU3B3SI.
i also need a place to dine in the north|I found 9 restaurants in the North.  What type of food would you like?
Thank you, I'm looking for a place that serves Chinese food.|What's your budget?
The price doesn't matter.|Would you like to try the Hotpot?
Sure! I need a table for 1 at 16:15 on Sunday.|Ok I will book it for you and get a reference number
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.|I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How interesting that there's NO entertainment in the centre of Cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a college I could visit?|Yes, there are 13 colleges in the centre of town.
Could you suggest one and provide the postcode and phone number?|gonville and caius college's postocode is cb21ta and their phone number isv01223332400
Can I also get a place to stay, needs to include wifi but I dont care about parking.|There are 3 entries that meet your criteria. I would recommend the A and B guesthouse or Avalon as they both get 4 stars.
I actually want a hotel with 0 stars, I don't like stars.|Okay I have one option for you called Cityroomz. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 nights starting from Monday for 6 people. Please let me know the reference number.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : F2PPHLSX.
thank you that will be all|You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge that leaves after 10:30?|I sure can!  The TR1502 leaves at 11:00. Would that work?
I am looking to travel Sunday going to Stevenage. Does that train travel on that day?|That train does not travel on Sunday, but TR8464 leaves at 11:21 if that will work for you. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that will work for me.  Can you please make a booking for 7 people?|Yes,I will book it for 7,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Well yeah, I would need the reference number if you booked it?|The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DSIQUE20
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the south area of town. It needs to be a hotel. Can you recommend any?|I recommend the Lensfield Hotel.  It is 3 stars.  Would you like to make a booking.
Just give me the postcode please and tell me if they offer parking|The hotel does offer parking and the postcode is cb21en.
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
Hi I am looking for a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the east part of town.|There are a few choices.  Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I want it to be a guesthouse,have free parking.|I would reccomend the allenbell. Will this work for you?
can you book it for 5 night for 7 starting on friday ? I also need free parking|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MTZOYGHK
I would also like to find some Swedish food.|I'm sorry, there are no Swedish restaurants in the city. Do you have another cuisine in mind?
Okay, how about indian food?|There are 22 Indian restaurants, do you have an area or price range you are interested in?
Can you find me something in the east part of town? Price range doesn't matter.|I would suggest curry prince.
Sound great!  Can I book a table for 7 at 17:00 on Friday?|I have made that reservation for you on Friday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is LZIIKO5Q.
Thanks so much for all of your help you've been great!|Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thank you, goodbye!|You are very welcome. Good bye
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi preferably in the centre.  Can you help me?|I'll recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223525725
Can you book a room for me and send me the reference number please.|how long will your stay be?
We are going to be staying for 2 nights beginning Saturday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know how many people will be staying?
There will be 7 people staying.|I have successfully booked 2 nights for 7 people at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is D4MCY7TT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. We are also looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.|The Vue Cinema is in the centre area.
What is the postcode and entrance fee.|I'm not showing a listed entrance fee. Their postcode is cb11ps.
Great! Can I book a taxi? I need to leave the hotel by 17:30.|Look for a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07825644366. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for you help. Have a great day.|Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me out?|Sure. Are you looking for anything in particular?
In the East and must be a hotel|I have one listing for express by holiday inn cambridge,will that be okay?
That would be fine.|Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from Friday.|sure thing, your all set. Confirmation # is ZSDFLXSJ. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant near the hotel. Can you find one?|There are 2 moderately price Indian restaurants and one Italian place in the area.  Which type of cuisine do you prefer?
Definitely Italian, curry gives me gas.|I can suggest Pizza Hut in Fen Ditton located in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket.
That sounds great.  Thanks.|Sweet! Do you need a reservation?
I do not need a reservation right now.|Okay, how else can I help then?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.|I am glad to be of service, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! How can I help you plan your trip?
I am looking for a place to stay in the north while I'm there.|There are 13 places to stay in the north and all but 2 are guesthouses. Which is your preference? What is your pricerange?
I would prefer a hotel that is nice but in the cheaper price range.|There aren't any hotels, but there is a guesthouse with 4 stars. It's called the Worth House. Would you like more information?
Sure, could you give me their name and postcode?|The Worth House is in postcode cb41da. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|I can, what are your arrival details?
I do not need to book it. I need a train to depart from leicester.|What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Thursday.|Ok, there are many trains leaving leicester on thursday. Where will you be traveling to and what time would you like to arrive by?
I need to leave for Cambridge after 13:45.  Don't let me forget to back track and check on another place to stay please.|I have the 14:09 train leaving from Leicester. Would you like me to book that for you?
Before you book it, I need the price and I need the approximate travel time.|Sure.  The trip itself is approximately 105 minutes.  It costs 37.80 pounds.  Would you like to book a train?
Yes book 2 seats please and I'll need the train ID. Also book the Worth House guesthouse for 3 people and 4 nights. And give me the reference number please.|Okay. I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR2361. The total fee of 75.59 is payable at the station. The reference number is 5VFA0ZBS.
No thank you that will be all|Have a great trip! Enjoy your day.
Thank you so much!|You are quite welcome, we are happy to help. Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse that's in the expensive range.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Do you want me to check hotels or a different price range for a guesthouse?
I need the place I'd like to stay to also include wifi, is there anything?|A and B guest house looks like it is in the moderate price range with internet, would that work for you?
I'd prefer a cheap guesthouse instead (that still offers WiFi).|Allenbell looks like a good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I would like to book a room starting Wednesday for 5 people, 2 nights.|I have booked you into the Allenbell on Wednesday for 2 nights with accommodations for 5 people.  Your reference number is AJSQZY8R.
I also am looking for a train.|Ok, would you please give me some information? What day and time are you traveling? Where are you going?
I will be travelling from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday  and need to leave after.|There are 10 trains that day starting at 05:35 and then every 2 hours. What time do you want to leave and how many tickets would you like to book?
I'd like to leave after 16:30, please.|TR8610 leaves at 17:35. Can I help you book? If so, how many tickets do you need?
Thank you, I will not need the booking quite yet but I would like to have the price of the train as well please.|Not a problem, the train tickets cost 4.40 pounds each.  Can I assist you with anything else,
And what time does the train arrive?|It arrives by 17:52. Would you like me to book it?
No thank you.  That's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go in the east side of town.|I have many places on the east side. Would you like a museum or maybe a boat?
I would like a boat type. Thank you.|Camboats is available in the east area their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton
Thank you, can I get the postal code and phone number as well?|Sure, their postcode is cb58sx and their phone number is 01223902112. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes. I need a hotel with a star rating of 0 that includes free parking.|We have 2 choices city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre, both are guesthouses in the cheap range.
Whichever one provides free parking and is at least a 4 star will work.  Please book and provide a reference number.|They both offer free parking but they are both 0 stars.
Alright pick one then.|Alright, I just need to know how many people will be staying there, from what day, and how many nights, please?
Does it have internet?|El Shaddai is 0 stars and has internet and parking. How many people will be staying?
I'm not booking it now, just gathering information which you have provided.  Thank you very much!  That is all I need.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Can you check the availability at the University Arms Hotel for five people?|What day would you like to book?
Thursday please.|For just one day?
Actually for 5 nights and there will be 5 of us staying|Sure thing! Your reference number is LW8PBD97.
Thank you so much, that is all that I need for now. Have a wonderful day.|You are welcome.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to find a hotel on the East side that offers free parking|I have six great options for you!
Okay, I am looking for a 1-star hotel. Are any of those options 1-star hotels?|No, there are no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
How about four star hotels that fit the same requirements?|i got 5 options. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me as long as it comes with free parking.|carolina bed and breakfast is moderately priced and has free parking. would you like a reservation?
yes please,  people for 3 nights. what is a good place to eat nearby?|Let's get the hotel book and then we'll find a place to eat.  What nights would you like to stay?
I would like to stay 3 nights starting Thursday.  I need the room for two people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6ZS8YKFJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes what kind of expensive restaurants are near the hotel?|We have several.  What kind of food are you looking for?
Im not picky as long as it is in the same area as the hotel|Would you like to try yu garden?
book a table  for 2 people at11:00 on thursday|What type of food would you like and in what price range?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|I have booked you a table at Yu Garden! The reference number is H2380GFA, and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about covers it.  Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but I would like it to be cheap.|There are lots of accommodations in the cheaper price range, but they do all offer free parking. Also, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be in?
Yes, the east part of town.|How about autumn house?
As long as it has free parking, we are good to go!|Great, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Yes and can I get a postcode?|The postal code is cb58rs. What day would you like to book the room for and the legnth of stay?
I am not sure on the day yet, However am looking for a train to goes to Broxbourne.|Sure, there are many leaving from Cambridge.  What day and time are you looking for?
I would like to leave on wednesday and arrive by 20:00.|TR1148 leaves Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in broxbourne 19:01. It is the last train on Wednesday. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, for six people, please. And I'd like the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8YRZZYEZ.
Thank you, that is everything that I need.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Yes can you book me a 3 star hotel that offers free parking?|There are 5 3-star hotels with free parking. Are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one in the west, price really doesn't matter.|Ok I have the Hobsons House on 96 barton road . Would you like me to book you a reservation ?
Yes, that works. May i have the address?|I need some more information. How many people? What day would you like to book? How many days would you like to stay?
There will be two people. I want to book on June 18th. We will be staying 7 days.|Their address is 96 Barton Road. Just to avoid confusion, what day of the week does the date you selected for check in fall on so I can reserve your room?
I actually don't need a hotel booking right now, just the address you already gave me, and a confirmation of the hotel type.|It is a guesthouse. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves international food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants in that area serving international food.  Do you have a different food choice I could check for you?
Thai food will work if you can find that.|The Sala Thong restaurant meets that criteria. Would you like to book a table or need any other information?
I need to leave the restaurant by 04:45 so can you book it for earlier than 04:00, I will also need a taxi to commute.|I can help with that. How many would you like to make the reservation for and what day?
I don't need to book a table, but I do need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 04:45 and go to the hotel.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a Blue Tesla. Should you need to reach them directly, their phone number is 07623362802. Anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode of the restaurant, please?|The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and postcode is cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  That's all I needed.  Good bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?|sure, i have six you can choose from
Do you have one in the north with free wifi?|hamilton lodge	is in the north and has free wifi. Want me to book?
Is Hamilton Lodge a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 6 people?|Absolutely! What day were you needing to stay?
I need 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|Your booking was successful and your reference number is JZM3JY4X.
ok, now i need a train.|What is your departure site and your destination?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to london liverpool street|What day and time are you thinking of leaving?
The train should leave after 08:45 and should leave on saturday. I will need a arrival time and price|The earliest train departs at 9:59 and arrives at 11:27 , the price is 13.28 pounds. Do you want me to book this for you?
I just needed that information, thank you for your help today.|No problem, have a wonderful day!
Yes, hello. I interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the centre please|There are two. Both have WiFi. Do you need parking?
I don't need free parking.|There is a moderately priced hotel or a cheap priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book one for you?
Cheap one. Book it for 2 people, 2 nights starting from Wednesday. Reference number.|Great, I have you booked at the El Shaddai for 2 nights. Your reference number is 4EOYK3V7.
Thank you. Can you help me out in finding an indian restaurant in town?|There are 22 restaurants serving indian food in town. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I need the expensive price range please.|Do you have a part of town you'd like to eat in, or would you just like a suggestion?
There is not a certain part of town. But I will need a table for 2 people on Wednesdat at 13:30.|I found the tandoori palace on the south side of town for you. I also booked a table for the date and time you wanted. Here is your reference number R8QVU1MH
That should be all, Thank you very much.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I need a train going to cambridge on thursday .|From where and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be departing from broxbourne on thursday.|What time would you like to leave by?
I just need to arrive at or a little before 13:00, please.|I have train TR1590 that will leave at 11:32 and put you in Cambridge at 12:32. Would that be okay?
Yes. I also am looking for a hotel called Worth House.|The Worth house is a cheap hotel in the north. Its on 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to book? Also would you like me to book train?
No, can you give me the travel time, departure time, and train ID for the train you mentioned?|TR1590	leaves at 11:32	and the duration is 60 minutes.
Thanks! I'd like to book at the worth house for 7 people and 3 nights starting thursday.|Your reservations at Worth House have been confirmed.  Your reference number is FA43DXGE.  Did you need assistance reserving train seats?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome.  Enjoy your stay at the Worth House.
i need information about  wandlebury country park|Wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham.  It is free to enter and the phone number is 01223243830. Can I help with anything else?
What type of attraction is this?|This is a park.  Can I help you with anything else?
Just want to check if that address was legitimate, than I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|I have many the would suit you. Do you have any preferences ?
Yes, I'd like a hotel with a star of 0. Actually, instead of a hotel, can we look for a guesthouse?|There's one located in the north and one in centre. Do you have a preference?
No but you can book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday|Reference number is : KCN9OPOM. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|Okay. Just to confirm for you, the booking was at City Centre North B&B. Have a safe trip.
I am looking for a place to stay in the north with a 0 star rating.|There is one place, City Centre North B and B. It is a guest house that has internet and parking available, is cheap, and is at 328a Histon Road.
Okay thank you so much!|Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a great day!
What is the phone number and post code for that B and B?|The phone number is 01223312843 and the postcode is cb43ht. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I need a restaurant that serves sri lankan food in the same area.|There are no sri lankan restaurants in that area. Is there another type of food place you'd like to try?
That's OK, can you look for an Italian food restaurant.|There's da vinci pizzeria in the north located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No that will be all thank you|Thanks, please let me know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a guesthouse where I can stay in east Cambridge.|There are several guesthouses on the east side. I recommend the Allenbell. It's cheap, but it still gets 4 stars.
I was hoping for one that is in the moderate price range.|Okay I have the A and B guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book that?
Yes, actually. Can you reserve a room for me for Friday for 3 guests?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UN2JUAA4.
I'm also looking for an Italian restaurant, something in the same area as the hotel.|I have one restaurant called Pizza Hut Fen Ditton and it is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make it for  the same group of people at 15:00 on the same day.|I have you booked in at that time and day.
I also need a taxi|I can help with that! When and were would you need your taxi?
I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay, so you'll be going to the restaurant from the hotel? Or to the hotel from the restaurant? and at what time, please?
The hotel to the restaurant please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red honda
Contact number	:	07823449934
You will arrive by 14:45.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'd like to attend an architecture related attraction in the centre, do you have anything of that nature?|The all saints church is in the centre of town.  Would you like the address?
Yes that would be great. Can you also give me the phone number and entrance fee? Thanks|the phone number is 01223452587 and admission is free!
What is the address?|The address is jesus lane.
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to stay.  I'll need free wifi.|Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
in the north, please.|I'm unable to find any places to stay that match those specifications.  Is there anything you'd be willing to change about where you want to stay?
how about something in the north?|I have nothing in the north. Can I try something else?
Let's try the centre of town please|University Arms Hotel is a great hotel in the centre in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do it also have free parking?|Yes it does include free parking.
Thank you, I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FN6WAJPB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you so much for your help today.|You're welcome. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
Good day. I'm headed into town and I need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi please|Okay, I can help with that. What is your price range and what area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|Four great options in the north and one in the east, I suggest the Acorn.
Okay, i'll try it out!  Book me for 6 people, 2 nights starting this monday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is M2YEYUTC. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you.  Yes, I also need to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|there are 5. which side of town do you prefer?
I would refer in the center and  as long as it's moderate pricing.|There are two pizza express locations in the centre. One in Regent Street City Centre and the other in Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, let's go for the one in Regent Street City Centre. It will be on Monday, at 19:15, and there will be 6 people.|You are booked for the Pizza Express. Your reference number is G6O0PMU6.
thank you that will be all|Have a good visit!
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Turkish food and is located in the west.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that fit those criteria. Would you like me search in another area, or for a different type of food?
is there a restaurant serving indian food?|There are several Indian restaurants in the west, would you prefer a more expensive price range or moderate?
Either price range is fine, can you tell me more about some of the restaurants you mentioned?|Yes I found five restaurants in the west four in the expensive range and one in the moderate price range.
Can you give me the address, price range, and phone number of the best one?|The tandoori palace is a restaurant in the expensive price range located at 68 histon road chesterton. The phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I am specifically look for a four star hotel.|I am showing 21 hotels with a four star rating. Would you also like a hotel that is in the west?
Not necessarily I just needed to be a guest house with free Wi-Fi|We have finches bed and breakfast, also in the west with complimentary internet, as well as four stars. Would you like me to book this for you?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : QKZSOURZ.. Anything else today?
I need a taxi to travel between the two places. I need to leave tandoori by 07:30. Can you suggest something for me? I need contact number and car type.|I would be happy to help with finding a taxi. Can I ask where you will be traveling too? That way we can find the best taxi company for you!
Yes to the hotel from the restaurant. I need to leave by 7:30 and will need the car type and a contact number please.|I have booked a black Skoda for you at 7:30 at the restaurant. The contact number is 07889958021.
Thank you so much for your assistance today I think that will be all.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I would like to find a French restaurant, please.|You can try cote in the centre.  Need a reservation?
If it's moderately priced, yes please.|I do not have a moderate priced French place. Do you have another kind in mind?
Hmm. How about Indian instead?|There are four moderately priced Indian restaurants. Two are in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation for either Curry Prince or Rajmahal?
Yes, please book me for 2 people at 14:30 on Monday.|Okay I've booked you at Curry Place. Your reference number is Reference number is : EP4ZPSL2. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find a place to stay while I am in town.|How many stars do you want.
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like one located in the north or the east?
Yes, 
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|Well then, I would recommend the Ashley hotel. Would you like me to book a room for you?
book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is PWWHLH5V.
thank you. you took care of all my needs. thanks. bye.|Great, I'm glad I could assist. Enjoy your trip, have a good day!
i want to sight see in cambridge and want to see architectural stuff|I have some great sights for you. All saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and the old schools.
What area is all saints church located? Is there an entrance fee?|All Saints Church is on Jesus Lane in the center of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thanks! I've also heard about a little place in town called Autumn House. What can you tell me about it?|Autumn house is a guesthouse in the east area.  Despite being rated at 4 stars prices are cheap compared to others.  Interested in more info?
Can you book a room for me?|sure for how many and when?
Yes thursday and at 17:50.|Can you give me the number of days and people you would like to stay, please.
It'll be for 7 people, 2 nights, starting saturday.|I have you booked for 2 day for 7 people.
What is the reference number for that booking?|Your Reference number is 8J8MEI06.  Can I do anything else for you?
That will be all. Thanks for your help.|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called Yu garden.|I can help with that. They are a chinese restaurant in the east. It is rather expensive. Can I help you in reserving a table?
Yes I need a booking for 3 people at 17:30 on sunday. I also need a reference number with that.|It's booked for you and your reference number is J2CIDCSA. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I also need to find a hotel in the area.  Can you help me with that?|What area do you wish to book a hotel room?
I have no preference on location, but something in a moderate price range with free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.|I've found quite a few hotels that match what you're looking for. Would you like to be in the same part of town as your restaurant?
Actually, could you check for a hotel that also has free wifi?|Yes, the hotel has free wifi. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, same three people for four nights, from the same day, Sunday.|I have several. what area are you looking to stay in?
I don't really care. Where would you book, if you were in my shoes?|I would suggest the Acorn Guest House
Let's book that one. Please send me the reference number.|Booked! Reference number: ANQ5V11Q.
Thanks, that's what I needed.|Would you like anything else?
no, thank you|Okay then so long!
Thanks, I'm all set. You can end this conversation on your end now!|Have a lovely day.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse. Do you know of any 4-star properties?|There are many options that are 4 star. Is there a particular area or price point you would like to stay in?
No particular area but free parking would be nice|Acorn Guest House located in the North is a 4 star location with free parking and wifi, would that suit your needs?
Yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is:  DKI36RGY.   Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Actually, yes. I wanted to visit a college whilst I'm in town. Could you recommend one for me?|We have a large number of colleges, could you tell me the area you would like to visit one in?
I really do not have a preference on the area. Which one would you recommend?|christ's college is free and located in the centre. Would you like anything else today?
Can you give me the phone number for it?|The phone number is 01223334900
I will also need a taxi between them. I need to leave the hotel by 24:45.|A red volkswagen is booked. 07772378395 is the number. Do you need more help?
That is all I need, thanks.|Okay, I'm glad to have assisted you today!
hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.|What area of town should it be in?
it should be in the east area and serve south indian food.|what about price specifications?
I would like something cheap please?|I don't actually have anything in town that serves Indian food in the east that's cheap. Can I try something else for you?
How about a restaurant that serves Chinese food?|I do not have any cheap Chinese food places in the east. Would you like me to search another area?
I really wanted South Indian food in the easy.  Are there any choices regardless of price?|Curry Prince is moderately priced, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on sunday.|Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is J7WQHV7J. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. Can you also find lodging for me? I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.|Do you have a preference of area or price range?
No any one will do. What ever you recommend. it should also have free parking.|I recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is cheap and in the west. 4 stars and free parking and wifi. Can I book you a room?
Could you please give me their address?|Their address is Regent Street, CB21AD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get a taxi from University Arms Hotel to Curry Prince by 17:45?|Of course! A black ford will pick you up at University Arms Hotel and take you to Curry Prince at 17:45. The contact number is 07880637030
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I am looking for information on the hamilton lodge hotel.|The Hamilton Lodge is located in the northern part of town. It has three stars and moderate pricing. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, please, I want to book it. Give me the reference number.|Address for Hamilton Lodge is 156 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223365664.  How many people, how many nights, and on what day would you like to book?
7 people are staying for 3 nights starting on friday.|Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is ZJ7WBMYC
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.|Sure there is a restaurant called Siagon City. Would you like me to make a reservation for you or would you care to do this yourself?
Is Siagon City in the west? I want a restaurant in the west.|No, but Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west serving British food. How does that sound?
What's the address and postcode for Graffiti?  Could you also book a taxi from the hotel at 20:15? Please send me the contact number and car type.|The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the postcode is cb30lx. Please tell me where you are departing from for the taxi.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the hotel and restaurant?|Your Taxi is booked. Your car type will be a black Toyota and the contact number is 07498631779
That is everything. Thank you.|Excellent. Have a good day!
Thanks, I don't need anything else today.|Thanks. I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.|I have some excellent guesthouse choices, may I check availability for a certain date?
I do not have a date at this time.|Is there any preference for wifi or parking access?
I need free parking.|great, that narrows it down to seven options!
Ok, can you pick one for me?  I'll just need the address and postcode please.|Home from Home is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant that serves international food and is cheap. Also I need it in the same area as my hotel.|The Missing Sock is near your hotel and has cheap International Food.
Great, can you book a table for 4 people on Thursday at 19:45?|There is no availability at that time in the establishment.  Would you like to try a different place?
No, is there anything available for 18:45?|Unfortunately, our booking system is down at this time.
Can you try again for me?|I was able to book your table for 18:45. Your reference number is X15KR3V6.
thanks so much you've been really patient and kind.|Glad I could help is there anything else you need today?
No, you have helped me fully.  Thank you very much.|Call us again anytime. Good Bye.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre?|The Centre has many choices, 69 to be exact.  Do you have any food type or price range in mind?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves modern European food.|What price range would you like?
moderate price range please and thank you that will be all|I can suggest the riverside brassiere.
Ok sure. I need brassiere|Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes, a table for one on Wednesday at 20:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XT4L7KCY.
I will also need a taxi.|What time will you be leaving and what time you will like to arrive?
I want the taxi to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation there|Where will you be leaving from?
Sorry I need to book a hotel first. Do you have a 3 star with free parking in the same area?|The Gonville Hotel is available in that area.
Do they have wifi?|Yes they have wifi
Okay can you tell me the address and price range of the Gonville Hotel?|It is an expensive hotel and the address is gonville place.
Thanks.  Now I can book my taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Would you like me to reserve the hotel?
No reservation, just a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant arriving by 20:00|all set for your taxi yellow audi Contact number 07456600776. Any thing else i can do ?
Thank you that will be all I need|You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for a restaurant|What area of town could you like to dine at?
The town centre, please.|What type of food would you like to dine on?
I don't care, as long as it's really expensive.|Bedouin is a unique African restaurant in the centre that is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, for four people on Saturday. Do you have anything at 15:45?|Yes had an opening for 15:45 so I made a reservation for you. Your reference is QCLAB4ER and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse and should include free parking.|I can help you with that. What price range would you like?
Expensive, I would like the place to be pricey.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something else?
Hmm.. okay, how about moderate?  Big thing I guess is free parking and a 3 star rating.|There are 3 hotels that fit your criteria: The Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge, and Hobsons House.
You choose your favorite. Book me for the same group of people please for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|Okay. We have you booked at the Bridge Guest House. The reference number is KTPR4JKI.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant on time, 15:45.|Your taxi will be a black Honda. Their number is 07401864522
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hey, I'll be in Cambridge and I'm curious about the local restaurants. Can you find me a moderately priced one that serves European food?|Sure, how about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Is that found in the center?|Yes, this restaurant is found on Trumpington Street in the centre.
Can you please give me the address and postcode and phone number? I want to jot this down in case I get lost.|The phone number is 01223227330, the postcode is cb21qa and the address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that has free parking.|Sure, do you have a part of town you prefer for this?
I don't have a preference. As long as it has free wifi and is a guesthouse.|I'm afraid there isn't a guesthouse that meets all of those requirements.  Are they all important to you?
Can you find me a moderately priced one?|There are actualy 12, but I recommend bridge guest house, would you like more info or a booking?
The Bridge Guest House sounds fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday, 4 nights, and 8 people.|Your room has been booked. The reference number is 6N17JECV.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi. I'm looking for a place to stay in the North part of town. I'd like the hotel to have free parking.|I found 11 hotels do you have any other things you need the hotel to have?
Yes. I would like it to be a guesthouse with a star of 4.|How about the Acorn Guesthouse? It meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 4 nights starting from thursday.|Unfortunately, it looks like Acorn Guest House doesn't have that time available. Would you like me to try for a different day or shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights? Also can I get a reference number if it is available?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number for this booking is L9G43F5K.  Is there anything else you need help with?
I'm also looking for places to go. Is there a boat in the same area as the hotel?|Yes! It is called Riverboat Georgina.
Can I please have its address?|It's at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Would you like any other information about it, or can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi to go between the boat and the hotel.|I can help with that! What time do you need that taxi? And will you need to be picked up at the riverboat or the hotel?
I need a taxi that will take me from the riverboat to the hotel.  I want to leave the riverboat at 04:00.|OK, you are booked in a White Skoda. Your reference number is 07648586609.
Can I have a contact number for the taxi?|The contact number for the taxi is 07648586609.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
I want to take a trip to Cambridge, but need some help locating a train. Can you provide some information for me please?|Yes, of course.  Where would you like to leave from and when would you like to leave?
i'm leaving from peterborough on tuesday and the train should arrive after 15:30|Just to confirm, did you want to leave after 15:30 or arrive by 15:30?
Oh, yes, I meant I need to leave after 15:30. I guess that means it will arrive after 15:30, too, ha ha.|I have a train that leaves at 15:48 and arrives at 16:38. Would that work for you?
Yes. What is the price on that?|The price is 16.50 pounds.
Please book that train. I'm also in search of a particular hotel. It's called Worth House.|How many train tickets will you need?
Just the one, please.|OK, your train ticket is booked (Ref#WYJFK3C4). As far as the Worth House goes, it's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town.
Can we book the hotel for 1 person and 5 nights starting from Tuesday?|I was able to successfully book you at Worth House for 5 nights starting Tuesday.   Your reference number is H38MB0WZ.
Thank you so much that is everything that I need.|You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Thank you! You've been very helpful. I will be sure to ask for you if I need anything else on our trip.|You're welcome. Have a nice trip and stay. Goodbye.
I am looking to go to a museum in the east part of Cambridge, can you help me find one?|How about cambridge artworks? It's on the east side and it's free admission.
That sounds good. What is the postcode?|The postcode for Cambridge Artworks is cb13ef. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm in need of a guesthouse. I'd like it to have three stars.|There are 4 guesthouses available, two in the north, one each in the south and west.  Do you have a preference on area?
Yes, I'd prefer a moderate place in the south.|Bridge guest house is a guesthouse in the south in the moderate price range. It also has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
yes please for 7 people and for 3 nights starting Wednesday|Congratulations! Your hotel was booked with the reference number 89RKAN7M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been great.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  Please enjoy your stay and let us know if there's anything we can help you with in the future!
I need to find a certain restaurant called the slug and lettuce.|The slug and lettuce is a gastropub in the centre of town. Would you like to book a table?
No. I just needed the area. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a 3-star hotel with free wifi.|I found 5 hotels that are available, do you have a price range or hotel style you'd prefer?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking included please.|I would recommend the Bridge Guest House. It's on the south side of town.
What is the price range? Can I also get the address and postcode?|The bridge guest house is moderately priced and is at 151 hills road, postcode cb28rj.
Great! Thats all the information I needed. Have a great day.|thank you for calling.
Thank you, and goodbye.|You are welcome. Take care.
I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday and goes to cambidge|Where do you wish to depart from?
I will be departing from stansted airport and want to leave after 18:15.|TR5921 departs the airport at 18:24 and arrives by 18:52, does this suit your needs?
yes, what is the travel time, train ID and price please per ticket|Train TR5921, 44ld and leaves at 18:24
Could you confirm the travel time and price please?|Train TR5921 leaves Stansted Airport at 18:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:52 at a price of 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like to book this?
Not, at the moment.  However, I would also like to find a hotel to stay with free wifi and a moderate price range.|There are 17 options. Do you care about area, type or star rating?
I would like a 0 star hotel.|There is one option available. It is cityroomz. Do you want to book?
Yes,  please book it for the same day for a party of 4 for 4 nights.|Do you want the reservations to begin on Friday?
Yes the same day please.|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : RWZ39FBX.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You are welcome enjoy !
I'm looking to visit a museum in the east part of town.|There are three free museums, are these the ones you would like?
Sounds great. Could you recommend one, and give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road cb13eg 012202168.
Thank you, also can you help me find a place to eat?|Of course! Are you craving anything in particular?
actually, i'm looking for a place to stay.|I found 33 locations so i may better serve you what is your price range and area?
A guesthouse in the northern part of town, please.|it will be possible and i will find you one thanks a lot
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|I would be happy to help.  There are lots of great restaurants in town!  Do you what to try a particular type of food?
I still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can I start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the south with free parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses that match your criteria, do you have a price preference?
Do they have wifi?|yes and they are a number without
Okay, which place do you recommend?|I recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Could I book a stay for you?
not now . i am also looking for a place to dine|There are several restaurants, what type of food would you like?
I would like a japanese place in the cheap range.|There's nothing matching that. Do you have any other criteria?
Can we search for Portuguese instead?|There is one place available called the Nandos! Would you like for me to book a table?
That sounds lovely. I would like to book it for Saturday, for 7 people, at 14:15.|Your booking for 7 at 14:15 was successful! The reference number is 38PZHLJO. May we help you with anything else?
i also want a taxi|Where to and from, and what time will you need the taxi?
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|at what time should it leave?
The most important thing is that it gets me to the restaurant in time for the reservation. I can leave the hotel whenever necessary.|Okay. I've booked for you a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07314173329
Thank you, that is all I need.|Have a good day!
Are there any 4-star places to stay that also have free wifi?|Yes, there are 21 places found. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer something in the north. And a guesthouse would be better.|I have eight places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, but free wifi and four star please.|The Acorn Guest House is a nice 4 star guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book a room?
Please book it for 1 people for 2 nights starting from friday.|You've been successfully booked and your reference number is TJZMY6L9. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that's also in the north.|I found two cheap places in the north. 1 indian on Victoria Ave and 1 italian at 20 Milton Rd both in Chesterton.  Is that all?
Let's try the Italian one.  Can I get the postcode and phone number for it, too?|Da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thank you for all your help today.|Anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye.|Enjoy your stay!
I am in desperate need of a getaway. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay?|Do you have a price preference, or a particular area you would like to stay in?
I like staying on the north side of town and I do need free wifi.|I have two guesthouse style locations that are both in the price range and located in the north.  Worth house has a 4-star rating.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does
The Worth house sounds fine. I would need the postcode.|The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from leicester and goes to Cambridge.|I have 19 trains that meet that criteria.  Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I'd like to leave after 11:45, please.|Okay, I think TR4170 would be most suitable for you, leaving Leicester on Friday at 09:09 and arriving in Cambridge by 10:54. Shall I book you a ticket?
Yes please.  I need 8 tickets.  And I'm sorry, I didn't need you to book the hotel, hope it's not too late.|Your booking was successful. Your confirmation number is OLYQOSDV. The total is 302.39GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.|Thank you and have a great day.
Thanks one more time. Lets end this conversation PLEASE|Have a great day and enjoy your trip
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please.|We have 23 locations like that. Any area preferences?
In the north area, please.|That narrows it down to 10 locations. Do you have any kind of price range in mind?
No, I don't care about price, but I do need to have free parking.|I believe I would like Worth house.
That`s fine. What is their address, please?|Worth House is located at 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. Do they offer free parking?|Yes, they do.
Wonderful.  I just need their postcode then please.|Yes, it is cb41da.
That is it, thanks.|Thank you & have a good day
Hi, I'm looking for upscale hotels in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any that also include free parking?|Acorn guesthouse is in the north part of town and has a 4 star rating, would you like to book that one?
Does it include free wifi?|Yes, the Acorn Guest House provides free wifi.
Can you book it for 6 people staying 5 nights starting on saturday? I'll need the reference number as well.|I certainly can. I have good news, I was able to get you into the Acorn Hotel for 5 nights accommodating 6 people. Your reference number is CO8AEKSX.
thanks!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. Can you also tell me if there is a park in the North by the hotel?|Milton Country Park is located in the north and admission is free.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?|The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's everything.  Thanks for the info.|Glad I could be of service!
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.|Sure. What is your price range and what side of town will you be interested in?
I would like a moderate price hotel in Cambridge.|I have some moderate priced hotels in the north and center.  Do you have a location preference?
I'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.|There are two 2 star hotels in the north part of town. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both include free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Either one is fine. I need to book it for 5 nights on Wednesday. There are 4 people.|I will work on that and be back with you in a moment.
Let me know when your break is over. I'll need a reference number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : P39PYOK0. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need info on a train. It should arrive in london liverpool street by 16:30.|Where will you be traveling from, and what day would you like to travel?
I will be departing Cambridge on Friday.|All right, the TR4187 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|How many tickets will you be needing today?
I need 4 tickets, and the price and train ID|I booked 4 tickets on train TR4187, your reference number is LXZWA3Q8.  A total of 66.4 GBP is payable at the station, can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I want to find a hotel to stay in located in the centre|How about cityroomz? it is in the moderate price range.
Can you help me find a hotel in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?|There are no results for a cheap hotel with free wifi in the centre area. Would you like to try a different area or guesthouse?
Try a guesthouse please.|how about alexander bed and breakfast?
Is it cheap? I don't have much money. And do they have free wifi?|Yes, it is cheap, do you need a booking, or just information?
Just information for now, can you please give me the address?|The address for alexander bed and breakfast is 56 saint barnabas road.  Do you have any additional questions?
That is all I needed. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Good day!
Hello. I would like to visit an attraction called Byard Art. Can you help me get some information?|This is a museum in the south,  It's free to enter.  Would you like their contact info?
Yes, the address and postcode, please.|The address is 14 king's parade and postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Thanks so much.  Can you help me with a place to stay?|There are 33 hotels available. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi. The hotel should be in the cheap price range|There are several to choose from. Do you have a particular part of town that you would like to stay?
Don't care as long as it has free wifi and parking|Might I recommend the Autumn House. It is 4 star rated and just underwent remodeling. It is quite a place to stay. Can I reserve you a room?
Is that an actual hotel?  I don't like guesthouses.|Yes that is a guesthouse. There is one hotel that is not a guesthouse in the west. It is The Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, just the postcode will be fine.|Okay the postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to go between the hotel and byard art, I'll need to leave by 19:30|Could you clarify, which place do you intend to depart from and which do you want to arrive at?
I will be leaving from Byard Art by 19:30|It is all booked. Be expecting a blue Honda. Please call 07916276451 should you need to reach them.
Thanks for the help with the museum, hotel and taxi. I don't need anything else. Goodbye.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I need  a nice place to stay, do you have those?|We have many nice places that would suit your needs.  Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I would like to stay in the centre of town.|Sure, I have five options for you. What price range?
I would like the moderate price range.|I have found the cityroomz located in the centre for a moderate price.  It has 0 stars and free internet.  Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : XPE70MGX. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I would like more info on the Travellers Rest, it is a restaurant.|It is a british restaurant in the west. It is expensive. Can I tell you anything further about it?
Sure. I would like to book it for 6 people on Monday at 14:30.|My apologies, there is a known system issue that is not allowing booking specifically on restaurants, you would have to call them directly at 01223276182, can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a taxi.|Where would the taxi need to pick you up?
Can they pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant in time for my reservations?|A yellow toyota will pick you up at Cityroomz and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. The contact number is 07700237290. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for me today. Thank you, bye|Thank you have a good day too?
I need a place to stay in the north with a 4 star rating please.|I have 8 guesthouses in the north.  Would you like some information on the Archway House? It has free parking and internet.
Is it in the cheap price range?|No, it's moderately priced would you like another hotel?
What hotels have free parking?|I have the archway house that offers free parking. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you, could I have the address with postcode and phone number?|The address is 52 gilbert road cb43pe, phone number 01223575314. Is there anything else you need today?
I would like to find a boat in the north of town as well.|There is the Riverboat Georgina in the north.  Would you like the information for it?
Can you just give me the entrance fee amount and the address?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The entrance fee is unlisted. Anything else today?
There is no entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not available. It is absent from my database.
Okay, thank you so much! I don't need anything else then, goodbye!|Thank you so much for using our services.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a vegetarian restaurant near South Cambridge, or a restaurant that has a variety of vegetarian dishes.|I'm sorry, I'm experiencing a system error. Could you please restate your request?
Uh, can you tell me where the Man on the Moon exhibit is?|Sure, its on 2 Norfold Street.  Anything else?
What is the area that is in?|It is in the centre of the city.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay I need a hotel that is expensive.|University arms hotel is also in the centre area in the expensive price range. Free parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
Free parking isn't that expensive to me, are there any others or just the University Arms?|I have 5 hotels in total to choose from. We have a Marriott in the expensive price range in Cambridge if you are interested.
Does it have internet?|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott has internet, would you like more information on this hotel?
Is it in the centre?  If it is, I would like to book it.|No it is in the west. Do you wanna book it? Would you like to try university arms hotel	instead, that is also in the centre.
Please book the Marriott for 4 please.|How many nights will you be staying?
I'm not sure yet.  I actually just need the info.  Sorry.|the huntingdon Marriott is a 4 star hotel on the west side. It is in Hinchinbrook business park and the phone number is 01480446000. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
Can I get information on 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?|I have many can I ask what area you would like it in?
The hotel should be of the guesthouse type and should be located in the west area.|The Hobsons House is a guesthouse that is available. Would you like any additional information?
Can you book it for me?|Absolutely, how many days will you need and the number of people in the room?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : I57N7Y29. May I assistance you with any additional assistance?
What are some attractions on the east side? Is there a swimming pool available?|Yes we have the abbey pool and astroturf pitch, is there anything else you need?
I need the postcodes and entrance fees please.|The postcode is cb58nt. You will have to call to find out the entrance fee. The phone number is 01223902088.
oh you don't have that information?|Sometimes we are provided information on the entrance fee, but unfortunately for this attraction we do not have it.
No problem, I can afford it, why am I so worried? lol.   That is everything I need, you were very helpful.|It was a pleasure helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay please. A hotel would be great.|There are 9 hotels available. Is there a certain area of the city you would like to stay in?
No, but I'm looking for a place with a 5 start rating and it should also have free parking.|My records do not show any 5 star hotels with free parking, however the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a 4 star hotel with free parking. Would that be okay?
The huntingdon marriott would be perfect.|Perfect! Can you tell me how many nights, people and what day you'll be arriving?
Please book for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|I could not get a room for you there. I was able to get one at gonville hotel. Your reference number is A4IJ54Q. Is there anything else?
Okay thank you for all your help.|Enjoy your stay
I am  looking for information in Cambridge.|Can you be more specific please?
Oops, sorry. I should have given you more info. I am wanting to find a train to get me to Bishops Stortford.|Could you tell me what day and time you are wanting to leave?
Me and 6 of my friends want to leave sometime after 8:30.|Please tell me what place you want to depart from?
I'll be leaving cambridge on Tuesday and need a booking.|Ok, the first train after 8:30 is TR1562 and it leaves at 09:29, shall I book you?
Yes, for 7. Please give me the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked up. It will cost 70.7 GBP at the station, and your reference number is UXGLG4VF. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get an expensive place to stay?  A hotel more specifcally, 2 stars please.|There is only one in that price range. It is express by holiday inn cambridge.
Can you book a room for me?|Of course! What day, how many people, and how many nights?
I'm looking just for the phone number, address, and area of the hotel.|Would you like express by holiday inn?
Yes, that one would be perfect. I need the address, phone number and area please.|It is located in the east area at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park. The phone number is 01223866800.
that is all i wanted to know for today thank you|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that has international food and a moderate price range please.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury both appear to offer what you're looking for. May I book one of those for you?
Yes please make me a reservation at the Bloomsbury for 2 people at 19:30 on Thursday.|I'm sorry I wasn't able to make that booking. Would you like another day or time?
How about 18:30 instead? Does that work?|Yes, the booking has been completed.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5 star hotels that include free parking?|Unfortunately there are no hotels that meet those preferences, would you like me to search for a 4 star instead?
Yes please, but it definitely needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are three hotels that meet your preferences, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, that would be great. I also need the reference number for the Bloomsbury booking please.|The reference number to the bloomsbury booking is NTKQ8R1I.
Thank you so much.|Did you want me to book that hotel for you? The Huntingdon Marriott, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms all meet your requirements.
I would like to book The Huntingdon Marriott on Thursday for 5 nights for the same 2 people. If it is not available, please book another one.|Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful for that day. Can we try another day?
Do they have a booking for one day?|Yes, I was able to book the hotel for one day.  Your reference number is V1PGRO1T.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also in need of a taxi to commute between the locations, can you find me one?|I'd be happy to get you a taxi, will you be departing from the hotel or the restaurant? What time do you want to arrive?
I'd like the taxi to pick me up from the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant at 18:30.|I have booked your taxi to bloomsbury from huntingdon, Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number:	07021736620. May I help with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You are welcome.  Have a wonderful day and please feel free to reach out again if you have more questions.
I want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.|I'm sorry there are no 5 star hotels in the area. Are there any hotels I can help you find?
Truly? I'm sorry, I'm just surprised Cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. Well, I need something moderately priced.|I think you would enjoy the Lovell Lodge which is in the North and is moderately priced.
That sounds good I would like to book a room|great, how many nights are you staying?
I will be staying 2 nights.|OK, and what day will you arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I will be arriving on Friday and I need it for 8 people please.|I was able to book it, reference is U02SQUS1.
Great. I also need a train from cambridge leaving after 11:15.|Okay I can certainly help you with that. Could you tell me where your arrival destination will be? And your day of travel?
Going to Broxbourne on Saturday|Okay, TR9098 departs Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne by 13:01 on Saturday. Will that work for you?
That sounds good.  Yes, please book that. I'll also need a reference number.|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 8 tickets for the train please.  I also have a quick question about the hotel that was booked. Is it a 4 star hotel?|It is only 2 stars.
Ok I need another hotel then it must be 4 stars.|There are no 4 stars in that area.
Okay, that will be fine.|Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all.|Your welcome, enjoy your stay.
I would like to look into more tourist information.|OK, I can definitely help you out, but I will need some more information from you first!
No problem, what would you like to know?|Are you looking for an attraction? If so, what type, and where?
Yes.  I am looking for a theatre.|How about the adc theater located in the centre area at park street?  Would you like more information on this theatre?
Yes, can I have the phone number? I am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a moderate price range, free parking, and a star of 3.|The phone number is 01223300085. I have a perfect match for you, Hobsons House, located at 96 barton road. Do you need more information or do you want to book now?
Do you have Hobsons House phone number?|Sure... the phone number is 01223304906.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 03:45.|You taxi is booked, its a white bmw and contact number is 07062462058
thank you that will be all goodbye|Your welcome, have a nice day!
Hello, I'd like to stay in a two star guesthouse. Know of anything good?|I do not show any 2 star guesthouses available.  However, we do have 3 or 4 star guesthouses available.  Would that interest you?
A three star would be OK as long as it's got free parking.|There are 3 moderately priced guesthouses with a 3 star rating that offers parking. They are the Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Ok. Can you tell me if I can book a room at the Bridge Guest House?|How many people are in your party and how many days would you like to stay?
Do they have internet?|Bridge guesthouse does have internet.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called the rice boat.|I found the rice boat but did you still need that hotel booked?
Yes please. Also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at 17:30 this Thursday?|I was successfully able to book that for you. Your reference number is Q1PPYLII. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
I would say I'm all set, thank you!|Great, thank you for choosing our service.
I need a four star room, free wifi too,|There are 21 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
Any area is fine. However, I do require free parking and in a cheap price range, please.|The Autumn House would be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guesthouse on the east end of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Sunday please.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another option?
Okay, how about a different place to stay that's cheap?|I booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for you.  Your reference number is TQ7XK6MP for your arrival on Sunday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all. Thanks!|Would you like for me to book reservations for restaurants and museums?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse|Okay. What part of town do you want to stay in?
Any part of town as long as it  includes free parking.|I need a hotel with FREE parking
You read my mind. Yes, free parking.|Do you have a specific pricerange you are looking for?
No, I'm not picky.|How about acorn house? They have excellent reviews.
Yes, if Acorn House has free parking, please book my reservation.|What is your arrival date and how many days will you be staying, please?
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation. Could you just confirm the price range, postcode and what area that is in?|The acorn house is moderately priced, 4 stars, and in the north.
Thanks so much. I won't be needing anything further today.|Thank you goodbye
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?|Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.|We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination  bishops stortford|I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?|That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.|I'm glad I could help.
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay, with free parking.|There are 14 places that match your preferences. Mind being more specific? Can I get an area you'd like to stay, or a star rating you'd prefer?
Anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking.|I'm sorry I can't find any hotel's that are moderately priced with 4 stars and parking. Did you have anything else in mind?
You are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced hotel with free parking and a 4 star rating?|Acorn guest house is avaialble but all we have matching that are guesthouses, no hotels.
The Acorn will do. Can you please book me a room for Monday for 3 people, 5 nights please?|Unfortunately, they do not have that available. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 1 night?|I was able to book your room for one night successfully. Your reference number is OESTHWO3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I also am looking for a place to go that is a museum.|I'd like to suggest the broughton house gallery. Do you need any information on it?
Yeah, could I get its postcode, phone number, and address, please?|Broughton house gallery is at 98 king street, postcode cb11ln. Tel. no. is 01223314960.
Can you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|Sure, what time will you be needing the taxi?
I want to leave the gallery by 2:45.|Booking completed It will be a yellow Toyota and the contact number is 07664525287
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant.|There are several options, is there a specific area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to find one in the centre.|How about the curry garden that is in the centre of town and serves indian food?
Is Curry Garden expensive? If so, I want to make a reservation for Sunday.|Yes it is expensive. Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. How many people shall I reserve it for and at what time?
1 person and 12:15 on Sunday or Thursday. I also need a reference number|I can reserve a table for 1 on Thursday at 12:15. Should I book it for you?
Yes I already asked you to do it!! And send the reference number!|There seems to be an error in the restaurant booking system. Do you need anything else, like a hotel or taxi in the meantime?
Could you please try again? I really need that reservation. I'd prefer it for Sunday but if they can't accommodate that time, Thursday will suffice.|Neither of those days seem to be available. Would you like me to try a different restaurant. Panahar is expensive and in the same area.
Could you try again, just want something on Thursday, at 12:15.|Good news, the booking system finally worked and I made the reservation! Your reference number is I3VJP80T
Great. Now I need somewhere to stay. I want an expensive place with 2 stars plus parking and wifi too.|express by holiday inn cambridge is the only available hotel we have. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please, for 4 people, 4 nights. Same day as the restaurant booking.|Your all set, the reference number is 6BRFT2OA, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful but please use you're and your in the right places.|Thanks for letting me assist you today. Enjoy your trip!
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.|I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel.  It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings.  Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?|The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.|I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.  It leaves at 23:00.  Will that work?
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like a hotel on the north side, please.|The Acorn Guest House is a 4-star guesthouse in the North. It has free parking and wifi, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room?
That sounds like what I am looking for.  Yes, I'd like to book a room.|Great! When would you like to stay?
I would like to book a room for 3 days starting Tuesday. There is a total of 3 people.|Sorry, they don't have those dates available. Would you like me to try for other days or another location?
Can you try for just 1 night then?|Sorry, the Acorn is not open then, shall I try somewhere else that fits your criteria?
Yes, whatever you can find.|Good news, The Acorn just opened up for one night. Your reference number is UKMNFD3Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I think that's all I need right now. Bye|Glad I could help.  Have a nice stay.  Bye.
I could use some help finding a train for my stay with you.|That won't be a problem. Can you please provide me with some addition details? For example, what day and time you'd like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday please.|Any more details you would like to provide? The TR7423 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 5, heads to London Kings Corss and arrives at 5:51.
Oops.  Sorry.  My travel day is Monday not Sunday.  What do you have for that day.|There are many trains running on Monday, what is your arrival destination?
My arrival destination is Cambridge.|Okay when would you like to leave by?
I want to arrive by 15:45|What is your departure site?
Kings Lynn. I need 5 tickets and my reference number|TR2257 will arrive at 14:58. Should I go ahead and book 5 tickets for this train?
Yes that would be great also I need the reference number after you book it.|I'm sorry, my booking system seems to be down. Can you try again later?
Yea that is okay THank you|Train TR2257 has been booked for 5 seats. Your reference number is E720WBAI. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no thanks that's all|Thank you for using our service today!
We are planning to be in cambridge. We would like to go to a swimmingpool in the east. Are there any available in the east?|Yes! Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is in the East, on Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Could I get the phone number and what the entrance fee is please?|Of course! The phone number is 01223902088. The entrance fee is unknown, I'm afraid. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you give me some information about a hotel called Allenbell?|Yes, the Allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse located in the east part of town.
Can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on Monday for 7 people.  Please and thank you.|I was able to book that for you. Your confirmation number is 0CPDT1O5. Can I help you with anything else?
No, nothing else. Thanks so much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Are there any british restaurants on the west side?|For the Westies, saint johns chop house is the place.  Need a reservation?
Is that in the moderate price range?|Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is in the moderate price range.
Great!  I'm not sure when I want to go, so can I just get the address and postcode?|Saint Johns Chophouse 21-24 Northampton Street, post code cb30ad. Will there be anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area that offers free wifi.|There are 4 accommodations that fit your criteria. How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Can you book that for 6 ?|Sure, what day would you like to book it for?
I'd like to book 2 nights starting on tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : G17HAX2C. Will you need a taxi to get between them?
Yes I do, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 04:45.|Did you want it to pick you up from Saint Johns chop house?
Yes, please, and go to the B&B you booked for me.|Okay, a black toyota is booked. You can contact them at 07431558834
Thank you, that was everything that I needed.|Thank you for contacting us, please don't hesitate to reach out if there's anything else you need in the future.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi.|I have found many options, is there a price range you were looking for?
It should be in the moderate price range with free parking|I have 12 such places. I'd suggest the Acorn Guest House, which has 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|Howe about the archway house, they have rooms. Your reference number is VCECU7M4. Is that okay?
Yes, that's perfect! Thank you so much for your help.|Thanks for calling. Have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a fun attraction in the center of town.|I have two nightclubs and a cinema. Would either  of these venues interest you?
How about the cinema? Could you tell me their name, as well as their phone number and entrance fee?|The Vue Cinema is located at The Grafton Centre on East Road. Their phone number is 08712240240 and there is no entrance fee listed.
Thank you very much.  I am also interested in a hotel named "Bridge Guest House."  Can you please provide me with a bit of information regarding this hotel?|Bridge guesthouse is moderately prices with 3 stars, wifi and parkign are included.  Would you like more info on them?
Can you just go ahead and book that for me?|i sure can, what day are you wanting to check in?
I want to go on Sunday. 7 people and 5 nights. Thank you.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LVEIJI1A.
Thank you, have a great day.|i hope i have been of help to you.
You have. Thanks again. Good-bye.|Have a great day!
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?|Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.|We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.|All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.|I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Does it also have free wifi? I need wifi too.|Yes it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for myself and 4 nights starting tuesday|You are all set, the reference number is ZI27S8E2, any further questions?
I need a train ticket from cambridge to ely. I want to arrive at least by 21:15, can I get the reference # too please?|What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on tuesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please. Can I get the reference number?|There are 8 trains that would get you there by 21:15. What time would you like to depart Cambridge?
I do not have a specific time to leave, thank you for asking.|Okay! How many people would you like me to book a train for?
arrive by 21:15 for the same group of people. and I need a reference number|I have booked you on the train leaving Cambridge at 19:50. Your will arrive at 20:07 and your reference number is 7776W8DF.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a train to Broxbourne.|There are many trains available. Will you be traveling on a certain day or at a specific time?
I'll need to travel on Sunday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to arrive by 10:15 please.|TR4249 leaves at 06:01 and arrives at 07:01 giving you plenty of time. Can I book that for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 7 people. Can I please get the reference number after it's booked?|I have it booked for you. The total fee is 100.24 GBP and the reference number is JIXSCT7D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a cheap place to stay.|Do you have a preference for the area, stars, internet or parking?
I want it to have star of 4, and include free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Does location matter? The Alexander is a popular choice in the center, but Rosa's is a favorite in the south.
No, the location is flexible. Can you tell me if Rosa's offers free parking or wifi or both?|Yes, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast provides free parking.  Would you like me to book that for your?
Yes I need it for Friday for two nights for 7 people please. I will also need the reference number.|All set- your reference number is 9ZLD8Y9E. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all. Have a good night. Goodbye|goodbye, and you're welcome
Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?|Yes, what do you have in mind?
I'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. I'd like free parking too.|There are 9 results that match your criteria, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the west.|I am sorry but no guesthouses exist that match those criteria. Would you consider a hotel?
Yes, I'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking|Sorry, I have no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area or a different price range, perhaps?
No thats all I need thank you|OK, please let me know if there is anything else I can do to assist you.
Could you find me a train leaving on Tuesday going to London Kings Cross?|Sure! What time would you like to leave at?
Thanks! Whenever I depart is fine, as long as I arrive at London Kings Cross by 8:30!|TR3343 will get you there by 07:51. Would you like to book a seat?
I don't need a ticket today, but could you tell me the price?|If  you are leaving from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, the ticket price is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|i am glad iwas of help. great day
You too. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I would like to get some information about a local restaurant and a hotel please. Include the best options for me.|Ok, lets start with a hotel, any preference of type, area or price range?
The hotel that I am looking for is called Gonville. I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 0NVL3745. Do you need anything else?
Can you find me a modern European cuisine restaurant  in the centre area?|Wehave four options that meet your needs, are preference on price range?
I would like the moderate price range.|I have two options one is the de luca cucina and bar and the other is riverside brasserie,which would you like?
The latter please. Can you book that?|Okay, and how many people will the restaurant reservation be for?
Please reserve for 8 people.|What day would you like to go?
I want to go Wednesday please|I would be happy to book the reservation for you, but I need a time, please.
How much time?|What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to leave the hotel by 09:15|I'm sorry for the confusion. Do you want a reservation at the riverside brasserie?  If so, what time would you like that reservation?
sorry, i'm being such a confusing pain. i don't want to reserve a table. i just need the address.|Sure their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else?
Can I get the postcode with that? And their phone number, while you're at it?|Yes their phone number is 01223366611 and their postcode is cb11ly.
I also need a taxi to go between the hotel and the restaurant. I'd like to leave the Gonville hotel by 09:15|When would you like to arrive by?
I just mentioned that I would like to leave by 9:15 please.|Booking completed! Booked car type:	grey bmw  Contact number	:	07262375327. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
Are there any restaurants in the centre that offer Austrian cuisine?|I am sorry, I have not found any Austrian restaurants in the area. Would you like to look for a different cuisine?
No, thank you.|Will that be all for today?
No how about trying to look for Chinese food?|There are 17 options for chinese, anything i can do to narrow that down for you?
I would like one that is moderately priced.|There are three Chinese places in the centre with a moderate price range. May I suggest The Jinling Noodle Bar?
That sounds great. Can you make a reservation for Thursday for 8 guests at 16:45 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is BVTK5H3X. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Great, thanks! And yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, also located in the centre and with free wifi.|Is there a certain price range or rating you would like? Or would you like me to make a recommendation?
No particular price range.  Yes, I would appreciate a recommendation.|How about the gonville hotel? It has free wifi and parking.
That would be fine please book that for 4 nights on the same day and for the same people.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : MP576WVK.
Thank you for all your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful with the restaurant and lodging. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I'd like to try some Turkish cuisine if there's a restaurant that serves it.|meze bar restaurant	is great. it is located in196 Mill Road City Centre, cb13nf. can i give you their phone numbers?
Please do, thank you.|I'm sorry, they do not have a phone number listed.  Would you like to book a table?
No. thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range.|Gonville Hotel is in the Centre, has 3 stars in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Do they offer free parking?|They do have free parking yes.
And what's their phone number?|It is 01223366611
That's all the information I need on the hotel. I would like to book a taxi to commute between the restaurant and the Gonville Hotel.|What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15.|Booked car type	:	black bmw
Contact number	:	07798470642
I also would like a restaurant.|I located the Meze Bar restaurant for you but have not made a reservation per your request. Would you like me to locate a different restaurant?
No, thank you. Please go ahead and make a reservation at Meze Bar.|Ok sure, When and with how many people will you be dining at Meze Bar?
I'll do that later once I find out how many people can make it. Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a nice moderately priced hotel located in the east.|I have 3 great guesthouses in the east. I recommend Warkworth House. Would you like to book a room?
Maybe.  Does it have 4 stars?|Yes it does. Would you like to make reservations?
Does it have internet?|Warkworth does offer internet.
Okay, thanks.  I'm also looking for a place to eat that serves Australasian food.  Can you help me with that?|There are no australasian restaurants in the east.  Would you like to try a different cuisine or can I check another area for you?
How about a Chinese restaurant?|The Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the East, would you like to book a table?
Can i get the address and number to Yu Garden?|Yes, the address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb58pa.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two places.|I can help you with that I just need to know what time you'd like to be picked up from the guesthouse?
I would like to leave at 5:45.|The taxi will pick you up at the guesthouse at 05:45 and will be in a white lexus. Their contact number is 07730745339. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thank you so much.|I'm happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.|Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.|I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.|I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.|The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, 4 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Okay, I will get that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you please provide me with the reference number?|The reference number is GETHUNTL. What else can i do for you?
There is nothing more for me. Thanks for your help, adios!|Okay, adios amigo! Glad I could help!
I need a place to stay in the centre that has free wifi.|There are a bunch of options for you to choose from. Do you have a price range?
I would like it to have a star rating of 4 and cost does not matter, I would also like it to have free parking.|I have one guesthouse that has free internet and parking on the cheap side. It's also located in the Centre at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
Please book a 4 night stay for 3 people on saturday.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is EGYY9BB7. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a restaurant with Turkish food near the hotel in the centre area please.|There are 3 turkish restaurants in that area. How about Anatolia?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the moderate price range. Can you narrow it down?|There is Anatolia and Efes Restaurant available, which would you like to book?
I'll take Efes for 3 people on saturday at 15:00 please.|It was unsuccessful. Did you want to try the other one? Or a different time frame?
How about for 3 people on Saturday at 14:00?|The booking was successful for 14:00. Your reference number is 0B58WF1P. Is there anything esle I can do for you?
Yes, can you arrange a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant that arrives to the restaurant by 14:00?|Certainly. I have booked your taxi. Anything else I can help with today?
Please provide me the contact number and car type for the taxi. It  will be at the restaurant by 14:00?|The contact number is 07429438913 and the car type is a yellow Lexus.
Great that's all the info I need, thank you.|You're welcome!  Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else.
Thank you for your help!|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call us again.
I will, thank you again!|Have a great rest of your day, and I hope your visit to Cambridge is everything you dreamed it would be.
I need to book a hotel.  I need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 4.|Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel proper?
It should be a hotel type with free parking.|I have found University Arms Hotel on regent street with a 4 star rating and free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book that one. It will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 5 nights, beginning on Sunday.|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try to stay for a short period or start on a different day?
Alright, what about only for 3 nights then. I can do 3, book it and give me the reference number please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : D09887CW. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a korean restaurant in the same area as that hotel.|There's a restaurant called Little Seoul.  It's expensive, but also on Regent Street. Would that work?
Yes please book it for 3 people sunday.|What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it booked for the same day at 14:15. Can I get a reference number too?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 9NJXK7CF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all.|Alright. If you need anything else, feel free to ask. Have a wonderful trip.
Yes, I am looking for an early evening train leaving from Cambridge. Is there one available?|What day will you be travelling?
Tuesday going to bishops stortford please.|I have 10 trains for you on Tuesday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would need to arrive by 16:30.|I have train TR8017 arriving at 16:07, is that good for you?
How much will it cost and how long will the trip take?|It is a 38 minutes drive and the cost is 10.10 pounds per person.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It doesn't need to have free parking or internet.|Let's narrow down our search. What price range would you like to be in?
I would like to find a hotel that has 4 stars and included free parking|I have 3 hotels that meet your criteria, 2 are in the west and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|University Arms hotel has 4 starts and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes, please. 8 people for 2 nights starting on saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 1VQQLH6R
Thank you that is all I needed.|Great! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|There are 12 options in the north, any others preferences?
I don't need parking.|i can only find avalon guesthouse
That sounds fine. What is their address and postcode? Oh, I'll need their phone number too, if it's available.|They are located at 62 gilbert road cb43pd, phone number 01223353071. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please book it for me thank you|Sure thing what nights will you be staying?
Actually, I don't want to book it at this time. Can I get some information about the Vue Cinema, though?|of course, what would you like to know?
I would like the address and phone number.|the phone number is 08712240240 and the address is at The Grafton centre, East Road
Thanks.  Do you know if there is an entrance fee?|I don't have any information about the entrance fee, sorry.
Oh, that's alright, thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Is there any other attraction I can look up for you? Or any other info you need?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.
Hello, can you give me information about Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?|Sure, it is located at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park.  That is the east side of town.  It's pretty expensive, but very nice.
Price is of no concern since I just won the lottery. Please book a room starting on Monday for 2 people for 3 nights. Thanks!|Congratulations! I have made your reservation. Do you want the reference number now?
Yes I would like the reference number, thank you.|Reference number is : JEEFI2OW. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can you help me find a great place to spend my time and money in town. I prefer the east. It's time to live life to the fullest!|i have found 10 attractions. what type of attraction did you have in mind?
Can you recommend one and give me their post code.|Sure. How about the Funky Fun House and their telephone number is 01223304705?
could I have the postcode please|Yes, it is cb58hy.  What else can I help you with today?
I am pretty sure i wont be in condition to drive if you know what i mean, need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving at 05:15|I do not have a restaurant for you. Shall I book one before I book the taxi? Or would you like to go from the Funky Fun House to the hotel?
I am sorry. Yes please book from the funky house to the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up at the Funky Fun House a 05:15. Please look out for a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07739352636.
Thank you for helping me.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Actually that's all, thank you.|Great thanks for letting us assist you today!
I am looking for information on the Warkworth House.|What information are you seeking?
I need a reservation at the Warkworth house for 4 nights. Just one person, starting on Tuesday.|I am sorry that is unavailable. Can I help you find another guesthouse?
Is there another hotel available that is in the same price range?|I found one called Carolina bed and breakfast, same price range, starts and both internet and parking. Would you like me to make your reservation there?
Perfect. Could you make the same booking for me?|Booked! Reference number is: L66TSMYA.
Thank you so much for all your help!|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I know we will. Thanks so much. Good-Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for an architecture attraction somewhere in Cambridge.|There are 5 different attractions all located in the centre of the city. I'd recommend holy trinity church.
Okay.  Can you tell me how much it costs to get in?|It is free.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the Warkworth House?|Hey, the Warkworth is in the East part of town, it's a four star hotel with moderate pricing.  What can I tell you about it?
I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.|Your hotel is booked starting Wednesday and your reference number is PADGS18.  May I assist you with anything else today?
Actually, yes. I need a taxi to pick me up from Holy Trinity Church at 1:15  and take me to the hotel.|I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 1:15 from Holy Trinity Church. Would you like the car type and contact number?
Yes, please, that would be nice.|The vehicle you will be expecting is a black Tesla . The contact number is 07726876557. Anything else you need?
No thank you, that is everything.|You're welcome. Have a good day!
Well hello there, I'm on a budget and I'm wondering if there are any hotels in the moderate price range that offer free parking|Yes there are. In fact we have some listed in every area. What area, in particular, would like me to check?
Let's start with hotels in the centre.  Which ones do you recommend?|Unfortunately it doesn't look like there are any hotels in the centre that meet those requirements.
OK, how about the north then?|What is your preference on star rating ?
I don't care.  As longs as it is moderately priced.|what star rating do you prefer?
I am looking in the moderate price range, stars don't matter.|Okay, how about the acorn guest house?
That will work can you book that for three nights starting on thursday.|How many people?
Sorry, I don't actually need to make a reservation. I just need to know the postcode, hotel type, and whether they have internet.|It's a guesthouse. The post code is cb41da. I can confirm that they do have internet services.
Great thanks. Im also looking for an african restaurant on the north side of town|I do not have an African place in that area. Would you like me to try another place?
I would like an Indian restaurant for Sunday then.|The Nirala is a moderate priced Indian restaurant, and Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
the moderately priced one|How many people in your party?
There are 2 people total.|What time would you like me to make your reservation for?
at 12:00 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AVZ1XAGV. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you please provide me with the phone number and address to the Royal Spice restaurant?|the pnone number 01223360966 is and the address 7 Milton Road Chesterton
Thank you for your research. I have no more questions. Goodbye.|Have a great time.
Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?|What hotel are you interested in?
It is called home from home. I was wondering what type of hotel it is and the star of the hotel.|Home from Home is a 4 star, guesthouse type hotel.
Thanks, that is all I need on the hotel but can I book a train from cambridge to stevenage, I need ot arrive by 20:45.|I'll be more than happy to help you book the train. What day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|I have trains available would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the departure time and price please|leave at 5:21 and arrive by 6:10 for 12.80 pounds
I'm looking for a hotel named Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Do you have any information on that?|Yes I do! The hotel is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the phone number is 01223866800. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes, I would like to book the room for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book for that day.  Would you like to try for another day or search for another hotel?
Can you try 1 night instead?|Ah yes. That worked. I have a booking for 3 people for one night. Your reference number is SERCRCLN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure, Is there an attraction called Castle Galleries?|Yes, it's a museum in the city centre.
I'd like the phone number and postcode for the museum.|Phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please I would like a taxi to get me from the museum by 9:45 to my hotel.|I reserved a Blue Ford to pick you up at 9:45.  The contact number is 07985144147.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I'm all set!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Are there good hotels that you can book?|Yes we have 33 locations, do you have any requirements?
I need it to have free wifi and priced moderately.|That cuts it down to 17 possibilities. Can you tell me the area of town you are interested in staying?
I want the north area.|I have two 2-star hotels available. If you'd like something rated more highly, there are also several guesthouse options that would meet your needs. Any preferences?
Are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Tuesday, with free parking? Hopefully, near some attractions too. Oh, and I almost forgot, may I get a reference number?|I booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you. Reference number is B1QXF4T2. Did you need to look up some attractions?
Yes please. What do you have in the same area as the hotel?|We have boating, a park, and two swimming pools. Do you want more information on any of these?
Boating sounds fun what's the entrance fee? I also need the phone number and address.|The entrance fee for riverboat georgina is only available at the location but it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and you can reach them at 01223902091.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to take me from Acorn Guesthouse to the Riverboat Georgina by 20:15?|You are all set.  Look for a red Ford, contact number 07682372972.  May I be of any further assistance today?
I have everything I need. Thanks for all your help!|Okay great, have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for a nightclub located in the east.|There aren't any, unfortunately. Shall I look for something elsewhere?
No that's ok. Is there anything in the east in the category of multiple sports?|The cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east.
Can I get their telephone number?|Sure! The telephone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need their address.|Of course! The address is colville road, cherry hinton cb19ej. May I help with anything else?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. I prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. It will be for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.|I recommend Arcon guesthouse. It matches your description and even has free parking . Can I book you into it?
Yes please, and can you send me the reference number once the booking is complete?|I have booked you a room and the Reference number is : 42KEXQ3V.
Thanks. I need help with one more thing, a taxi to travel from the hotel.|I can book you a taxi from the Acorn to the Cherry Hinton centre, but I do need to know what time you'd like to go!
between the hotel and the arcon guest house.|I am sorry but I can't book it without the time. When did you want to go?
Oh sure, I would like to leave the hotel by 9:45.|Okay. I booked you a black skoda and the contact number is 07991291688.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I wanted help with finding a hotel in Cambridge today.|Sure, are you looking to stay on a certain part of town?
I don't have a preference.  But it does need to have 4 stars and include free parking.|I have two hotels located in the west. One is cheap and one is expensive. One hotel is located in the centre and is expensive. Any preference?
Can you tell me the area the cheap one is in and give me it's phone number?|The cheap hotel is in the west.  The phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with something else?
Yes, could you give me information on the cambridge corn exchange?|sure, what kind of information are you looking for?
I need the postcode please.|here you go 	cb236bw
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|Have a great day, please let us know if you need any further assistance.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! What would you like to know?
I need a train that  will leave monday ggo to Cambridge at 12:00|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London Liverpool Street.|The closest thing I have to your departure time is the TR6226 which leaves at 13:39.
Okay. I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in the expensive price range.|I have 9 guesthouses that fall in the inexpensive category. What part of town do you prefer?
I prefer an expensive hotel in the north please|I don't have any in that area, another perhaps?
How about one in the moderate price range then.|There are 9 places available. Do you have a preference in rating?
I prefer a four star hotel, please. And can you tell me whether one has free parking?|How does acorn guesthouse sound?  It is in the north and moderately priced.
That sounds nice, thank you. May have their number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223353888. The post code is cb41da. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No thanks. Do they have free parking?|yes they have free parking
Thank you for your assistance. I will do the booking, myself.|Sounds good. Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is fine for today. thank you|Please call again if we can further assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Howdy! I'm in town for the night and need a place to stay. I'd like a four star joint with free parking, if you please.|Nice! I hope you enjoy this beautiful city, I found 5 hotels for you. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range. As long as it's nice.|Is there a particular area of the city where you'd like to stay?
No, I don't care about the area, either. But do you have a guesthouse?|I have 16 guesthouses that are 4 star and have parking, do you have any other requirements to help narrow the search?
Do any of those have free wifi?|Yes. There are a number of hotels with wifi.  Archway House is one of them that I can recommend.
Sure, what is its address and price range?|Archway house is in the moderate price range. They are located at: 52 gilbert road. Anythign else you need?
What is the price range?|I'm sorry, I only know that it is moderately priced.  Can I book a room for you?
no that's fine.|Is there anything else you will need today?
No that's all. Thanks!|You have a nice day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I'd prefer an unrated place, I don't need free parking or wifi, for what it's worth.|I have the El Shaddai and the Cityroomz that are not rated. Would you like to book one of these?
Actually, come to think of it I might need free wifi. Do either of those offer that?|Yes, they both do! Do either fancy your interest?
Yes can you please send me the address for El Shaddai?|Sure. El Shaddai's address is 41 Warkworth Street. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!|No problem.  Happy to help.
I am looking for a free entertainment.|What did you have in mind?
Never mind that for now. I need a hotel in the centre that includes free wifi and in the expensive price range.|How about the gonville hotel?
That's fine. I'll need it booked for Sunday, 3 nights, and 6 people, please?|Sure thing I have your reservation number. It is FVN5JEV0.
hi how are you ? may i help you sir?|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I need a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge for Sunday to arrive in Cambridge by 20:45 please.|Okay the TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives at 20:08.
I will need 6 tickets.|Reference number is : 4AUYL0VX. What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you so much for all the assistance.|Thanks for using us. Have a nice trip.
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge. Can you recommend a place on the east side?|How about the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
does it have free wifi and parking?|Yes. The Express by Holiday Inn has both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Could you please provide me the phone number of the hotel?|Yes.  The phone number is 01223866800.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train on Saturday.|There are many trains available. Where is your departure and destination?
From cambridge to norwich.|We have 19 options available to you. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you prefer?
I need to leave after 8:15, please. I also need the travel time for that|TR1062 leaves at 8:36 and the ride would last 79 minutes. Should I book that one for you?
No, I think I can do that myself. Thank you for all your help today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
You too, thanks!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the south|I have not found any, unfortunately. Would you like to try another area of town or cuisine?
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in the south?|Nandos fits your request perfectly! It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Would you like additional information?
I would like a reservation for 6 people on Wednesday at 13:15.|The reference number for your reservation is NMHD1N0R.
Thank you! Can you also help me with a place to stay?|Yeah sore you can get one thank you
I'm looking for a train leaving after 10:30.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from Leicester and want to go to Cambridge.|There are 91 trains leaving Leicaster to Cambridge after the specified time. How does Friday 11:09 sound?
All right. I need a booking for six, please, and the reference number.|I was able to book the train for you for 6 people. The reference number is 7QAMUGHQ. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the north that has free parking.|There are 11 different hotels. To help narrow it down, can you tell me if there is a price range you prefer?
No not really, I would prefer a guesthouse type of hotel with free wifi though.|How about the Acorn guest house on 154 Chesteron Road?  It's a moderate price range guesthouse that is rated 4 stars with free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'd like to book a 5 night stay for the six of us.|Great. Is this hotel stay also starting on Friday?
Yes it is.|Booking was successful, reference number is YN5MH1ZN. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.  Thank you for your help in booking my trip and stay!|No problem! You have a wonderful day!
I need help finding a place to stay in the east.|I show 6 guesthouse and one hotel. Would you like more information?
I want somewhere with 3 stars and free wifi.|I'm sorry there's nothing that matches. Would you like me to try a different area?
Yes, please try a hotel in the centre|The Gonville Hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the Centre area, I would be happy to book you a reservation if you would like?
Yes, that'd be great. I need it booked for 5 people and for 2 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : K15XS51B. is there and other query?
Thanks for taking care of the hotel. I have another request. This time for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|Alright what kind of food would you like today?
Are there any places serving modern european food?|Sorry, no results here. Want to try a different food type or area?
Are you sure there are no modern european restaurants in the centre?|There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
I do not, what price ranges are the restaurants in?|I have all prices ranges.
Can you pick one and just let me know the price range, I'm comfortable with all.|I have four options for european food. There is our moderate priced restaurants de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. We have an expensive option with darrys cookhouse and wine shop. We also have the river bar steakhouse and grill. I would recommend the riverside brasserie restaurant that is also located in centre. Should I book a reservation for you?
I actually don't need anything else today. Thank you! Bye!|Okay, have a good day! Bye!
i need to find a place to stay in the east side|I have 7 such places to stay. Is there a specific price point you would like to stay in or do you need parking and/or wifi?
I need a room in the expensive price range.|I think you would enjoy Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
I'd also like it to have a 4 star rating.|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything 4-star rated that is expensive and in the east. Would you like me to try a different price range or area?
Yes, can you try a moderately priced place instead?|I would recommend A and B Guest House.  It fits your criteria except it is in a moderate price range.
That sounds great! May I have their address, please?|A and B guest house is on 124 tenison road, cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you.  Also I am looking for the address of a place called williams art and antiques.|I found that for you.  It is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and their phone number is 01223311687.
Thanks. I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.|Certainly.  Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination.
I just need to leave the hotel by 03:45.|Your ride has been booked, it will be a white bmw. Call 07514195379 if you have any further questions.
OK, thanks. That's all I need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|What area would you like that in?
In the east side of town.|We have 7 options that meet your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind or would you like a recommendation?
Not really, but can you give me the address for your favorite place?|I prefer the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  It's a 4 star guesthouse in the moderate price range.  Would you like for me to book a room for you?
Could you just give me the address for now?|The address is 138 perne road
I would also like to get some expensive fusion food.|There is nothing that meets that criteria, shall I run another search?
How about a British restaurant instead?|There are 6 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area? If not, then I recommend graffiti.
Is Graffiti in the same area as my hotel? I'd like to keep it to that area if possible.|Graffiti is in the west area. Would you like me to see what is available in the east area?
yes, I would prefer it to be in the west area.|Graffiti serves British food in the west area, are you ready to make a reservation?
Possibly, but first can you give me the exact address for Graffiti?|Sure they are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntington Road, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was confused.  I need a british restaurant in the east side.  Sounds like Graffiti won't work for me.|How about travellers rest restaurant located in the west side of town?
I need a restaurant in the east area, so that won't work.|Okay. There is one option here for you. It is grafton hotel restaurant. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please. Go ahead and book it for me. Thank you and good bye|I need more information, such as when you would like to book it and for how many people?
I need information on a place called Magdalene college.|Oh sure thing! That's a huge college campus in the west side of town. They are located on Magdalene Street and have free admission.
Great! What is their postcode?|Their post code is cb30ag.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.|We have many fine accommodations in town! What are you looking for in a place to stay?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate area, I don't care about free parking, I won't be bringing my mercedes on this trip.|a and b guest house would suit your needs. Could I make a booking for you?
No, thank you. However, will you please tell me the postcode?|cb12dp. Is there anything else?
Could you tell me now many star rating that has? Is it in the North? I forgot to say I need it there.|a and b is not in the north, but there a few guesthouses in the north. Do you care for free wifi?
Internet doesn't matter to me. Any guesthouse in the north that you recommend will be fine. I'll just need the phone number, star, and postcode.|I suggest acorn guest house, it is a four star guesthuse in 154 chesterton road. their number is 01223353888	and code is cb41da.
Thanks, that is all I need.|Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
YOu too thanks so much.|you are so welcome
i will be sure to call you if i need your services|it was a pleasure serving you.
Does Cambridge have an establishment called the Shanghai Family Restaurant?|The Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 on Sunday.|I was able to book the table for you the reference number is BAHVA4JZ, they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else today?
Yes. I would like a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.|Is there a price range you prefer?
Yes, i am looking for a four star hotel in the expensive range.|University arms hotel would be a great fit! need a reservation?
Yes, please! Same group of people as the restaurant, same day. We'll want to stay for 4 nights.|Your hotel is booked. Your reference number is EYOTOQRV. Can I help with something else?
No, I believe we are all set. Thank you!|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?|I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options.|They are the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.
The University Arms sounds good.|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL.
I need a place to stay in the south.|I show 4 locations available. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.|I have found 2 guesthouses in the south in the moderate price range. The aylesbray lodge guest house has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect!  Please book it for me.  Thank you!|I need to know the day and how many people will be staying, please?
How about you try to search for a type of the guest house without certain dates?|There are the two guesthouses that were mentioned previously, if you would like to see if there are other options, you will need to broaden your search requirements.
I would like to know more about the Aylesbray Lodge, do you have the address and can you tell me whether they offer free parking?|They do indeed have parking and their location is 4 mowbray road. I can book this for you if you'd like, I just need to know details about your stay.
That's all the info I need about the guesthouse, but I also need to book a train leaving on Friday.|See where that train will be coming from. I mean where will you be leaving from?
I need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford|There are 5 trains going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford on Friday. Do you have a preference in time?
I just need to get there by 2:30 PM is all.|TR4076 departs from bishops stortford going to cambridge on Friday. It leaves at 1:29pm and arrives at 2:07pm. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 4 people, and can you give me a reference number?|We have it booked for 4 tickets. Your reference number is B5DD4PQW. The total fee is 40.40 GBP.
That is all I needed today and I thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye!
i want to do some boating today|The Cambridge Punter is located at 251a Chesterton Road. Would that fit the bill?
Is that located in the north?|Sorry, the cambridge punter is in the center, but there's the Riverboat Georgina in the north.
Perfect, could you give me their post code?|of course! it is cb41as
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north.|We have guesthouses and hotel ranging from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference on price range so we can narrow it a bit more?
The hotel should be in the same area as the attraction and should have a star of 4.|we have quite a few in the north when are you planning your stay?
5 nights, starting from Thursday. For 3 people. Reference number please.|Would you like me to suggest one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.|I would recommend the archway guesthouse, do you want more information or a booking?
I would like you to book please.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6WM7SEWY. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 3:15. Please provide the contact number and car type.|I will work on looking for one and let you know shortly.
Great thank you so much.|You're welcome! What is you destination?
I want to go to the Riverboat Georgina, please.|what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 3:15 please.|I'm sorry, you mentioned that earlier. I've got your taxi booked. It will be a red Tesla, the contact number is 07760358173. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all for today.|Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.
Can I get the next train?|I'm afraid our train system seems to be down at the moment.  Can I help you find a hotel until it is back up and running?
No, but I am looking for a nightclub to go to. What ones are there?|There are quite a few in the Centre. I suggest either Club Salsa or Soul Tree Nightclub.
Club Salsa sounds good. Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?|You sure may.  The address is 1 Station Road, CB12JB.  The phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thanks. I would like some information on Rosa's bed and breakfast, please.|What information are you looking for?
Does such a place exist? If so, I would like some information on it, like the postcode.|sure the address is 53 roseford road	and the postcode is cb22ha. anything else?
That is everything, thank you very much.|Enjoy your visit.
Hi, Can you help me find a train from Norwich to Cambridge?|I would be happy to help! What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive wednesday at 16:45.|There is a train which departs at 15:16 and arrives at 16:35 would you like me to book that one?
No need to book it today.  I would like the price and travel time if you have it there, though.|The price is 17.60 pounds and travel time is 79 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a hotel with free parking.|We have 29 hotels that may be what you need. Is there a certain area or price range you are looking for perhaps?
I'd like a guesthouse with a star of 4, please.|The archway house meets your criteria. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please, I need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, that length of stay is not available. Would you like to try again for a shorter stay?
How about 1 night at the archway house for 4 people.  Please book and provide a reference number.  Thank you.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FEK7TT66. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today, thank you|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I'm looking for the Lensfield Hotel. Can you help me find it?|Yes of course, it is located at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No thank you. Could you give me the postcode and tell me if they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking. The postcode is cb21en. Is there anything else you'd like to know about this hotel?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks! Bye!|You are welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige belfry.|This is a cheap 4 star hotel in the west.  It has internet and parking.  Are you looking to book a stay?
Yes can I get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is  9GSZPI6R.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I'm all set. Thanks!|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I'd really like to find a moderately priced guesthouse.|May I suggest the Carolina Bed and Breakfast? It's located in the east and has 4 stars. There is parking and internet with this as well.
I am looking for a guesthouse in the moderate price range which includes free parking.|I'd suggest acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, let's book a room here.|When would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house?
Any time is fine.  What area is it located?|The north park of town,would you like me to book it for you ?
Hm, I think I want to hold off on a booking. But I do need to book a place to eat. I think I'll just want north american food.|The only North American place in town is the Gourmet Burger Kitchen. Their food is wonderful. Would you like to book a table?
What part of town is it in?|It is in the centre area.
Okay great. Let's book it for tuesday at 16:45, with 3 people. And please remember to send the reference number|Your booking was a success, and the reference number is TUVWUICU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great.!! Nope that'll be all .Thank you have a great day|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre, please.|There are many choices and many price ranges. What type of food and price range are you looking for?
Asian oriental, and expensive please!|I found the Kymmoy restaurant.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for four people at 13:30 on Wednesday please.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please do give me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is ZNRO4W2P.
Can you also help me find a hotel?|Sure! Are you looking for anything specific?
I want an expensive 3 star hotel that has free internet. The area doesn't matter.|The gonville and Lensfield hotel have shown up under that criteria.  do you have a preference?
The gonville please|Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, for 4 people. It'll be a total of 4 nights starting from Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : JFBOXS4X. Anything else?
I don't need anything else.|Great! I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from bishops stortford?|Absolutely! What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:15, please.|You have a few options available if you're traveling from bishops stortford to cambridge. There is a train leaving at 09:29, Does that work for you?
Great. Let's book it for 6 people. Give me the reference number.|Your train has been booked for 6 people. The train ID is TR2083. Your reference number is WCVY3PV1.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.|You have 17 options that meet that criteria. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to narrow your options down?
The place must have a 3 star rating and include parking.|Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I do not.|I'm sorry.  Nothing is coming up for your specifications.  I need you to narrow down your info.
Well lets try again and book me in what you choose for 2 nights from Friday for 6 people.|How about bridge guest house? They are moderately priced with free wifi and parking and 3 stars.
That sounds great.  Can I book 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday.|I have you booked, the reference number is VM1KGTU7, can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.  Where would you recommend?|Several good choices come to mind, what part of town are you looking to stay in?
any part but should have free parking and moderately priced. should also be a star of 4|I have 9 entries, all of them are guesthouses. Is that acceptable?
Do you have any thing that is not a guesthouse in other areas?|No I am sorry all that are available are guesthouses
Yes. Monday, two nights three people.|I'm sorry but there are no hotels available with those specifications. Would you like to look in a different area?
Do you have any of the guesthouses in the centre?|No, sorry I don't. Would you like to try a different area?
It doesn't matter where the guesthouse is! I'm sorry, a hotel or guesthouse is absolutely fine, the only thing that matters is free parking, 4 stars, and in the moderate price.|The Acorn Guest House matches the criteria you are looking for. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please. There's 3 of us and we want to check in on Monday and stay for just 2 nights|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to know more about a hotel called home from home.|Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse with internet and parking in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
I'd prefer an address at this point. Thanks!|Okay. Their address is 78-80 Milton Road.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.|I recommend Royal Standard, a gastropub in the east.  It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I will have a party of 8 ready to dine on Sunday at 18:15.|All righty, your reservation is set for Sunday, 18:15, for 8 people. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is NUVBZXWY.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.|Great, will you need a taxi perhaps?  I can also give you information on attractions in the area.
Oh yes of course. I need one to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15. Please provide the car type and contact number.|Done. Look for a white volkswagon and the contact number is 07673977358. Will there be anything else today?
No, that was all I need, thanks.  Goodbye.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|Do you have an area or price range in mind? And do you want a hotel or a guesthouse?
Price doesn't really matter, but the centre of town might be better.|I have a cheap guesthouse and an expensive hotel in the center. I recommend the hotel - the University Arms.
Can you provide the address please?|It is located on Regent Street. Anything else I can help you with today?
What was their price range again, please?|It is in the expensive price range.
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre|What type of attraction are you interested in?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?|great saint mary's church has wonderful architecture if you like that kind of stuff.
i also want to book a taxi|Your taxi is booked. Your car is a blue honda and contact number is 07090663777. Anything else you need?
that's it for today. thank you for your help!|thanks again have thank you for all of your help today
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.|There are several that offer free parking what is your price range?
My price range is mid to high range.|There are several hotels that fits that description what area would you like?
I would like a hotel in the south with a star rating of 4.|I have one listing for aylesbray lodge guest house.
All right, if there are no hotels, the guest house will do. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?|The address is 5 Mowbray Road and the postcode is cb17sr. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not right now. Can you help me find a modern European restaurant that is cheap?|I have one place in the Centre of town. Would you like me to book you in?
Sure. Book it for 7 people at 11:15 on thursday.|I have you booked at the river bar steakhouse and grill.   The reference number is BASBIQ2I, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Any other questions?
No, that'll be all, thanks. You were a great help.|Enjoy your stay in cambridge. Thank you.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in east cambridge.|The only hotel that fits that description is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, but there are also several guesthouses if you are interested.
Is the Express by Holiday Inn cheap? And have a star of 4?|It is in the expensive price range with a 2 star rating.
Hm, I would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.|Autumn House has all your requirements except it not being a Holiday Inn Express. Would you like a booking there?
I just would like their postcode and phone number and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?|Okay! They do have internet. Their postcode is CB58RS, and their phone number is 01223575122.
Sounds great.  Could I also get info on a train for monday?|Please give me your departure and destination. And what time do you want to leave at.
It should depart Cambridge to Peterborough.  I need to be there by 21:30.  I need reservations for 8.  Can I get a reference number please?|TR9003 will have you there by 7:56.  Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : AV90SV4C
Thanks for all of your help today. That is all I need.  Bye.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the east. Oh i need free parking, thank you.|Okay. What price range are you looking for? I have many options.
Well I would like a guesthouse and I don't have to have internet.|I have 5 options for you, I can narrow it down by price, would you prefer a cheap room or a moderately priced room?
It really doesn't matter. Can you recommend one?|I would recommend The Autumn House. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east that is 4 rated. They offer free parking and wifi. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please, I need 5 people to stay for 3 nights starting on Thursday|You are booked, the reference number is U9EUBHWC, can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place called Nandos, it is a restaurant.|I'd be happy to help with that!  Nandos is a Portuguese Restaurant.  They have two locations, one in the south and one in the centre.  Would you like to book one of them?
I have no preference, I just need it booked for 5 people at 13:00  on Thursday.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this.
Okay why don't you try for saturday instead then?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book either location.  Would you like to try another Portuguese restaurant?
Can you try again?  I would really like to try this restaurant.  I have heard really good things about the food.|Thanks for your patience, there was a system issue that was just fixed, booking is set, the reference number is QDZ7FBSO, any other questions?
That was everything. Thank You|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Thanks again for your help.|Thank you and  enjoy your time with us!
Can you direct me to hotel in the west end?  Ideally one with free parking?|We have two guesthouses and two hotels on the west end offering free parking.
I need a guesthouse that also has free wifi.|I have finches bed and breakfast or hobsons house. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, 5 people 2 nights from Monday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is BUUMAP41.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's it'. I really appreciate your help!|Have an excellent stay!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What area would you like to stay? And do you have a pricerange?
i would like to stay in the north and looking for something with 4 stars|Do you need internet or parking?
I do need parking. Is there anything available?|Yes, there are 7 hotels available. I'd recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a room?
book for 4 people and 4 nights from wednsday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UN9VHM37.  Anything else I can help you with today?
I am also am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn.  I need to arrive by 12:30.  Can you help me book a train?|Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge on Friday.|TR3947 leaves cambridge at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58.  Would that work for you?
What is price for a ticket and I also need the travel time.|The cost is 9.80 pounds and the total travel time is 47 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been very helpful.  I have all of the information I need for now.  Thanks so much, bye.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.
I am looking for a hotel in North Cambridge|There are 2 hotels in the north. I recommend Ashley Hotel, at 74 Chesterton Road.
I need them in the cheap range|Both hotels in the north are moderately priced, would you like me to look for a cheap hotel in a different area of Cambridge?
No, thank you. I'd like more information on the ones in the moderate price range.|The ashley hotel telephone number is	01223350059	and the adress is 74 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they have free parking and wifi?|Yes they are included in both
Great, I'll book Tuesday-Sunday night so that I leave on Monday.|Am I booking for you only or are there others?
No that's all sure you get address and entrance fee.|The address is 74 chesterton road.
Can you let me know the entrance fee?|It is a hotel. There is no entrance fee, but the price range is moderate.
Can you tell me if they have free parking and internet?|Yes the ashley hotel has both free internet and free parking.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like some information on a park near the hotel.|milton country park is a very nice park. What would you like to know ?
I want the address and entrance fee information|The Milton Country Park is free to get into, and the address is Milton Country Park, Milton. A bit redundant, I know.
Thanks! Can you book a taxi to pick me up at 11:00 at the hotel and take me to the park?|A blue volkswagen is reserved for you. The phone number is 07990624686. Will there be anything else today?
Thanks that will be all I'm needing today. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you find a hotel named Worth House for me? Thanks.|Sure, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?|Yes, they have free wifi. Do you need anything else?
I would also like a train that leaves on Tuesday and arrive by 14:30.|There are many trains moving on Tuesday, can I get your preferred point of departure and arrival?
I will be going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|There are multiple trains leaving that match your request. When is the earliest you would want to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:30 I don't have a preference on departing time.|TR2771 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would this one work for you?
i need info about cambridge university botanic gardens|That's a lovely park on Bateman street. What else do you need to know?
What is the cost of admission to the park?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can you tell me their hours of operation please?|I do not have that information their telephone number however is 0122336265
I also need a hotel.|Ok.  Can you tell me a little more about your preferences?  area? price range?
I'm actually looking for the Gonville hotel.|Gonville is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I'll be staying 4 nights starting Friday.|How many people will be staying there?
just one person.|Your booking for the Gonville Hotel was successful. Your reference number is Y7TYJA3D.
I need a hotel to stay at that is 3 stars. I would preferably like one that has free wifi at it, and possibly close to the local restaurants.|Try gonville hotel located at gonville place.
Ok, sounds good.  What is the price?|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range.
Oh, that won't work. I need it to be cheap.|There aren't any cheap 3 star hotels that have free wifi. Do you have alternative preferences?
How about one in the expensive price range?|There are 2,one in centre,and one in the south,which would you like more?
The one in the south. Can you book it for me?|I can book the lensfield hotel, how many people will be staying?
I need it booked for 2 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.|Okay I have you booked at the Lensfield Hotel starting Thursday for 5 nights for 2 people.  Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the reference number on that? Also I would like to book a restaurant as well in the same price range|Of course, the reference number is 41A4LS9O.  We have 57 restaurants in the expensive price range.  What type of food are you interested in eating?
I would like fusion food and please make sure the restaurant is located in centre.|I apologize, I do not have any fusion options available in the town centre.  Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you try european? I'd like a booking for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day.|I am unable to get a reservation for 2 at 17:45. Should I try a different time?
Yes I suppose, how about 16:45 instead?|You have a reservation for 2 at Eraina on Thursday at 16:45. Your reference number is 80V5LKSU.
Sounds great!  I'd like to book a taxi to commute between the two.|Alright, when would you like to leave and arrive by?
I want it to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time.|ok i have a yellow ford able to pick you up! Is there anything else I can do for you?
can I please have the contact number for the taxi?|Of course, my apologies for the oversight. Their contact number is 07149496005.
Great.  Looks like I have all the information I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Good night, enjoy your stay at cambridge.
I'm in search of a place to stay. A hotel, please, with free parking.|Yes there are many, can I get the area and price range you are looking for in the hotel?
It would be great if it included wifi and was in the north.|I show 2 hotels that meet that criteria.  Would you like more details on them?
Yes please,parking and WiFi and Car Rental.|Both hotels have parking and wifi, would you like to book one?
Yes. I need the reference number too|Please tell me the day you will be checking in, how many people and how many nights?
Friday, 5 nights, beginning this friday.|I also need to know the number of people staying please.
There will be 3 people.|The Ashley Hotel's book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try Lovell Lodge?
Yes, as long as it's in the same price range.|The Lovell Lodge is in the same price range, and I was able to book that for you. Ref#T03205PR. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything, thank you.|Sure. Enjoy your stay, goodbye!
What is there to do or see for entertainment?|There are many options, including a boat, college, architechture, and theatre.
What is in the centre?|There are still 44 entries including options like architecture, theatre, museums, concerthall, etc. Do you think you can narrow down your options a bit?
If there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?|Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't mind paying admission.|OKay then I would suggest great saint mary's church
Sound good. Can I get their address, phone number and entrance fee please?|Sure! The address is Market Square. Phone number is 01223350914 and it costs 2 pounds to get in.
Thanks. I also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.|The cityroomz hotel is located in the centre and has free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?|I don't. Would you like to try a different location or price?
Yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.|of how many stars do you prefer?
I have no preference.|The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range, with free wifi. Do you want me to book it? I will need your details.
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people.|I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel for?
Saturday or tuesday.|Which day do you prefer?
I would prefer Saturday please.|do you want to book for one day?
I want five nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : G1KVK1RL
Thanks. I will also need a taxi from great saint mary's churchto the  Avalon guesthouse.|When do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the church by 12:00, please.|Okay. No problem I have you booked into a red Lexus and their contact number will be 07211078651.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
Hello can you help me find a place to stay, such as a hotel? Also it needs to be at a reasonable price with free parking.|Yes, I can help with that! There are guesthouses and one hotel available with the amenities that you require. What area would you like to stay in?
Do any of the options have two stars?|Unfortunately none of the options has two stars, would you like to change the search criteria?
Any star is fine.|I would recommend the autumn house, a 4 star guesthouse in the east. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Is that in the moderate price range?|It is actually in the cheap price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range instead?
Yes please.  I actually do need a 2 star rating too.|Ok, the ashley hotel is in the north with a moderate price range. Two stars. Would you like me to book you rooms?
Sure it'll be for 5 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|You are booked, the reference number is H1UWXXBY, are there any further questions?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday. I will be departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge.|Trains leave birmingham new street every hours starting at 05:40. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive?
Yes I need to arrive by 19:45.|The first train leaves at 5:40, is that too early?
How long is the train trip? I just need to arrive by 19:45|The train ride is 163 minutes, I can book you on the TR4631 which leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23.
Sure. Please book it for 5 people and provide me the reference number.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is D3EMA14P
That will be all, thanks for your help.|Have a nice day.
I need a restaurant in the east.|I have several restaurants that would work. Do you have a price range?
not really. just book it for 6 people at 15:00 on monday. Get me a ref number please.|thanks. the reference number is 0KSZQNWL
I also need a place to stay and would like to fins a guesthouse with a star rating of 4.|Which area would you like to stay in?
On the East side please, in the same area as the restaurant|great, i have 6 options for you! do you need parking or wifi?
I'm impartial to both, but would like to know if they have or don't have internet available.|They both have internet.
Ill take the one in the East,can you book it for me?|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is cheap and in the east. 4 star rated and they offer free parking and wifi. What day for your reservation?
Sounds great! May I please have the postcode?|Sure! It's cb58rs. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need today thanks for all the help.|You are very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further service. Good-bye.
Hello, can you help me find a four star place to stay in the west?|the cambridge belfry is located in the West and has 4 star rating.
Does this include free parking?|Yes, it does.
Please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting on friday.|The Cambridge Belfry hotel was unable to accommodate 4 days for 6 people.  Would you like to choose another day or shorten your stay?
Yes, could you try just for one night starting on Friday? Please let me know the reference number as well.|It was successful your reference number is 0LH6U2Y7.
I need an expensive restaurant. Something that is impressive in the same area of the hotel. Can you find one for me?|Are you looking for a certain type of food?
No, I don't have a preference. But I want something in the west and is expensive. Can you suggest one?|I have 9 different restaurants. They offer british, european, indian food and thai. Which would you like?
I don't have a preference but I need the reservation at 15:15 for 6 people on friday.  Can you find one to meet those requirements?|Thank you, I was able to book you for Sala Thong Thai food. The table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is W1YD01TD.
That is great. Thank you.|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! Goodbye.|Thank you for using the help desk.
I am looking for a park to go to.|Is there a particular area of town you'd like to spend time in?
I would prefer the south side of Cambridge.|I have two parks in the south. The Sheep's Green and Lammas land park fen causeway and the other is Wandlebury Country park. Would you like info on either one?
Yes.  Please give me the entrance fee, address, and phone number for The Sheep's Green, please.|the phone number is 01223302580 and admission is free
Thank you. I'm also look for an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, to stay in. I'd like it to have free wifi and it needs to have 2 stars.|We have an expensive 2 star hotel in the east called express by holiday inn cambridge. It's located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking as well as free wifi.
please do the booking for me..two persons|When will you arrive and how many days will you be staying?
Sorry, don't want to book right now.  But I do need a taxi to get between the attraction and the hotel.|I can do that. I just need to know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by 11:30.|How many people will be traveling?
Just me, thank you.|No problem! A red Ford will pick you up from the park, contact number 07109413810. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need for to today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Need a moderately priced hotel with 4 stars.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels in town. Would you like to try a different rating or price?
Could you find me something that includes free parking and wifi?|The Ashley Hotel is located in the north and has a 2 star rating in the moderate price range Would you like me to make a reservation for you
Great can I book a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting thursday?|I booked you rooms for 7 people staying 2 nights at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is ZWCF98NW. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant in centre of town serving british food|There are several is there a certain price range you are looking for?
Not really, but can you tell me the phone number and price range for your favorite one?|My favorite is fitzbillies restaurant. It's in the expensive price range and you can reach them at 01223352500.
I need a taxi to get between the two places.|I can book you at taxi from ashely hotel to fitzbillies restaurant.  I would just need to know what time you'd like to leave and what time to arrive.
I need it by 21:45 from the restaurant to the hotel. I also want to know the car type and the contact number.|Ok great, I have you booked in a grey tesla and the contact number is 07579479936. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all thank you so much. Bye.|Have a great day!
Are there any rooms available in hotels with free parking?|Yes. Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
Are there any available for less than $200 a night?|There are several. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and is in the Centre. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a 2 star hotel?|No, it has 4 stars
Let's try a hotel type with free parking in the centre of town with a star of 2.|I'm sorry. I have no 2 star hotels in the center of town. However, I have some in other parts of town. Would you care to modify your search criteria?
how about for 2 nights?|The only 2 star hotels are in the north or the east.  Do you mind staying in one of those areas?
Yes that would be fine with me|How about the Ashley Hotel? It is on the north side of town, has 2 stars, free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Can you make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, the rooms are unavailable for that day and time. Can I try a shorter stay for you or possibly a different day?
How about for 2 nights?|Yes, I was able to successfully book you for two nights. Is there anything else you need?
Can I have the reference number and address please?|Of course! The reference number is QZYSOMAW and the address is 74 chesterton road. May I help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|We're glad to be of service, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you need more help while you're in Cambridge!
I want to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel.|Great there are 2 very nice options.  Huntingdon in the west and University Arms in the Centre.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay at university Arms, can you book it for me?|Absolutely! How many people should I make the reservation for and for how many nights?
four people for four nights.|And what night do you wish to arrive?
I will be staying tonight. Is there parking available?|yes there is parking
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area?|Do you not need the hotel reservation then?  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have a preference.|There are colleges and museums in the area, would you like information on one of them?
Yes, can you please send me the info on a college?|How about churchill college? It's address is storey's way, their postcode is cb30ds, phone number is 01223336233, and entrance is free.
That sounds perfect.  That is all I need today.|If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact us again, Good day.
I am looking for an expensive gastropub restaurant in Cambridge|I see there are two in centre and one in East area. Do you have a preference?
Yes I need the one in the east.|Great! That's the Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre cb13nl. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. We need a table for 2 at 14:45 on Saturday.|Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different time?
How about at 13:45?|Your table is booked! It will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 9M44WAHK.
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like a 3 star place that's in the expensive price range.|I recommend the Lensfield hotel on the south side. Shall I book a room?
I would like it to have free parking, please.|The Lensfield has free parking and free internet. Did you need a room there, or perhaps their address?
I would like to book a room, please.|Ok, I can book a room for you at the Lensfield Hotel, I just need some information.  For starters, what day would you like to check in?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on the reservation, but can you provide their phone number, please?|The Lensfield Hotel's phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you. Do you know what type of hotel Lensfield is?|It is a hotel, expensive. What else would you like to know?
Does this hotel offer free wifi?|Yes it does.
I need to book a taxi to go between both places,needs to arrive after we finish at restaurant and I need car type and number|Ok, I've booked a white Tesla for you, their contact number is 07752313537. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, I know I said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out I need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - 14:45 on Saturday|Ok I changed that for you. You will have a white audi contact number 07235895362
Great, thanks so much. Sorry for the confusion.|It's no problem. Is there something else I could assist you with today?
That is everything, thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
Yes, I was wondering if you could assist me with finding a train for Thursday.|No problem. We have 404 such entries. Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving from stansted airport and heading to cambridge. I need to get there by 19:30.|The latest train you can take is the 18:24 train out of stansted, which arrives in cambridge at 18:52. Would you like took book a seat?
No, but could you give me the train ID, departure time, and travel time of that train?|Certainly, the train ID is TR5433 and it departs at 18:24.  The total travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be a four star that includes wi-fi.|We have 21 hotels of that type. Is there a location or price range you would prefer?
Actually, I'd like the hotel to include free parking if possible, but it doesn't need to have free wifi. I'd like to stay on the north end of town.|Would you like to stay at the worth house? It's a guesthouse in the north, in the cheap price range, has 4 stars, wifi and parking.
Is that in the north? It sounds like what I'm looking for if it's in that area.|I have 4 Guesthouses in the North area. They each are 4 stars, include FREE parking, and WIFI. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I need of for seven people starting today and lasting five nights.|The Acorn guesthouse is able to accommodate you. Your reference number is 7RVELIR8.
Thanks for you're help! That'll be all.|Goodbye, have a good day.
Hi I would like to find a place to stay that has a guesthouse and free parking.|Which day would you like the reservation to start?
Can you tell me the hotels that meet that criteria first? I need a 4-star guesthouse with parking.|Acorn Guest House has all the criteria you need. Would you like me to book that?
Book it for 4 people staying for 2 nights and give me the reference number.|I would be happy to do that. I just need to know what day you would like your reservation to start.
monday, please|Your booking was successful for 4 people at the Acorn Guest House, staying 2 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is : DB9SPLT7. Is there anything else I can do today?
Also on Monday I am looking for a train destined for Cambridge. I need to depart at 21:00 from the Stevenage.|It looks like there are only trains on Friday and Saturday from Stevenage. Would another day do?
Before we continue, I need the reference number for my hotel booking.|Reference number is : DB9SPLT7.
So is there any train on Monday?|There are two. One leaving at 21:54 and the other leaving at 23:54.
Are there any trains from stevenage to cambridge on Monday leaving at 21:00? That is what I'd prefer.|The closest train would be TR1699 departing Stevenage at 21:54 arriving Cambridge 22:43. The ticket would be 12.80 GBP. Shall I book this for you?
I suppose, please give me a price and train ID.|The train id is TR1699 and the price is 12.80 pounds. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
One ticket, please.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all for today. Thank You!|1 ticket for train ID TR1699 from stevenage to cambridge at 21:54 has been booked. Your reference number is W6J8TUAC. Have a nice day.
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars.|We've got 33 four star hotels in the area.  Is there any particular part of town you'd like to limit it to?
Yes, the centre of town please. Also, no internet is needed, but i would prefer free parking.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse (cheap) and University Arms Hotel(expensive) are both available in that area and are 4 stars with parking.
no worries, i can give you three options to choose from|I'm sorry, you must have misunderstood. Would you like me to book Alexander or University Arms for your stay?
Can i get the phone number and address for University Arms please?|Sure, the phone number is 01223351241 and the address is regent street. Would you like to book a room?
No I just need the price range, address and phone please.|It is in the expensive price range, and the address is regent street postcode cb21ad.  You can call them at 0122335124.  Could I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a restaurant with modern eclectic food in Centre.|I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants like that. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about lebanese food?|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. It's moderately priced. Will that work for you?
Yes that sounds great. Please book me a table for 5 at 20:00 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 66Y5KK37.
Thank you, that is all I need. Have a good day.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for a hotel called the alpha-milton guest house.|Sure! I've located the guesthouse, it is located in the north area. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you but I do need the address please?|Sure, the address is: 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Anything else I can get you?
I am also looking for a attraction called cambridge contemporary art.|Yes, it is located at 6 trinity street, is there other information you need on it?
Could I get the phone number and entrance fee?|It's free to get in, and their phone number is 01223324222. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much and have a wonderful day!|Thank you! You, too, and I hope you will enjoy your stay!
I am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the north part of town for me.|I found five guesthouses. In order to narrow down the choices, would you like one that has internet or parking?
Well I would like one that's in a moderate price range. It needs to include free parking.|There are 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and all have parking, I apologise for the earlier error. Do you have a preference to star numbers?
No, that doesn't matter. I need to book one for Wednesday.|How about the Archway House? How manny days would you like to stay, and how many in your group?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book 3 days for 7 people. I also need the reference number as well.|I'm afraid there's no availability for that time. Can we try a different day or length of stay?
2 nights, then.|I am sorry, that hotel is not open for that booking. Should I try another hotel?
Yes, please. Something in the north, again.|Actually I was able to book Archway House for you after all.  2 Nights.  Your reference number is MHAH7NWT. Do you need anything else?
Nope. I think I'm all set. Thank you kindly.|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the south part of town.|You have your choice of Italian or Modern European, do either of those sound good?
Italian sounds good. May I please have the phone number of a restaurant that you recommend?|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton sounds perfect for you. They're located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can for you?
Could you also help me find a place to stay?|How's you budge? could you like a cheap, expensive or moderate place?
Price isn't important. I need free parking and wifi. It also should be a 3 star hotel. Can you find one in the same area as Pizza Hut?|The only 3-star accommodations in the center is the Gonville Hotel. It's expensive, but a great place to stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book a room.|How many nights will you be needing?
Actually the wife just told me she already booked.   I just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.  Need to leave by 02:15|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey toyota
Contact number	:	07404040949
Thank you for all your help.|your welcome and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
Can you find me a place to eat?  I want something cheap and Spanish.|I got a restaurant called La Raza, and phone is 01223454550
Is this in the centre? I'd like something in the centre, if possible.|This is located in the centre. Did you want to book it?
Yes. Book it for 6 people at 18:15 on monday. Can I also get the reference number too?|I was able to book your reservation to La Raza for your specified date/time. Your reference number is SG2DPAUE. Is there anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4 star hotel in the west part of town, please.|I have 3 hotels that are 4 star rated in the west. I have two that are cheaper and one that is expensive. Which would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate price range and I will need free wifi as well.|Now I am showing 0 results. Would you like to try a different price range?
Ok, how about a cheap one instead?|How about The Cambridge Belfrey?
Yes! Please book me for a 4 night stay, starting Monday, for 6 people. Please send reference number as well.|Yes I was able to get you in at the Belfry and your reservation number is 0EO0KDJR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 18:15, please.|I found a black honda with phone number 07205421072 making that trip.
Sounds great. Please make a booking.|Your booking has been successful! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today - thank you so much for all your help! I'm excited to see Cambridge.|it is my pleasure.
I will be visiting family in the south part of cambridge and we would liek to get one last boating excursion in.  Any boating places in the south area?|It looks like there isn't any boating in the south area.  Would you like me to look in a different area of town?
How about a nightclub in the south?|Sure, The Place is on 22 sidney street and the postcode is cb23hg. Phone number is 01223324600.
Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
i would like place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi|aylesbray lodge guest house is a nice four star guesthose with internet available. Would you like me to book you a room?
I would prefer a guest house that has one star.  Is there one available also with free wifi?|No, I'm sorry there are no 1 start guesthouses offering free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, the four will be fine, then. I don't need to book, yet. Thanks for your help.|No problem. Are you sure you don't want to go ahead and make a reservation?
Can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|Okay.  I have a reservation for 4 for two nights starting Friday.
I am visiting Cambridge and would like to stay at Allenbell can you help give me some information on it?|That is a guesthouse in the East that is the cheap price range. They have free internet and parking.
i wish to book it  for 5 people and 4 nights starting from friday|It's been successfully booked! Your reference number is CWRUXD1R.
Thank you! I appreciate you providing the reference number.|No problem at all! Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I was wondering do they serve complimentary breakfast?|I don't have that information, but their phone number is 01223210353 if you would like to call them.
I am also looking for some recommendations on places to go in the east.|There are 10 attractions in the east. If you like boats, I would recommend camboats. There are also parks, museums and entertainment if you would prefer one of those instead.
The only requirement I have is that it be located in the east area of town. Surprise me.|Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. It is a museum type attraction, and entrance is free
please get phone number and attraction type.thanks|The attraction is a museum and the number is 01223902168.
Perfect, thanks. Can you find me a taxi to commute between the two? I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:00, please.|Your booking is completed, a yellow audi will be picking you up at your hotel.
Great.  Can you please give me the contact number for the audi?|The contact number for the Audi is 07820112704.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge, the train should depart after 21:45?|Hi, train TR4210 leaves fiday at 22:11.  Would you like me to book it?
I need to leave on Saturday from London Kings Cross. Is there a train leaving after 21:45 that fits my needs?|I have train TR8830 that will be leaving London Kings Cross at 23:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 24:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, how much would that cost total?|It is 18.88 pounds per ticket. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Just one ticket please and thank you|Your ticket has been reserved. Total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number ZM5K0A4Q. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on saturday for 4 nights, please?|Thank you so much for reserving my train ticket. I have the information for Autumn House you requested. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes. I need the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is DTKW11YU
That is all I needed today, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for information.  Can you help me with a train?|Sure.  Can I get some more information?  Where were you wanting to go to?
I would be leaving Cambridge and heading to Peterborough on Tuesday.|Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive in Peterborough by 13:45.  How long is the train ride?|The train ride is 50 minutes long. TR6310 leaves at 12:34 and arrives at 13:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thanks. No need to book at this time. Can you tell me about a hotel called the Avalon?|It is a moderately priced hotel on the north.
Sounds great.  How many stars it that?  And can I have the phone number?|The Avalon is a 4 star guest house. The phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes please make the reservation.|You need to tell me how many people are staying at what days.
I'm actually going to call the hotel before I make the reservation.  I think you for your time.  Have a nice day.|Is there anything else I can help you with ?
I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.|I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by 12:30.|I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.|Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.
Okay can I book that for 2 people for 5 nights from Tuesday.|Absolutely! I've got you booked under reference number QF965O6O. What else can I help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great - have a wonderful day!
I am going to be visiting cambridge and I would love to find a theatre to go to. Can you help me?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre in the centre is very popular. Would you like more information about it?
That sounds like a place I would enjoy. Can you give me the address?|Sure, It's located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please provide info on a hotel called City Centre North b and b.|They are rated 0 stars and price in the cheap range.   Parking and wifi are included
Can I have the area the hotel is in?|It looks like it is in the north part of town. Any other needs today?
That would be it. Thank you so much. Bye!|You're very welcome. I'm so glad I was able to help you. Have a wonderful visit!
Please find me a good Chinese restaurant on the East side|I show one chinese restaurant in the east, Yu Garden. Shall I make reservations for you?
No at this time I would just like their postcode.|Okay, no problem! Their postcode is CB58PA. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, I want to find a hotel with free wifi.|Do you have an area you'd like to stay in? And what is your price range?
I would like to stay in the east. I do not have a price range.|The carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately prices hotel rated 4 stars.
Can you book a room for me?|Sure, what day and how many people?
Friday for 2 people. We'll be staying for just 2 nights|When will you be arriving?
friday and can I get the reference number too please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you fax me the reference number, as well as any fees for additional amenities?|Sure, the reference number is D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will commute between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel at 08:45.|Ok, I have booked you a taxi, It is a yellow toyota and you may reach them at 07319585629. Is there anything else?
That is everything that I need.|thanks for inquiring with us
Ok. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|welcome anytime you need help
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, can you help me.|University arms hotel is located in the centre of town.
What is the price range for that?|The University Arms Hotel is an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Would that work for you?
No, I need a moderately priced hotel. Do you have one of those?|I have the cityroomz. It is a moderate price hotel in the center. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm sorry but I do need an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, with free parking in the center of town.|gonville hotel is a nice place.Would you like me to book it or do you want the adress ?
Hi! Are there any European restaurants in the center of town?|Yes, there are 8 results for European restaurants in town centre, what price range are you looking for?
Very, very insanely expensive, money is no object.|There are three expensive European restaurants in the Centre area.  Would you like to know the name and address of each location?
Yes thank you|Eraina is at Free School Lane CIty Centre, phone #01223368786. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday at 16:30 for 4 people.|Success! We've booked your reservation
Can  I have the reference number please?|Absolutely.  Your reference number is FXDNF0IU.  What else can I help you with?
A hotel and should include free parking, in the expensive price range,for same group for 2 nights|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel for 4 people with free parking in the expensive price range, for 2 nights|And what day would you like the reservation for?
I would like the hotel for two nights, starting on Thursday.|You are booked at the Gonville Hotel your reference number is LIA4E1ME. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for the assistance.|If you need anything else, please contact us with your needs.
That is all.  Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
i'm looking for museums in town|Cambridge has a variety of museums in all sections of town. Let's narrow your search. Is there a part of town or a type of museum you are interested in?
None in particular can you just pick one and give me the address please?|The museum of classical archaeology is located in the west at sidgwick avenue. They have a free entrance fee.
Thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in that is in the moderate price range.|I have several guesthouses in the moderate range available.  What area of town would you prefer?
I'd like to find something in the east, preferably with 4 stars.|I recommend the Carolina Bed & Breakfast. It has free parking and wifi, and it's located at 138 Perne Road, cb13nx.
That sounds great! What's their phone number?|Here you go. Do you need anything else. 01223247015
No that will be it! Thank you!|Thank you for using our services.  Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes. That's all I need. Thanks.|Hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you.  Good-bye.|Good bye! Enjoy!
Can you help me find a train leaving after 12:15 on friday?|Sure, what's the departure and destination.
from broxbourne to cambridge|The TR3158 meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the arrival time? I'll also need the travel time and train ID.|The arrival time is 13:32. The train ID is TR3158. And the travel time for this route is 60 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi.|There are 8 hotels available with internet and parking. What price range and area of the city are you interested in?
I want to to have a 4 star rating & be a guesthouse. It can be in any area of the town.|There are 16 options available.  Can I narrow it down for you by price range?
The price doesn't matter. Is there one that you would recommend?|I would recommend the Allenbell which is in the center and cheap. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please, for 3 people.  We'll need 3 nights starting Friday.  Can you please give me the reference number once it's booked?|Your room has been booked. Reference number is 77BQDD6I.
Great, you have been very helpful today.  Thanks. That is all I need.  Bye.|It's my pleasure.  Have a good day.
I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel with free wifi.|Which section of the town could you like the hotel to be in?
In the east please.|I have 3 listings that fit that criteria.   Would you need parking as well?
Parking isn't necessary, but I would like a 4-star hotel if possible.|I have 4-star guesthouses in the east. Warkworth House is a great place to stay.
Can you give me the postcode for that hotel?|Yes, the Warkworth house's postcode is cb11ee.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for information on cambridge book and print gallery. What area is it in?|The cambridge book and print gallery is in the west side of town. What else can I help you with?
Nothing else today, thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 1 star rating.|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like me to expand the search a bit?
Yes can you find guesthouses meeting that criteria?|I'm sorry, there are no hotels or guest houses matching that criteria.
Can you locate a cottage that offers what i am looking for.|There are no cottages.
Could you please try guesthouse, with free parking and a 4 star then?|I have 16 entries matching that criteria.  What part of town and price range would you prefer?
Could find one in a moderate or cheap price range?|Sure, there are a few.  Can I book you a room at one of them?  How about The Acorn Guest House?
Yes go ahead and try that please.|How many people are you wanting to book the hotel for?
for 8 people. Starting from Sunday for 4 nights, please.|The booking for the Acorn Guest House was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another hotel for you?
Yes, please. In the same price range, if possible.|I have the arbury lodge guesthouse in the same area and price range,would you like me to book that one?
Yes please try to book that for me thank you.|I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is 6NUU0T68. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all for me. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4|I am sorry, but there are no 4 star hotels in that area, would you like me to look up another type of hotel for you?
No, thank you. I'll have to figure something else out.|There are 6 guesthouses in the east with 4-star ratings in the moderate to cheap range. Are you interested?
No, that's all that I need. Thanks, good bye.|Great! Have a nice day!
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap place with free wifi. What are my options?|There are 10 cheap places that include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
No particular area, but I'd like it to be a guesthouse.|I have 9 potential guesthouses for you to chose from. How about the Allenbell on the east side?
I need to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday. Can you give me a reference number?|I have booked Allenbell for yourself and two additional guests for five days. The reference number is N625QW6Q. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a train for Monday.|Where will you be departing from and where will you be arriving?
I need to go to London Kings Cross from Cambridge.|I have 10 trains leaving on that day. Do you have a time of arrival or departure please?
I would like to leave after 19:00, other than that, I have no other preference. Please provide me with the train ID of one of these trains.|TR2634 leaves at 21:00 and arrives by 21:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that will work. Thank you for your help!|How many people will be in your party on the train?
Sorry, I'm actually not interested in a booking today, I just needed a train ID. I think that will be all!|Glad to help! Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for moderately priced rooms. I'm willing to pay for parking, though.|What area of town are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Is there anything available?|Well, we have three hotels, the Ashley, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge, as well as fifteen guesthouses. Would you like to know about any of them?
No I diffidently want a hotel.  Ashley sounds good can I book a stay on Thursday?|Sure, how many people and how many days do you want to stay?
I need 3 people for 5 nights starting thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3UJ7212U.
I also need a train leaving the same day as hotel|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London kings cross. I need to be in Cambridge by 15:45.|There is a 13:17 that would arrive by 14:08.  Would that work?
That's perfect! Please make a booking for 3 and provide the reference number once you're done. Thanks!|Your reservation for 3 tickets on the TR2512 train at 23.60 person was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 1MKW1ZCT.
Thanks for all your help! That will be all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
I want to party at a nightclub while I am visiting. Got a good one for me?|soul tree nightclub	is a good one in city centre.
How much does it cost to get in to Soul Tree Nightclub?|It costs 4 pounds to get into Soul Tree Nightclub. Do you want some additional information about them?
Could you just tell me their post code?|Certainly their postcode is cb23qf.
I also need to find a cheap place to stay that has free wifi, is a guesthouse and is located in the north.|i recommend worth house for you
Ok.  Book that for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I was able to book that for you. Your Reference number is : XKB91QUZ.
That is all I need. Goodbye.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town|We have several options.  What price range would suit your needs?
It doesn't matter.  We want to eat indian food.|Well I have the Curry Garden in the expensive price range.
Please provide me with the address and telephone number.|Yes, the address is 106 Regent Street in the City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Can I help with something else?
Could you also book it for me? 3 people, 14:30 on Sunday.|I have your table booked for Sunday afternoon.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 28O595TK. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you that is all|The prompt before this call came through said that you needed two things, do you need anything regarding a hotel, transport or attractions?
Sorry, I do need to find a guesthouse as well. Something moderately priced, perhaps 3 stars?|The alpha-milton guest house will fit your needs.  Would you like me to be book a room there?
No thank you, I just need the address, phone number and area.|the alpha-milton is located in the north. their address is 63 milton road and the postcode is cb41xa.
May I also have the telephone number for the alpha-milton, please?|Sure, the number for Alpha-Milton Guest House is 01223311625. Can I help with anything else?
i also want a taxi to help commute between the two places|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
it should pick me at the restaurant at the booked time|Are you sure that you don't want to get to the restaurant for your booked time?
I do need the taxi to get to Curry Garden by the booked time of 14:30. I'm a little scatter brained today.  Thank you for clarifying.|Great! I have booked you a taxi, which will pick you up from the hotel. It will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07140486418. Anything else today?
nope, that's all thanks so much!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes,that  is it for today. Thanks again.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for a train that leaves on monday after 16:15.  Any suggestions?|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and headed to Ely.|There is a train to Ely that leaves at 17:50 on Monday. Would you like me to book it?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time.|Sure the train id is TR4294 and the arrival time is 18:07.
I am also looking for a guesthouse with a rating of 4 stars.|I have several guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Is there a particular area you'd like to be in?
It does not matter but I  would like free parking.|What price range would you like?
Price range is not important, just the four stars.|What area of town would you like?
As long as it has free parking, that's all I really need. Can you recommend one and tell me a little about it?|I have 5 guesthouses with free parking. I recommend the Acorn Guest House in 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da.
Does it have free internet?|Yes, it has free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just the area and postcode please.|it is in the north area and the post code is cb41da. would you like to make a booking?
No, thanks. I'm not ready to book at this time.|Can i help you with anything else today?
Nope. That's all. Goodbye.|Thank for calling today.  Goodbye!
i am looking for a train. The train should go to broxbourne and should leave on sunday|Yes there are several trains available.  What is your departure site and arrival and departure times.
I'd like to leave from Cambridge to arrive at Broxbourne by 10:45.|TR2941 arrives at 10:01.
Could I get the price, departure time and train ID?|Yes, train TR2941, departing Cambridge at 9:01 will cost 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great. I also need a moderate hotel in the south.|There are no results matching your request. Would another location be okay, or perhaps a different price range?
Can you suggest something with free wifi and a 3 star rating? I'm open to less expensive price ranges.|There is the lensfield hotel but it is in the expensive price range, would you like me to try another area?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|Would a guesthouse be ok? I have a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the south with wifi.
I think I'd prefer a hotel.  I need it for 3 people, 2 nights starting Friday.  I need a reference number please.|I am sorry but there are no moderately priced 3 star hotels. Could we try another search?
There are no moderate 3 star hotels in the whole of London?|There are several in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I need a moderate priced room in the South. Hotel, or guesthouse.|bridge guest house is popular this time of year and would suit those needs. Can I book you a room?
Please book me a room, I would like the reference number.|Your reference number is T921UTQK.  What else can I do for you today?
Nothing else. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Bye.|good bye and have a great day
Can you tell me about a particular hotel called the avalon?|The Avalon is a 4 star hotel in north Cambridge that is in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 people, 5 nights. We'll arrive on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : DYAMG2CY. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice place to dine in the north.|We have many fine places in the north. I personally recommend the City Stop.
Do any of these places serve Vietnamese food?|Unfortunately, there are no results. Would you like me to search a different area or food type?
Can you please try French food instead?|Two Two is an expensive French restaurant in the north with wonderful food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please for two people at 16:15 on Wednesday please if its not too much trouble.|I have made your reservation at restaurant two two. Your reference number is VIVBN8WU.
Thats all for today thanks !|Okay, you are very welcome! Goodbye!
I need a place to stay.  I would like a 4 star place in the east area.|Sure we have 6 places, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I'd like a place that includes free wifi and it should be a hotel.|I'm afraid all of our 4-star accommodations in the east are guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
No, it would not. What do you have in the west area?|In the west I have two 4-star hotels - the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott.
Hmm, I think we are getting confused on what I need. I really need to find a hotel with 4 stars in the east. Or a guesthouse will do also.|I think allenbell would suit you well. Would you like more information?
Could I get the postcode, phone number and whether they have free parking?|The Allenbell's postcode is cb13js. Their phone number is 01223210353 and yes they do have free parking. Would you like to book this one?
Thanks. I also need an attraction to visit in the college category. Any suggestions?|there are no colleges in the east, can i look somewhere else?
Yes I would like to go to a college regardless of the area.|I'm sorry, we do not have any college listings.
Okay, what about Museums in the east?|There are 4 museums in the east. Any preferences?
Please check again for a college in any area.|A majority of our colleges are in the centre, but not all of them have free admission, are you looking for one with no entrance fee?
The centre is fine and free would be great!|There's Christ's College on Saint Andrew's Street. It's in the centre and free. Are you interested?
Yes.  Can I get the postcode?|Gonville and Caius college is quite interesting. Their post code is cb21ta. Their address is trinity street.
Thanks, I will need a taxi from the guesthouse to the attraction. I'd like to leave the guesthouse by 24:30.|Alright, got you a grey Toyota taxi to pick you up from the Allenbell at 24:30. Contact number is 07330473463. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you very much.|Okay great, have a good night!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need to find a place to stay.|Not a problem. We have 33 places to choose from. Do you have any preferences?
I need someplace cheap near the center of town. Free wifi and free parking are a must.|There are two places that fit your criteria. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Which are you interested in?
Let's book El Shaddai for 4 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.  Can you please send me the reference number?|Your reference number is QLYJQKTY.
I will also need a train departing from Cambridge.|I will need more information to be able to help you find the correct train, where are you headed?
I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross that arrives by 8:30.|I have two trains. One arrives by 5:51 and 7:51, shall I book one for you?
No, that's OK. Can I get the latter train's ID, departure time, and how long the trip is?|The TrainID is TR3343. It departs Cambridge at 7:00 and arrives at London Kings Cross at 7:51. The trip duration is 51 minutes.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I need. Thank you for all of your help.|You are welcome. Have a great trip!
I would like information about museums in Cambridge.|There are 23 museums in cambridge.  What part of town will you be in?
Can you tell me about museums in the centre of town?|I have the castle galleries museum in the centre of town. Phone number is 01223307402.
I also want to find the hotel called Archway House.|It's located in the north, on 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Friday for 4 people.|All set, the reference number is 6S9GCFDO, can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thank you so much for your help.|Have a great day! Goodbye!
Can you tell me about a hotel called city centre north b and b?|It is located at 328a histon road cb43ht. Their phone number is 01223312843.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse? And do they happen to provide free Internet?|Yes on both of those. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for an Indian restaurant to eat at.|We have 22 great indian restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I would like it to be expensive.|I would recommend taj tandoori. Can I book it for you?
Sure. I'll be going there on Thursday 12:30 with two other people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9WPR3VG2.
Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great night!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Singaporean food. Do you have any suggestions?|I'm sorry, I do not see any Singaporean restaurants in the Centre area. May I help you with something else?
What about a restaurant in the center part of town that serves British food?|There are 7 British eateries to choose from. Would you prefer any particular price range? There are restaurants that provide both moderate and expensive price ranges.
No, can you recommend one?|restaurant one seven is fantastic can I recommend that one to you?
Could you provide me please with their phone number, price range and postcode?|01223337766. cb21ab post code. They are in the moderate range in price.
Okay thank you.  I am also looking for the hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge.|How many nights do you need?
Two nights starting on Thursday please.|And will it be just you staying, or a group?
There will be two people total.|Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge has been booked. Your reference number is K5RD51DN.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Would you like me to help with anything else?
That is all I needed, have a nice day.|Thank you, and have a great day.
I'm looking for museums to visit in town.|the broughton house gallery is a fantastic museum in the centre. Bonus, it's free!
Where exactly is that located?  And is there a fee to enter the gallery? How is the area?  Is there a lot located around it to do? Thank you!|It is in the Centre and it is free to enter. Would you like to know anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with 4 stars and free parking.|There are several 4 star hotels with free parking, are you looking for one in the north as well?
No, I am not.|I think the acorn house will suit you well. Would you like me to book that?
Can you book that for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Thursday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try booking on a different day or for a shorter duration?
Can you try booking it for two nights?|You're all set for 2 nights! Your booking reference number is BFODSBSL. What else can I help you with today?
I think I'll need a taxi from the gallery to the hotel. Can you help with that?|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I will need to leave the gallery by 03:00 please.|Certainly.  What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I need to leave by 3:00, arrival doesn't matter.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Lexus. If you need to reach them, please call 07049424951. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all.  Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse that is cheap to stay in Cambridge in.|alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road is available.  Would you like me to book it.
Does it include free parking and wifi?|Yes, it has free Internet and parking. Would you like to book?
Yes please, I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is M9T2LMXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for an Indian restaurant and is located in the centre.|I have found 9 Indian restaurants in the Centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant in centre.  Would you like me to book a table?
No thanks, I just need the address including post code.|The postcode is cb12as and it is located at 74 Mill Road City Centre
Great, thanks so much for your help. There's nothing more, bye!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!
I'm looking for a cheap hotel.|alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse east of Cambridge center that is cheap, would you like more information?
Does it have a star of 4. I don't care if it has free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast does have a 4 star rating, would you like help to book a room?
Actually, you mentioned its in the east. I really prefer something in the centre of town thats cheap and 4-star rated. It can be a guesthouse or hotel.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I'm travelling with my family, so I need a room for 7 people for 4 nights, arriving Thursday.|Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Perhaps you'd like a different day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have just 2 nights available?|I'm sorry, that time is not available. Can we try a short length of stay or different day?
Are you sure the Alexander is in the centre? You said earlier that it's in the east.|Yes, it's in the centre.
Please double check and make sure the booking is good.|Yes, I was able to book that. The reference number is U0JT0YZ8. DO you need anything else?
That is all for today. Thank you.|No problem. I'm glad I could help.
Hi. I am looking for a hotel that is a guesthouse that has free parking. Can you help me find one?|There are 21 options available. Do you have any other preferences to narrow down the search?
Sure, how about an expensive, four star guest house?|It doesn't look like we have any expensive 4 star guesthouses. There are some which are moderate if you are interested.
Moderate will do. Can you give me more information please?|The Archway House is very nice. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes and can i get the reference number?|What day would you like to check in at the guesthouse?
I would like to check in on saturday. We would need 4 nights for 8 people.|I have booked you at the archway house. The reference number is 61O3SUCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I get the phone number and address for the Cambridge and County Folk Museum?|The phone number for the cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 castle street. Anything else?
No, that will be all.|I have booked you. Thank you. Goodbye.
I need to find lodgings on the north side of town.|We have 13 available lodging areas in the north. Any preferences?
Some place in the north and it does not need to have free parking|There are 2 locations that match your criteria. The Alpha-Milton Guest House with a 3 star rating and the Avalon with a 4 star rating. Do either of these sound good?
Is the Avalon a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Avalon is a guesthouse. Would it interest you? If so, I can help you book a room if you like?
Yes please, I would arrive Tuesday and need to book for 3 people.  It will be a 4 night stay.  Can I get a reference number please?|I have reserved your room at the avalon, reference number 2ASA82VJ. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks.|Thank you, good bye.
I'm looking for a train that will be leaving on Sunday going to Peterborough.|There are 38 trains, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to get there by 21:30.|There are 32 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday departing from cambridge.  The closest arrival time is 21:24, would you like to book a seat?
Yes, for 1 person please, and give me the reference number.|Your trainID TR9733 has been booked to leave at 12:34.  Than you.
I also need a room in Peterborough.|There are many results for hotels and guesthouses, could you be more specific on what price range you are looking for and what part of town?
I would like to stay at the El Shaddai. I would like to book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately I was not able to book the hotel for then.  Would you like to book another day or consider shortening your stay?
Is it possible to book this reservation for 2 nights?|Indeed it is! I just booked you for two nights, ref num: IC0RATQI. Do you need anything else today?
That's all.  Thank you very much.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a place to eat serving british food in the moderate price range?|can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
It needs to be close to my hotel and open late.|I have several listings.  Please provide the part of town you prefer so  I can narrow it down.
In the centre if possible|How about the oak bistro located at 6 lensfield road.  The post code is cb21ab and phone number 01223323361.  Can I book this for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 6 at 16:45 on Wednesday? Could i get a reference number too please?|Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked for you at the Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 9SGIM1SR.  Is there anything else I could help with today?
Yes, I'd like a hotel in the same area.|sure I can help you with that, when are you planning your stay?
Wednesday, for 2 nights.|You have your choice of an expensive or moderate price range in that area, do you have a preference?
i dont mind any price.|I recommend university arms hotel. it is rated 4 stars and is expensive. Their number is 01223351241.
Ok, can you book a room for our group or are you expecting me to call them?|I can book it for you.
I actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. I don't need free parking. I will need the hotel booked for 6 people, 2 nights, on Wednesday, please.|No thank you that will be all for today
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, please?|There are two hotels available; the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both offer internet and parking and are 2 star hotels. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any 3 star hotels available?|There are no matches, would you like to check other locations?
There are no 3 star hotels in the north with a moderate price?|Unfortunately, no. I do happen to have 2 guesthouses though. Both are moderate pricing and 3 stars. Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, please. Can I get a room for 4 people? We'll arrive on Wednesday and stay 5 nights.|Done! You have a reservation at the Alpha-Milton Guest House. Your reference number is 9SA494XR. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for recommending the Guest House. I am also looking for some town nightlife, especially a nightclub.|We have 6 nightclubs in town. Would you prefer to visit the centre or the south?
I have no preference.  Can you suggest one and give me their postcode and phone number?|The soul tree nightclub is quite lively. Their postcode is cb23qf and their phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thank you! That's all for today! Bye bye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. Could you help me find a place to go, like a college?|Certainly. I have many available. Is there a particular area you are looking in? I have several in the west and centre.
Can you give me the entrance fee for one of the colleges in the centre?|Corpus christi is 2 pounds, which is in centre.
I'm also looking for a hotel in the centre. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse. It needs to be a hotel.|I can book you at the university arms hotel. It has a 4 star rating, free parking and wifi. Does this interest you?
Yes. That would be great.|What will be the first day you will stay and how long will you be staying?
I want to stay for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry but you'll have to book another day or a shorter stay. When would you like to stay?
Can you see if they have just 1 night available?|Your booking was successful with a reference number of S1HTVV32. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need a taxi please between the 2 places.  I want to leave the attraction by 2:30.|Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey BMW, their contact number is 07130839627. Is there anything else I can help with?
Awesome, thanks! I think that takes care of everything I needed.|Okay great please enjoy your stay and don't hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
I need to find a place to dine in the expensive price range that serves indian food.|Hi, I have several Indian places , what side of town?
I think I'd like to eat on the west side.|I have five different places that meet this criteria. How does the Tandoori palace sound?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 7?|I'd be happy to reserve your table. What day will you be dining there, and how many in your party?
This will be for 7 people at 19:15 on friday|I am sorry, but that time slot is not available. Is there another time you would like to reserve?
Yes, how about 18:15 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is B4JDF0YQ. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a guesthouse. I want something 2-star that has free parking and free wifi.|Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
Not really. I just need a 2 star guesthouse or 4 star hotel.|I don't have any guesthouses that are 2 star. I have 3 hotels that are 4 stars. The Huntingdon Marriott, Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Which do you prefer?
How about a guesthouse with a star of 4?|Okay, we have the allenbell that fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, I'd like it for the same number of people for 4 nights on the same day.|You're all set! I have seven people booked for four nights, starting friday. Your reference number is DPJODS84. Anything else I can help with?
Awesome! Thanks. That's all I needed. Have a good one. Bye.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I'm all set. Have a great day.|The address is 517a coldham lane.
Okay great, that's everything else I needed. Goodnight!|Well, thank you for your call! You have a great day!
I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.|There are 12 places to stay in the north with free internet. Do you have a price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|all i have is guesthouses when were you planning your stay?
That's perfect, I was looking for a guesthouse. I'm still planning. Could you just give me the postcode for now?|acorn guest house with zip code cb41da will be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guest house and of moderate price.
Do they have free parking?|I will check to see if the acorn has free parking now.
What type of attractions are in the centre?|I found 44 things. what about all saints church?
That sounds cool! Can I get their address, postcode, and entrance fee?|The address is jesus lane, the post code is cb58bs, and it's  free to enter. Is there anything else?
I'd also like to find a guesthouse to stay in.|Most of the accommodations in Cambridge are guesthouses, so I'm sure we can find something for you. Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
Well I would like a 4-star place with free wifi, if possible.|I have found 18 guesthouses that would work. Perhaps we can narrow this down. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Can we make that a hotel instead?|There are 2 hotels in the west and one in the centre. the one in the centre is cheap and the other two are expensive.
Okay, thanks! Are they both 4-star?|They are all 4 star. Do you have a price preference?
I'm sorry, I haven't been clear. I am looking for a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is there a  4-star guesthouse with free wifi?|I have many options. what area would you like to be in ?
It doesn't matter what area.  I'll need free wifi.  I need to book for 5 people for 2 nights starting Monday.  I'll need the reference number please.|How about price. Is there a certain range you want to stay in?
Not really. What's your recommendation?|I have the Allenbell, East area, cheap price and a guesthouse. Shall I book that?
Yes go ahead and book it for 5 people and two nights starting this Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BD7V5LON.
that is all for now thatk you.|you are welcome
thank you again|enjoy your stay
I really have to go now. I'm going to be late for work. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|thanks for using our services
I want to find a place to stay in the north with free parking.|I have several hotels in the north that offer free parking. Do you have a preferred price range so that I can narrow it down for you a bit?
Yes, I would prefer a moderate price range.|The Acorn Guest House appears to meet your Criteria.   Would you like more details on this hotel?
That sounds great, could you make the reservations for me there then? I will be there Sunday with 3 people and we will stay for 2 nights.|I am sorry the acorn doesn't have a room available then, how about another hotel?
No,lets try ext weekend,see if you can book it for then ?|I'm sorry. There is still no availibility. Would you like to try a different hotel then?
Yes, same price range.|Hamilton Lodge has the same amenities and is right next door. Would you like me to book that property for you?
Yes, please.|Booked! Reference number: 2BA346MA.
Okay great. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|No problem. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
I'm looking for a hotel called kirkwood house|Good day! The kirkwood house is a guesthouse type hotel in the northern area located at 172 Chesterton Road and can be reached at the telephone number 01223306283.
Lovely, I would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday please.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is : HOGURFVC.  Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I am looking for an expensive Portuguese restaurant.|I'm so sorry but the only expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge are in the south or the north. Can I interest you in one of those?
No, I would like it to be in the centre. Are there any Indian Restaurants?|There are nine Indian restaurants located in the centre. Do you prefer the cheap or expensive price range?
I'd still prefer to keep it in the expensive price range if possible|The Curry Garden is an restaurant that serves Indian food and is expensive.  Do you need more information?
No. I am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 16:00. Three people on Wednesday.|I just need to verify you want reservations for Curry Garden on Wednesday at 16:00 for 3. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct, I also need a reference number.|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: 5I58PIAF.
I need a ride to and from too please. I'll need the car type and contact number too please.|I have you booked, it is a red skoda, and their contact number is 07654958817 any other questions?
Thanks for all of your help, you've been great!|It's my pleasure! Have a wonderful time!
I need a hotel, in the south.|I have one hotel that is expensive and in the south. May I book it for you?
Does this hotel include free parking?|Yes, all of the hotels that satisfy your constraints have free parking slots.
Ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday please.|I'm sorry, there was misunderstanding. There is only one hotel and it's unfortunately full. However, I can try to book you a room in guesthouse?
That's a pity. Ok, but I want it to be expensive alright?|I'm sorry to inform you but there are only guesthouses only in moderate and cheap price range.
Unlucky day for me. Alright, let's go with moderate one.|I'm happy to inform you that you have a booked apartment at aylesbray lodge. Your reference number is SUJVD6R6.
Finally some good news. Great, thanks for help, bye!|I'm there to help you. Enjoy your stay!
Can you give me some information on the Worth House?|That is a nice guesthouse located on Warkworth Terrace on the East side of town.  Can I tell you something in particular?
i want to book the hotel for two people and five nights starting from monday|I have booked Warkworth House starting Monday for 5 days for 2 people. Reference #XLIO11MV.
Thanks so much for the help.|You are welcome, have a good trip.
Great, thanks.  Can you also recommend something fun to do in the south part of town?|Sure, is there a particular type of activity you are interested in.  A museum or nightclub perhaps?
I'd like to take a stroll at a park.|You're in luck; there are two beautiful parks in the south and both have free admission. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway or wandlebury country park.
can i get the phone number for wandlebury country park?|Sure, the phone number is 01223243830.
Also what car type is it?|I'm sorry, I don't understand your question.  Do you need to book a taxi?
Sorry to confuse. Yes, can I book a taxi from Wandlebury Country Park to Warkworth House. I want to leave by 11:30.|Your taxi is booked, a grey tesla. Your contact number is 07097592462. May I help with something else?
No thank you have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the north.|I have two hotels meeting your criteria.  Ashely Hotel located at 74 Chesterton road and Lovell Lodge located at 365 Milton road.
I would like to book at 74 Chesterton Road.|Great, how many people will be staying? Also, how many days you will be staying?
Wait, before we do that I should probably check on the prices. What sort of room rates am I looking at?|It appears to be in the moderate price range.  Would that work for you?
Yes that would work|Okay great, so how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
There will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from Monday.|I was able to book your stay at ashley motel. Your reference number is KJHYRDCA. Is there anything else today?
Okay thank you for everything.|Thank you, enjoy your stay.
I'm hoping you can help me find a guesthouse. Parking is optional.|a and b guest house is a nice one. Do you want to book ?
Does it have a 3 star rating?  I'm also needing free wifi on this trip.  Thanks for helping me.|It has a 4 star rating and does provide internet. Would you like a reservation?
does it have free parking ?|Parking is not included but internet is, do you want to book or search for something else?
I need a hotel that has free parking|which type hotel do you want?
Any type that you have available.|In that case I would recommend the Bridge Guest House, it has a 3 star rating and offers both free WiFi and free parking. Would you like to book it?
Can I have the price range and phone number?|The price range is moderate and the phone number is 01223247942.
Also I need to find an expensive chinese restaurant book the table for 3 at 16:45 on tuesday|Is there a particular part of town you would like to go to?
I need that in the north please.|I have 2 chinese restaurants in the north, the hakka and the hotpot, both expensive. Phone number is 0122568988 and 01223366552 respectively. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes could you please make those reservations?|How many people are in your party?
There are 3 people in the group.|What day and time would you like the booking for?
It will be for 16:45 on tuesday.|Your booking for Hakka was completed successfully, reference number PM03Z53S. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi.|Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination? Also, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go between the hotel and the restaurant. Arriving by the booked time, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07990098942
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, same to you.|Thank you, it has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I'm in the mood for some modern eclectic food so please find me a cheap restaurant that sells some|I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find any of those.
How about Indian, instead?|There are four cheap Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What area of town were you interested in?
I want one on the west side of town. If there's not one there then the centre of town will be fine.|we don't have any on the westside, but three in the city centre. Might I suggest the Kohinoor?
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for 12:00 on Saturday? Just me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VSJ2W6N3. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like it to be in?
The area doesn't matter.|Well do you have a price preference?
I would prefer a guesthouse and free wifi and parking.|Do you have a price range or star rating in mind?
I don't care,  book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Your booking number is GC8V34OD for the Acorn guest house at 154 chesterton road for 1 person on Saturday for 2 days is set.
Thank you, that is all that I need.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!
I'm looking for some information on a restaurant called the varsity restaurant.|I can look that up for you! The Varsity Restaurant is located in Centre and is a moderate priced place.  Do you need more information?
Nope, that is all the information I needed!|Please don't hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance?
Yes I need a place to stay that includes free parking and is located on the east side of town.|There are 6 that meet your requests, do you have a price range?
Yes, are there any 4-star places that are cheap?|How about the Autumn house?
Great, can you book it for just me for 3 nights?  I'll need it from Thursday.|Yes I will book it for you
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.|On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.|I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?|Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay on the south.|Okay! There are three. What price range would you like? I can book you at a moderately-priced or cheap guesthouse.
Is there a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking?|No, all three have parking and internet.
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from wednesday|Okay, I have you booked at the Bridge Guest House.  Your reservation number is KMYQSG7Z.  Can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Have a nice day.
I'd like some help finding a train leaving peterborough on tuesday.|Absolutely, do you want to leave or arrive by a certain time?
Leave after 10:15, please.|Unfortunately, there are no trains that leave after 10:15.
Okay what are the available train times?|i have booked you one leaving at 10.19.
OK, is it going to Cambridge?  Can I have the reference number please?|there seems to be a break down in communication. Please restate the departure and arrival locations and the day and time.
I need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday, leaving after 10:15.|I have train TR1674 leaving at 10:48 and arriving at 11:38. Would you like to book tickets?
I need to book for one person, I will need the reference number. Also, I need to book a hotel called Caroline Bed and Breakfast, I need the address.|Okay. Your train booking was successful. You'll owe 16.5 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is X58GNQ74.
Can you look up a hotel called Carolina bed and breakfast?|I have it right here
Well, thats great.  That means you should be able to give me the address|The address is 138 perne road. Would you like to book a room?
No, I just need the address. Thank you.|it is 138 perne road.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, have a wonderful day. Let us know if we can help in any way.
I need a hotel with free wifi.|What part of town are you planning to stay in?
Doesn't matter.  I also need free parking.|There are eight results. Is there a certain price range you'd like?
Could you find me one with a star rating of 3?|Sure, there is one in the centre area and one in the south.  Do you have a preference?
No area does not matter please recommend one.|I have the gonville and the lensfield hotels. When would you like the room?
Yes can you please and send me the info?|gonville hotel	hotel	centre	expensive	3	yes	yes	01223366611	cb11ly	gonville place	
the lensfield hotel	hotel	south	expensive	3	yes	yes	01223355017	cb21en	53-57 lensfield road
It seems we are on different pages here. Ok, just please book a room for at the Gonville Hotel, 1 person, 4 nights, starting Friday.|Okay no problem. I have booked you at the gonville hotel for 4 nights starting friday. The reference number is 7KJDALDO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town.|Ali Baba is a moderately priced labanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
I can't wait. Please book a table for 1 at 13:00 on Friday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JVL68LSJ. Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you.|Have a great day. Good day.
Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?|Yes, I can certainly help you with that. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in? And do you have a price range in mind?
I want to stay in Cambridge and I need a cheap hotel.|I have about 10 options of cheaper rooms. Most are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
I prefer a hotel.  Preferably one with free parking.|Is there a particular side of town you prefer?
I would like to be in the center.|The hotel is located in the west. Would you like a guesthouse instead?
After rethinking some things, I actually would like an expensive hotel in the centre.  I'd still like free parking as well.  Are any available?|I have two. Would you prefer 3 or four stars?
I need a train going to Cambridge that'll leave after 12:15.|what day of the week do you want to travel
Trusday, I need to leave by the london liverpool street station.|The TR3257 leaves at 13:39 for 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes.  Also, what will be the arrival time?  And, what is the train ID?  Thanks so much!|The train is number TR3257. It arrives in cambridge at 15:07. How many tickets would you like?
i am, Also  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should be in the moderate price range|We have 11 places to stay in the north. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel? And do you need internet or parking?
I'd prefer a guesthouse. A 4 star one, if possible.|There are 7 guesthouses available in the north that are moderately prices and four stars. Would you like to book one of these rooms?
Do any have both free parking and internet? If so, I'll need their phone number.|The limehouse meets your needs including internet and wifi, shall I book you or provide more info?
Can I have their phone number, please?|Sure, it is 01223300552
No, that is all I need. Thank you!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thanks, that will be all.|It was a pleasure to help today. Have a good afternoon. Bye.
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.|On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.|I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?|Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|What area are you looking to stay in?
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with a star of 0 and it needs free wifi.|There are 3 hotels that meet that criteria. Would city centre north b and b work for you?
Yes. Does it have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is that a guesthouse in the north? If so, I need to book it for 5 people 3 nights starting Tuesday, and I'll need a reference number.|There is one guesthouse called City Centre North B and B, your reservation is all booked, your reference number is 7QYC93WT.
Thank you. I would also like to check the train schedule for Friday.|Sure.  Where will you be departing from and arriving at?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge and going to Norwich on Friday.|Trains from Cambridge to Norwich leave 36 minutes after the hour, every hour. The duration is 79 minutes, and the price is 17.6GBP. Would you like to book a ticket?
Can I get the train ID for the one you mentioned please?|I'm apologize but before I can provide a train number I need to know what time you would like to depart.
Any time after 20:45 is just fine with me. I'll just need the train ID - no booking today.|TR0625 departs friday from cambridge at 21:36. Do you need any other information?
Could you tell me the price of the train please?|Yes, the cost is 17.60 pounds. Do you want to book it?
Could you please tell me the travel time for that?|Of course, the travel time is roughly 79 minutes.
Ok, that's good. I would like to book that train please|OK, how many tickets do you need?
I don't need a ticket. I just needed to know. That'll be everything!|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?|I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
No.  But I would like a cheap guesthouse.|Would you like to try Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, can you book it please?|I would be happy to! Which day, how many people, and how many days?
I would like to check in on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.  I need to book a room for 6 people.|I've booked it!  You'll be at alexander b&b starting Thursday for 6 people for 3 nights.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for that booking?|Your reference number is 4NG5RGOI. Do you need anything else?
Yes please, can you help me me find an Italian restaurant in the west that is cheap?|La Margherita fits those specifications.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table for 6 on Thursday. We'd like it at 14:15, please|I was able to book that for you. Here is your reference number 5JJ8331T.
Great. I also will need a taxi.|Where would you like to be picked up and drop off?
I will need picked up from the hotel and go to the restaurant.|You are all booked with a taxi.
Thank you may I have the contact number and car type please.|Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07350632245
That'll aboutdo it, thanks a bunch.|You are welcome, have a great night.
I want to know if there are any places serving Belgian food in the centre?|There are not. Would you like to look in another part of town, or for a different cuisine?
Let's try a place serving indian food.|We have many Indian restaurants. I recommend Saffron Brasserie, but it's expensive.
That works for me. Can you reserve a table for 3 people on Sunday at 4 PM?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : O3J11WKJ.
Thank you for taking care of the restaurant. I now need help with a specific hotel called autumn house.|That is on the east side and is 4 stars. When are you wanting this booked for?
Please book that for the same day and same group of people for 4 nights|Your reservation for 3 people at the Autumn House for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your eference number is : 0C45ZUDN. Can i assist you any further?
I'd like to book a taxi also, to commute between those two locations, please.|How many people will be in the taxi?
It will be for 3 people as well.|a red lexus will pick you ap at 3:30 the contact number is 07739253298, is there anything else today?
Nope that's all I needed tonight.|Good bye and enjoy !
I need a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge.|Where are you coming from?
leaving birmingham new st going back to cambridge I would let to get there by 11:30 if possible|TR4987 gets there 10:08 and will cost 23.60 pounds. can i book it?
Yes, can you book it for 2 people and could I get the reference number?|I actually booked you on TR0254, arriving in Cambridge at 08:23.  Reference number is : OEV193OS. 150.19 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much.  I also need a place to stay while in Cambridge.  Could you help me find a room please?|I can help you with that. Is there a certain price range you are looking to stay in?
no, but could it have a 4 star rating?|We have lots of those!  Any features that you prefer?
any that has free wifi|You have 21 options to choose from. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
Whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 4 night starting tuesday.|I booked a and b guest house, reference number is : K0FKUFNP.
Thanks! That's all I need for now!|i am glad to be of service to you. i wish a nice trip and wonderful stay at Cambridge. Goodbye
I need a hotel room.  Are there any left?|I can check for you.  What type of hotel are you looking for?
A place in the west with free parking and free wifi please.|I have 4 hotels pulling up. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Not really. I would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 3 nights staring from Wednesday.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
yes please, I need the reference number|Your booking was successful. Huntington Marriott Hotel, 3 days for 5 people. Your reference number is:  DF32QQ7O. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can yo find an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range?|I have 4. from which area do you prefer.
I would like it in the same area as my hotel.|how about meghna? it is lovely
Sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on wednesday at 13:45?|Your table is booked. Reference number is 2H4EMZYM. They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, Goodbye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
Hi.  I'm looking for a relatively expensive international restaurant to dine at this evening.  Is there one that you would recommend?|I could not find any expensive international places to eat. Do you have any other preference?
Are there any expensive international food places in the west area?|Nothing in the west,another area?
How about one that serves Indian food instead?|There are 5 that match you criteria. Tandoori palace is a great place, shall I book a table for you?
Could I get address and postcode|sorry i am not able to find it
what do you mean? you're the one who recommended it.|Tandoori Place, 68 Histon Road, Chesterton. Post code cb43le. Is there anything else?
Well.  I also need the hotel called Bridge Guest House.|sure, i have their info. what would you like to know?
I would like to know if you can book me a room for 5 nights starting Friday. I also need the reservation #|I have booked a room for you for five nights at the Bridge Guest House, beginning on Friday. Your reference number is R175R6S0. May I assist you with anything else?
I need the Bridge Guest House for 3 people. I forgot to include that.|I switched the booking to 3 people, and the new reference number is FW6X5F78.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for a place to stay.  Preferably a guesthouse with free parking included.|We have 21 entries that match your search. Do you have any other preferences?
I would like the hotel to be expensive.|We don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try a hotel or a guesthouse in a different price range?
How about a cheap one?|The alexander bed and breakfast is available and in the cheap price range.
OK, book that for 4 people. We'll arrive monday and stay 4 nights. And can I have the reference number?|Great! I was able to book that for 4 people and your reference number is F6FSFJ75. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a Russian restaurant in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no Russian restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Is there a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre?|Yes, I have found three restaurants matching your inquest.
I would like the one closest to the alexander bed and breakfast please.|How about the gardenia?
Can you provide me with the price range for the Gardenia as well as the postcode?|The Gardenia is priced cheaply and its psot code is cb23ll.
Thank you for the information|Is there anything else I could assist you with? Would you like help making a reservation?
No that will be everything I needed for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hi, I'll be traveling to Cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves Indian food.|There are 22 results for Indian restaurants, do you have a particular price range in mind, or area you'd like to dine in?
How about a cheap indian restaurant located in the north please.|Sure, I'd recommend the Royal Spice restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes that sounds great. There will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 15:15 on Saturday, please.|We were able to book that table for you!  Would you like your reference number?
Yes, I do need that number, please.|Sure thing! It is P4ZW4FGI.
Great I also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the north part of town|There are 8 guesthouses with your preferences. Will you be needing internet or parking?
yes both. reference number please?|I can try to get you a booking at Archway House. What day will you be checking in, how many will be staying, and for how many nights?
There will be 4 people checking in and staying two nights starting from the same day. I will also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant ontime and the hotel.|Let's get your hotel booked and then we will do the taxi. I have you booked at Archway House on Saturday. Reference number is C1419C84.
Ok great, can we get a taxi booked now?  I need it to get me to the restaurant by the time we booked.|Where would you like to taxi to pick you up from?
Royal spice, please|Great! I have a red honda picking you up. Your contact number is 07485551349. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I think that will be all for now, thanks. Bye.|I'm glad help and hope you have a pleasant trip.
Please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.|Okay. What day would you like to travel?
I will be traveling on thursday.|I have 19 trains going from Cambridge to Leicester on Thursday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would love to leave after 12:15 please.|There are no trains that leave after 12:15.
Okay, do you have any other suggestions?|I believe that the TR0822 leaving 12:15 would be great for you. Should I make a booking for you?
I also need a place to stay in the north area.|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
It don't matter as long as it is cheap. I need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday|I was able to book you a room for 2 at city centre north b and b, the reference number is 57F4S22N. Do you need any more assistance?
No, that's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the assistance!|Okay great! Glad I could help.
Can you help me find a hotel called Limehouse? Thanks.|Limehouse phone number is 01223300552. Would like you to make a reservation?
Yes book for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IV8NUJOU. anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.|Thanks for letting me assist you.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.|We have 23 guesthouses offering free WiFi. Do you have other preferences, as well?
Something in the east, please.|A and B guest house is available.
That sounds like it will work. Do they have a star rating? If so, can I get the postcode.|A and B Guest House has a four-star rating, and their postcode is cb12dp.  Would you like me to book that for you?  I should mention there's no parking.
No that's okay, I just wanted to learn about it. Thanks!|You are welcome. Do you need additional information about restaurants or attractions?
No, not at this time. Thanks for your help.|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves italian. I would like it to be in the south.|There are two italian places. Pizza Hut and Frankie and Bennys. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
Maybe.  I need a place that serves expensive food.  Does either place fit the bill?|Yes, Frankie and Benny's is expensive.
I would like to book a table for 6 people at 19:00 on Monday. I need the reference number for the booking as well.|I have your booking for 6 people on Monday at 19:00, your reference number is 554BXNRB.  Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a hotel with free parking.|i have many options for you! any particular part of town?
Yes, I would like it to be in the same area as the restaurant please.|I would suggest the allenbell.
Okay. do they have free parking? if so are they in the same area as frankie and benny's?|unfortunately they are in different areas. let me find something that will work. i have the lensfield hotel. it is expensive in the south and offers free parking and wifi.
Thank you. You just answered all my questions. Have a good day. Goodbye.|If you decide to make reservations, we will be glad to help you.
I want to go to a restaurant in the centre that serves gastropub food|There are three gastropubs in Centre, are you particular about the price range or would you like a recommendation?
I need it in the moderate price range please.|I think you'd enjoy The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar located at the Corn Exchange Street.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, could you book The Cow Pizza Kitchen for 8 people on Friday at 17:30?|I have a reservation for 8 people on friday at 17:30, your reference number is ZKOGBRMR.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 0 stars and free wifi, hopefully in the same area as the restaurant?|The El Shaddai is in the centre part of town, has free wifi and 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect, I'll need it for 2 nights on the same day please.|Sure, how many people should I book for?
I need the reservation to accommodate 8 people please|Booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZKOGBRMR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Yes, I'm only looking for information right now.  Can you help me with a train?|Of course. Where are you traveling from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross and want to arrive in Cambridge.|There are lots of choices for those locations. What day and time will you be traveling?
Wednesday after 13:15 would be great.|I have 6 trains leaving between 13:17 and 23:17.  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
I don't need to book. I just need the train ID, travel time and arrival time for the 13:17 train.|Those would be TR0922, 51 minutes, and 14:08. How else may I help you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay that is moderately priced, in the east, and with internet included|There are three 4 star guesthouses in the east part of town.  They are all moderately priced. Can i book one for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.|No problem. I have booked your reservation at A & B Guesthouse. The reference number is 8WQV1V9H. Can I help you with anything else?
That'a all I need for today.  Thanks!|Have a safe trip.
Hi there.  I'm looking for a particular hotel called the A and B Guest House.|I have the places info here, what may I help you with?
I need to book the hotel for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday.|Okay, you've been booked! Your reference number is GPU1Z9PM.
OK, thank you! I am also looking for a train for monday that leaves after 10:15, could you help me with that?|Yes, there are a lot of options. Do you know what station you'd like to travel in to or out of?
From Cambridge to Kings Lynn please.|TR3566 is the first train leaving cambridge to kings lynn on monday. it departs at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58. How amny tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.|That would be 19.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 7XTP6M2A. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you. That will be everything I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a place to stay with free wifi but I don't need free parking, thank you.|I am showing 2 guesthouse and 1 hotel. All are moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Do you have any in the cheap price range?|9 of the 10 results returned are guesthouses. What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter as long as it's on the moderate range.|Do you have a preference for location? I'm showing guesthouses everywhere but the city centre.
I just need to find one that has room for 3 people to stay 3 nights starting from Saturday.|the avalon is available,, would you like to book now?
Yes, let's go ahead and book with the Avalon.|Ok.  The booking was successful and your reference number is C35XS6YE.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat in the centre area and that serves indonesian food.|I'm afraid that I didn't find any restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine, or a different part of town?
are there any indonesian restaurants elsewhere?|There are none in town. Shall I try another type of food?
how about lebanese instead?|There's actually a great Lebanese restaurant in that area, Ali Baba. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, book the table for two. Also, make it a late dinner?|Okay, I will book the table for two at a moderate restaurant.
i need info about cityroomz|Cityroomz is a moderate priced hotel located at sleeperz hotel, station road	in the centre. Free internet.
Thank you. Is it considered a hotel or guesthouse?|cityroomz is a hotel, the address is sleeperz hotel, station road
Thanks. I also need information for Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway. What can you tell me about it?|It is a beautiful park in the south part of town, on Fen Causeway, Newnham Road.  Admission is free.
Thanks so much, you've been really helpful. Have a great day. Bye!|You are so welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?|I have found 11 different guesthouses in the north. Were there any certain requirements you have in searching for a particular guesthouse?
Yes I would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.|There are 9 options that would suit those criteria, do you have any other things you need for your stay or would you like a recommendation?
Please provide a recommendation.|Well I can recommend the Acorn Guest House that is also rated 4 stars.
I think that would be great.  May I please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from Friday for 1 person?|The booking was successful for 2 nights at the Acorn Guest House for one person. Your Reference number is L55JCSVU. Do you need anything else?
Can you also look up the sitar tandoori restaurant?|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for the same group of people at 17:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is 6ZPBNFD5.
Great. You are so helpful. One more thing, I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time|I can help with that. Where would you be departing from?
I meant to say I need to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Can I have the contact number and car type?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07853122848
Can I help you with anythign else?
Great! Thank you so much!|I hope you have a very pleasant stay in our town!
I wanted to travel to kings lynn. Do you have a train leaving on monday?|there are 19 trains available. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:00 if possible please.|TR1854 Arrives at 10:58. TR1163 arrives at 09:58.
That would work can I get 7 tickets please?|Sure! Just to clarify, would you prefer the TR1854 train or the TR1163 train?
any will be fine with me.|TR1163, your booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GFGRNXJT. Will there be anything else today?
I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.|To help narrow it down, do you have an area or price range you prefer?
It should be in the moderate price range. Does that help?|In that case I recommend the acorn guest house. They have 4 stars and are in the north side of town with parking and internet for you
That sounds great!  Can you please book it for me starting on Thursday?  I will need the reference number please.|The Reference number is : 0Q276EHV.
Can you find me a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?|I found 5 guesthouses for you. What part of the towns do you prefer to stay?
Any area would be fine. But do any of the guesthouses have a 3 star rating?|Yes.  Does it matter what part of town?  There is one on the south, one on the north, and one on the west.
The area doesn't matter, I just need to make sure I have a place to stay for 4 nights starting Saturday.|All right, I can make a reservation at the Bridge Guest House if you tell me how many people are in your group.
3 people.|I do not have that hotel at that time, should I try for a shorter stay?
How about just 1 night?|Okay, you are booked at the bridge guest house for 1 night (Saturday). Your reference number is NVYYU4ML. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks so much, I can't wait.  Bye.|Don't mention it. I hope you guys have a blast.
I need some help choosing a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross.|The next train leaves Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday at 05:00. What day do you want to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday sometime after 16:30.|I have a train leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51 would you like to book this?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : IGMRVY4Y
That's lovely. We also require lodging. Could you help find a guesthouse with free parking?|There are 21 guesthouses that include parking. Is there a price range or area you would like to stay?
It doesn't matter, we will also need wifi, and will be staying for 2 nights, starting on Monday.|I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast then.
That sounds great.  Can you go ahead and book it for me?|Alright I booked it. Reference number is I5AR5Q3J
Thanks so much! I'm all finished now, goodbye!|Your welcome! Please have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves modern european food.|There are a total of 4 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern european food. Is there a particular price range you would like?
Not really, but I have 8 people with me.|How about the De Luca Cucina and Bar? They're in the centre with a moderate price range.
That sounds perfect! Could you book me a table for friday at 18:00 for 8 people. Could you include the reference number also?|I have booked your table. Your reference is ZNVPVZD5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a hotel, I am on a budget so if you could find a cheap one that would be great.|There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel that is cheap. Do you have any other criteria such as area?
Not really, I don't need free parking or anything. What is available?|I would recommend the Allenbell. Would you care to book a room there?
Yes, for 2 nights for 8 people starting on Friday.|I have booked you and your party for the Allenbell. Your reference number is TZ42QW4H. May I assist you with anything else?
That should be everything. Thank you for all of the assistance!|You are welcome, goodbye.
I want to find a hotel in the moderate price range. I don't need free parking.|There are several hotels in that price range. Do you have a particular area of town you are interested in staying in?
Yes I need it to be in the north.|I have two hotels. One located at 63 Milton Road and 62 Gilbert Road? Which one would you like for me to book you for?
Are either of them 4 star hotels? Because that's what I need.|The Avalon guesthouse has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from saturday?|I am sorry that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?|The Alpha-milton guest house is 3 stars.  It doesn't have internet or parking.  Is that okay? I could try another area, too.
That's fine can you try booking that for me?|That booking was successful. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. That's everything I need.|Glad I could be of help.
Yes thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't need to have free parking.|I have three hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a specific part of town?
No, but price is important- anything moderately priced on your list?|I have a cheap 4 star in west, and two expensive ones - one in west and one centre. Which one are you interested in?
I'd like a hotel that is in the moderate price range.  Could you recommend that for me?|I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels in the moderate price range that are 4 stars. If you're interested in a guesthouse, though, we do have options for you.
What are those options?|You could try the allenbell.
All right, let's try that. May I get a reservation for Friday and Saturday night, 8 people each night?|Thank you for waiting.  Your reservation has been made.  Your reference number is G9EWB5NN.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train on Sunday from Cambridge to Peterborough leaving after 14:15.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 14:15 please.|Okay the TR3577 leaves at 14:34.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I need! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a certain hotel, can you help me find it?|Yes I can help.  What is the name of the hotel?
It is called finches bed and breakfast.|I found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Friday. If Friday is not available please check Tuesday.|I have a booking for 4 nights, starting on friday for 5 people.
Thank you. Could I have the reference number for my records, please?|The reference number is ELAA65RK. Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre please.|sorry I am not showing any entertainment in that area something else perhaps?
I will go with a college instead, can you recommend one and give me the postcode?|The best college to visit is Downing College, in postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I help you with anything else?|I am good, thank you!
Good bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should include free parking.|Do you have any other constraints, such as location or price range?
The location and price range don't matter to me. I want a guesthouse with 4 stars.|We still have a lot of great options to choose from. Can I recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre of town?
Sure, that sounds fine, as long as you're sure it has free parking.|It does offer free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
book for 1 people for 5 nights starting Thursday and get me the reference number please|Alexander bed and Breakfast  - 56 saint barnabas road  cb12de phone - 01223525725
And the reference number ?|I'm sorry about that.  Your reference number is 4PSP6FIB.
Thank you. I'd also like to find a cinema in the west side of town. Do you know of any in that area?|I'm sorry but there aren't any cinemas in the west.  Would you like to try another location.
Let's try for a museum in the west instead|The west is home to 7 museums. Entrance fees are either free or 3.50 pounds. I personally recommend kettle's yard.
That works, can you please provide the address for me?|Kettles Yard is located on Castle Street.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I would like a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.|Okay, I need to know when you would like to leave the hotel and when you'd like to arrive at the museum please.
I'd like to leave the hotel by 10:30.|Your vehicle is a black volvo and they cbr at 	07186950865 any other questions?
No that's all I need. Have a good night.|Thank you for using our service.
I need a zero star hotel in Cambridge with wifi.|There is one hotel with your criteria. cityroomz in the centre. It is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I actually need it in the north part of town.|I have no hotels that match what you want in the north area
I guess the Cityroomz in the centre would be fine then.  Does it include free wifi?|Yes, it includes wifi
Can we book it for 8 people starting saturday?|How many days will you be staying?
I'll be there for 5 nights.|Booking was sucessful! Your reference number is U87HN6I5.
I'm also looking for an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the same area.|I have the Da Vinci Pizzeria. It's a cheap restaurant in the north. Would you like me to help you reserve a table?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at 14:30.|You're all set for saturday at da vinci pizzeria at 14:30 for 8 people.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there a reference number for the Pizzeria reservation?|yes your reference number is 98842, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks and bye!|Well, you're welcome!  And you have a great day!
Hi there! I need some information on the Hamilton Lodge, please.|The Hamilton Lodge is at 156 chesterton road cb41da. Their phone number is 01223365664.
Ok thats the one.  Can I reserve a room for 8 people starting Saturday?  We will be there 4 nights.|Yes, I have booked a room for you. Your reference number is DCI7OE9W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something expensive in the west.|Would you be interested in Indian Food?  Cocum is a great restaurant I'd recommend.
Sounds great, no need to book yet, I have to check with the real boss, my wife.  Can I get the postcode and address for now?|The postcode is cb30ah; and the address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. May I help with something else?
No. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
i need a place to stay|Ok, and what part of the city would you like to stay in?
Downtown. In a guest house maybe.|I'm sorry, can you be more specific? Our city is divided into North, West, East, South and Centre.
I don't have a certain area in mind. But, I would like it to have 4 stars and that it is a guesthouse and not a hotel.|great, i have 18 options for you!
Okay, thank you! Will you please book it for 5 people for 4 nights, starting Tuesday?|Do you have a price range? The prices range from cheap to expensive.
Yes expensive and also looking for places to go nearby|The only 4 star guest house I found in the centre of town is a cheap one- the alexander bed and breakfast. Shall I book that for you?
Yes.  Book for 5 people, 4 nights and starting on Tuesday.|Ok, the booking was successful. Reference number is : NMT6HX2V. Can I help with anything else?
i need to book a car|Alright, shall I call a taxi or a bus for you?
a taxi that should leave by 05:30|what will be your destination?
Wait, I need to find a museum in the centre first, then i can get a taxi. I'm very sorry, I got a little ahead of myself.|There are 11 museums in the center. I recommend the whipple museum of the history of science for hours of fun. Do you need more information?
Yes, can I please have the phone number for the Whipple Museum of History?|The phone number to the whipple museum of the history of science is 01223330906. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
Okay, let's book the taxi now.  I need to get between the two places.|OKay. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
I want to leave the whipple museum of the history of science at 05:30 to go to the alexander bed and breakfast, please.|Just to clarify.  You need to be picked up at the Whipple Museum of History at 05:30. Your drop off point is the alexander bed and breakfast. Correct?
Yes that's correct. Can I also have the phone number and type of car that will be picking me up.|Yes, you will be picked up in a black honda and their contact number is 07420056662. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Thanks for everything! Bye!|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip and have a great day. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train departing on saturday from cambridge.|Escaping for the weekend, huh? Where are you headed?
Getting out of cambridge for awhile going to stansted airport and would like to leave anytime after 12:30 please|TR8476 will cost you 8.08 pounds. can i book it for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 3 people. Once booked can I please have the reference number?|Alright got your tickets booked, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: O14QEE79. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, we're also looking for a hotel to stay at when we're in town.|I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
I definitely want a 4-star hotel, not a guesthouse. I don't care about parking, but I do need free wifi.|how about huntingdon hotel in the west?
That sounds great. Can you give me some information about it?|Absolutely. It's an expensive 4 star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking. The hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Can I book it for you?
Can you book it for me. From Thursday, for 2 nights and 3 people.|Absolutely! Your stay has been booked, and the reference number is 97Z4GAQ7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|I'm glad we were able to help you.  Goodbye!
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town|I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.|There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks|i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?|No but would you like to try another location ?
No I need the north. Is there anything else available in the north?|there are a variety of good things in the north it depends on what you want i will find whatever you request
Yes I'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 5 star rating.|I'm sorry I can't located anything with that criteria.
Can you try it in a different area please?|I apologize but I don't recall you mentioning an area you preferred. Can you tell me what area and I will search again for you?
I don't have a preference, but I guess we could stay in a four star hotel with free parking if we absolutely had to.|We have plenty of those! Surprisingly, the 4-star places we have range in price from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I'm actually looking for a 5 star place. Any available?|No, I can't find anything with 5 stars, do you want to try something else?
Sure, let's try a 4 star hotel.|acorn guest house	is found in the  north 154 chesterton road
I would actually like a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.|How about the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town? Does that sound nice? I can book you a room if you'd like.
Is the University Arms a 4 star hotel?|Correct, it is a 4-star hotel in the centre area. Would you like to book it?
Please book it for 8 people starting Monday for 3 nights.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for the time frame that you desire.  Would you like to try another night or a shorter stay?
Ok, can we try 2 nights instead please?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : S3T89UYV.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star place with free wifi.|I have 21 options like that. Would you prefer a certain area of town or price range?
Are any in the North?|There are 5 options in the north.
OK, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on Tuesday, and we need to stay for 3 nights.|Reference number is : NBAUDV7Y. Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for an attraction called the cherry hinton village centre. Do you have any information about this place?|Here is the address colville road, cherry hinton.
Great, can I also have the postcode and phone number?|Phone number is:01223576412 and the postcode is cb19ej. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I am also looking to book a taxi to commute between these places. I will be leaving the attraction around 12:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07305330660
Awesome. Thanks so much for your help today!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in.|What day would you like me to book a hotel?
Before I book, I'd like to make sure that it is a guesthouse with free parking. Do you have anything with those amenities?|yes. there are 16 options. Do you have a price point?
Anything works. Is there a 4 star guesthouse with both free parking and free wifi?|Acorn guest house is a 4-star guest house with free parking and free wifi. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes.  I need 6 rooms for 3 nights, starting saturday.|I was able to get you those 6 rooms. Your reservation number is HAG2VEZK. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that serves modern european food.|The river bar steakhouse and grill is available if that works for you?
Yes. Can you get us a table at 14:00 on Saturday?|How many people will be in your party?
It will be for the same amount, 6 people.|I was able to book The River Bar for 6 people at 14:00 on Saturday, reference number 79DX01Y4.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome. How about a taxi between the two places?|I can certainly help with that. Are you looking for a ride from the restaurant back to the hotel? What time would you like to leave by?
No, I need it to get me at the hotel and have me to the restaurant by 14:00 for our reservation.  The pickup time doesn't really matter.|Booking completed! I have a red toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07956621045.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that covers everything.Thanks so much!|You're more than welcome!
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the north side?|I have 13 hotels on the north side of town, do you have any preferences for price range, internet or parking?
Yes, are there any expensive ones? I also would like free parking as well.|Unfortunately I can't find any expensive hotels with free parking.
How about something in the moderate range?|I found the acorn guest house. Can I book this for you?
That sounds great! Can you see if you can get me a room starting Friday? We'll be staying 4 nights, and there will be 2 of us.|OK, you're all set for 4 nights at the Acorn, reference #9PD946FD. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. I appreciate your help!|Have a great day!
