Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?|Certainly, we have many fine guest houses and hotels in Cambridge. Is there anything specific you were looking for, to help narrow it down?
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|Thanks for that information. What area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter I would like an expensive hotel if you can find one.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east and meet your criteria.  Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book me a room for friday.|For how many people?
I need it for 2 people please.|And how many nights?
5 nights please. And I would need the reference number also.|Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is all set up for Friday. The reference is 7F6ZIHSZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'm thinking a college in the centre.|Christ's College is located in the centre at saint andrew's street.
Can I please get their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks! I'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at 2:45?|Okay I've got a white Honda booked for you to pick you up at 2:45 and take you back to your hotel, their number is 07078899267
Thank you. That is all I need.|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a restaurant? I want to find a place in the centre.|Sure! There are plenty of restaurants in the centre to choose from. What type of food do you prefer?
I'd like to find a vegetarian restaurant, if possible.|I'm afraid there's none of those in the centre.  Would you like to try and different area of town?
What about a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre instead?|There are a few options in the centre ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
no not really. why don't you pick one a reserve a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday please|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is SB1NTSYB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need a ride there. Can you arrange a taxi for me?|Where will you be departing from?
Departing from the hotel and arriving at the restaurant by 19:15.|First we need to book you a hotel or guesthouse. Do you have any preferences for location or price?
I want kirkwood house- I don't need a booking, just the postcode.|The postcode is cb41da. How else may I help you?
Now I need a taxi.|I have booked a taxi from kirkwood house to the dojo noodle bar for you. A white honda will pick you up. The contact number is 07516276037. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive to the restaurant by the booked time?|yes, it will arrive by 19:15
that will be okay for now thanks|You're welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Thank you. I appreciated your assistance.|And thank you for texting the cambridge towninfo centre. Take care!
Where are some places in town around Cambridge College?|Please specify the type of attraction you're interested in.
A college type of attraction.|I found several college type attractions.  Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I don't have a preference. Can you suggest something?|I sure can.  Corpus Christi is one of the most popular ones.
That sounds great! May I have the address? Also, what part of town is it located in?|The address is King's Parade and it is in the Centre of town.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I am also looking for a particular restaurant.  Have you heard of Thanh Binh?|Yes I have. It's a great inexpensive restaurant. Would you like their information?
Could I actually just book a table for 7 there?|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to dine at 13:30 on Sunday please.|Reservations for 7 at the Thanh Binh has been made for Sunday at 13:30.  The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre postcode is CB30af.
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the south that is moderately priced.|I can't find any hotels, but I did find a guesthouse called aylesbray lodge guest house with that criteria.
I'd prefer a hotel.  It should have a 4 star rating.  Can you check again, please?|Unfortunately all we have is the aylesbray lodge guest house
Okay, do you have any hotels with a 3 star rating instead?|There's one with 3 stars - Bridge Guest House. It's in the south and is moderately priced, and they have free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 2 nights, We'll be there on thursday.|I was able to book your party of 6 into Bridge Guest House for 2 nights starting Thursday! Reference: GAAQJAQQ. Can I help more today?
Yes, I'm also looking for info on Wandlebury Country Park.|Wandlebury Country Park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. Is there any other information you need today?
Can you give me their phone number please?|The phone number for Wandlebury Country Park is 01223243830. Do you any further assistance today?
thanks. i want to leave the hotel by 24:45.|Do you mean that you want to book a taxi? If so, what will your destination be?
Yes I do. I want to leave the hotel by 24:45 to go to the park.|Your taxi will be available and has been booked.
Wonderful.  Can you provide me with the contact number?  Also, what kind of car is it?|Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a red Lexus.  The contact number is 07951076280.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|Very please to have been of assistance today.
I'm looking for a hotel called the Leverton house. Can you help me find it?|Sure. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like to book it for four nights, starting Sunday. Five people.|Will you be needed a reference number for the booking?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is. PIKSVFZT
I am also looking for places to go in town.  Maybe something in the south.|There are several places to go in the south.  Are you interested in cinema, entertainment, musuem, a nightclub, or perhaps something else.
How about a cinema?|Cineworld Cinema is a great place to visit. It's located on the south side at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does it have an entrance fee?|That information is not available to me. The phone number is 00872208000.
Okay I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 08:45.|The car will be a yellow toyota and their number is 07865026456, is there anything else you need?
No, I think that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thanks and enjoy your time !
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|Would you be interested in The Cambridge Chop House? It is a british cuisine restaurant located in the centre of town.
thank you, I hope its in the expensive price range. and if you could give me the phone number that would be great|Yes, it's expensive. Phone number is 01223359506.
I need to book a table for 1 person at 16:45 on friday.|That booking is unsuccessful. Does another time/day work?
Yes. How about 15:45 on Friday instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 10P0LEVH.. Anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Ideally a hotel with free wifi and parking that is also expensive.|If you're looking to stay in the town centre area, there is the gonville hotel. It has free parking and internet and is rated 3 stars. Would you like to book?
Great can you book it for one person, for 4 nights starting friday?|Your booking was successful starting Friday for four nights.  Your reference number is DRW9QM8S.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the two.  I'd like to arrive prior to the 15:45 time.|Your booking is complete, a grey bmw will be picking you up, the contact number is 07034136573. Can I assist you with anything further today?
No, thanks for your help.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I am looking for an attraction called King's College.|Ah yes, King's College is in centre of town. The address is King's Parace and phone 01223331100.
Thank you very much.  Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21st.
I also need a place to stay.|I can help you with that. Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 4-stars.  Also, an expensive one.|There is one hotel matching your criteria. It is University Arms Hotel, it is expensive with a four star rating and both free internet and parking. Do you need more information?
No that will be all the info I need thank you.|Okay! Have a great trip! Bye!
I'm looking for information on Saint John's College.|Yes St John's college is located at 	saint john's street and their telephone number is 01223338600. It costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Anything else?
Can you tell me what area it is located in?|Yes St John's is located in the city center.
I need the address and entrance fee as well. Also can you help me find a hotel with free parking in the moderate price range?|The address for St.Johns is St.John's St.,postcode cb21tp. There is an entrance fee of 2.50P. You have 14 choices of hotels, is there a specific area you prefer?
I'm not concerned about the area, but I'd like it to include free parking and wifi and have a 3 star rating please.|Bridge Guest House meets those criteria. It is located in the south. Would you like for me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary. I just need the address.|The address is 151 Hills Road. Anything else I can do for you?
I'd like to book a taxi between Saint John's College and the hotel, leaving the hotel at 4:15.|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you at 4:15pm at the Bridge Guest House.  It will be a black Volkswagen. The number is 07240037071. Anything else I can help with?
That's literally every thing I needed today. You've been amazing, thank you so much!|Have a safe trip!
I need a taxi to pick me up at curry prince at 08:15.|Where is your destination and what time would you like to arrive by?
My destination is kettle's yard, and anytime after 8:15 would be fine. Please notify me of the car type and the contact number. Thank you.|Ok, I have booked you a grey Audi for an 8:15 pickup. The contact number is 07249275156.
That is all I needed, thank you.|Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great rest of your day.
I be traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to try the restaurants, but could you help me with a finding a hotel?|Would you prefer a guesthouse? The acorn guest house is in the north and moderately priced. 4 starts with free internet and parking
I would prefer a hotel type hotel, it just needs to be in the moderate price range and doesn't need to have free parking, but needs wifi|Sure! I found ashley hotel. It is located at 74 chesterton road. Would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds like a good place.  I appreciate the information.|You're welcome. Would you like a room, or perhaps I could help you with something else?
Yes, can you tell me the star rating of that hotel?|It has 2 stars.
Thanks, I also need a restaurant in the Centre that serves European food. It needs to be in the same price range as hotel.|How about the Galleria?
Sounds good. I would like to make a reservation for Friday at 17:15 for 4 people.|Okay I was able to make you a reservation and your reference number is DWMSURSO.
Could you also book me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?|Where will you be departing from?
From the hotel.  I would like to get a contact number for the taxi also, just in case something changes.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Their contact number is 07236475648. That will be a yellow honda. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for a hotel call arbury lodge guesthouse.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is located at 82 Arbury Road in the north side of Cambridge. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I would like to book it for 4 nights for 4 people please.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please, a reference number would be great!|Okay, I can help you with that. What day do you plan to check in?
i want to check in on tuesday|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : OE6IHAT2. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the west side of town.|There are five. Three that are free, and two that have an entrance fee.
Get me a phone number for one that is close to the hotel and is free.|Well then should I search for a college in the north instead, if you want it close to your hotel?
Make sure you get contact number and i'll be there as soon thank you|I'm sorry for the confusion, which college do you want a contact number for?
that's okay, give me the number for the college closest to the hotel and is free, may I know the address as well?|There are not any colleges located in the north actually.
none in the west, I talked so someone earlier|None in the north 5 in the west, I personally recommend churchill college entrance is free, any further questions?
Could you give me the address and phone number?|Their address is storey's way	and their phone is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Which will be your departure site? What time do you want to leave or to arrive?
I will need to be picked up at the hotel by 4:45 to arrive at the college on tuesday.|All set, the car is a white volvo, Contact number is 07321652724, any other questions?
No I believe we got everything covered today.Thanks. Goodbye.|Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything else.
Yes, I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in town. I don't need internet access, so don't worry about that.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and moderately priced. Would you like to book a stay?
I need something cheaply priced.|We have 9 guesthouses that match your search. Would you like to narrow it down?
I don't care as long as it's a guesthouse located in the north for cheap.|May i suggest the Worth House? It is a cheap, 4 star hotel in northern Cambridge.
That's fine. Can I book it on monday for 4 nights for 7 people?|I'm sorry. It looks like the guesthouse can't be booked for your stay. There's a 0 star guesthouse also in the north. Would you like me to look there?
Can you try booking again for 3 nights instead of 4?|Your booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is KLPEPNED. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Are there any cheap restaurants near the hotel as well?|Just to clarify, are you looking for a cheap restaurant in the north area of town?
Yes. This restaurant should serve swiss food too.|I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the north side of town. Is there a different food choice you would like to try?
I see. Hmm. What about Indian?|How about the Royal Spice, it's a cheap Indian place in the north part of town.
Thank you, please provide the address and the postcode.|No problem, address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.
Thank you.  I would also like to book a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.  I would like to arrive by 17:30.|Ok, I've booked your taxi from Worth House to Royal Spice. You will arrive by 17:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I would like a contact number and car type please for my booking.|Sure expect a grey Volkswagen to pick you up and the contact number is 07554509101. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the maximum passenger accommodation of the Volkswagen?  There will be 7 of us going to dinner.|The model of the car was not given, so I am not sure, your best bet is to call the taxi company to make sure the vehicle can fit 7 passengers.
Sounds like a plan. Thank you for all of the help!|You are welcome! Enjoy your time here.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the centre of town. Can you find one for me?|El Shaddai is located at 41 Warkworth Street. They offer free internet and parking.
How many stars does El Shaddai have, I'm looking for a place that is at least a 3 star location?|El shaddai has 0, but alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating.
It's really important to me to have 3 stars, no more, no less. Are there any hotels that match that description?|The Gonville Hotel is a hotel, not a guest house, but it has 3 stars and is in the city centre. Will that work for you?
That will work. Can you make a reservation for 8 people, please?|Yes, what dates would you like me to reserve that for?
Starting Sunday and for 3 nights please.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
For 8 people please. Can I also get the reference number?|Yes I am happy to say I was able to book that hotel for you. The reference number is KVV2ZTNK.
Great, I'm also looking for something to do in that same area. What is available?|There are many attractions in the centre area, are you interested in architecture, museums, parks, nightclubs, swimming pools?
Just surprise me with something.|The all saints church is a terrific site for architecture buffs.  It's on Jesus Land and has free admission.
Can you tell me their postcode?|The post code is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me?  I'd like to leave The Gonville Hotel by 24:00, going to All Saints Church.|Sure, I've booked a red honda for you. Its contact number is 07371414690.
Thank you, you have been very helpful. I think that is all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy the church. Goodbye.
Can you tell me about the city centre north b and b hotel?|It's a guesthouse in the north. It's cheap, and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
Yes please.  We will be arriving on Sunday for 3 nights.  There are 7 of us.|Oh great. your booking was successful and your reference number is EBL4A5DL.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre area, what do you recommend?|There are many is there a type of food you'd prefer?
I would prefer portuguese food please.|Nandos City Centre is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yeah I want a table for 7 people on sunday at 18:00|I cannot book it for you. Would you like any more information?
Is the 17:00 time slot available for 7?|I can book it for you at 17:00 but I need to know what day, I can do Monday for you.
Is there another restaurant in that area with portuguese food?|Sorry for the confusion, I booked the restaurant for you and the reference number is 6UDMBSI2. Anything else today?
I need a taxi. I want to be taken from the hotel to nandos city centre, arriving by 17:00. Please give me the car and contact information|Your all set! A blue volkswagon will be picking you up the contact number is 07525527431, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thanks for all of your help you've been great!|You are welcome enjoy !
I'm looking for information on a hotel called the lensfield hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south area.  It offers internet and parking. Contact them at 01223355017. Thank you and have a great day!
Ummm...can you book that for me? Or do I have to call the hotel myself?|I can definitely do that for you - when would you like to arrive?
I need to stay for 5 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.|how long is your stay? I am only showing the lensfield hotel, it has 3 stars and free internet and parking
Lensfield sounds perfect.  I will need 5 nights please.|And how many people will be staying?
3 for 5 nights starting wednesday, and I need the reference # then too please|your all set reference # is N970M2RY. Something else I can help you with?
I need a cab by 12:30 too the contact # and car type will be most helpful|Is it Monday then? I want to make sure this is correct. (roles are reversed)
Yes it is Monday, sorry for any confusion|anything else I can assist you with today?
still need a cab by my booked time, 12:30 please|I need to know where you are traveling to
the hotel to the restaurant please|I am sorry we didn't reserve a table for you at any restaurant,  would you like to do that now?
yes, expensive french food for 3 people at 12:30 on monday|Sure, just need one more piece of info to complete your taxi booking. Which restaurant will the taxi be taking you to?
I need to make a reservation! An expensive french restaurant 3 people on monday at 12:30, I should have just called myself|I reserved a table at cote for you, ref # is ZLK6W3CY.
The roles are reversed- I need a cab now|I STILL NEED THAT CAB!
Thank you that is all I need|Thank you and enjoy your stay !
Hello, I'm trying to find info about a particular attraction in town called adc theatre. Can you help me?|Yes I can help you,I have locate adc theater do you want  the address?
Yes please, including the postcode.  Is there an entrance fee?|Their contact number is 01223300085. It does not look like there is an entrance fee but I would call just to be sure.
Thanks! I also need a 4-star place to stay that has free parking.|I have found 5 matches that meet your criteria. How about the acorn guest house?
Sounds great,and I will take it!|Would you like for me to try and make a reservation?
On second thought, I'm actually looking for a hotel.  Same criteria, but it needs to be in the moderate price range.|Acorn guest house is a great fit! Want more info?
What area is it in?|Acorn Guest House is at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like more info, or would you like to go ahead and book it?
Do you know the area the hotel is located in?|acorn guest house is in the North of town. Is there anything else?
I am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the north. Do you have any recommendations?|I have 4 attractions located in the north. 2 are swimming pools. There is also a boating attraction and a park. Which would you prefer?
I want the boating one.  What is the entrance fee for that?|The entrance fee for that is unknown according to our system. Is there anything else I can help you with?
maybe if you can get me the address. i also  want a restaurant in the same place which serves indian food.|The address is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Postcode cb43ax.  There are two indian restaurants in the North, one is moderately priced the other is cheap.
Can I reserve a table for two at the moderately priced Indian restaurant?|What day and time would you like those reservations?
I need them for 2 people at 12:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : MDKCBM4S.
Thanks for the reservation. I also need a taxi from the  passenger cruisers to arrive at the Indian restaurant by the booked 12:45 time, please.|Okay. I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Riverboat Georgina and take you to The Nirala by 12:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It would be nice if you would tell me the car type and it's contact number.|Of course, sorry about that oversight. The car is a red Volvo, and their contact number is 07988242006. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's alright. Thanks so much. I've got nothing more today. Bye!|I'm glad I could help.
I need a taxi to take me in time for my reservation to tang chinese today|Where will you leave from?
I am leaving from the backstreet bistro.|Alright. I will just need a time from you please.
I want to arrive by 18:00|Booking is complete, a grey tesla will be arriving at 18:00.  The contact number is 07243724592.  Do you need any further assistance?
.
Great, thanks! That was everything.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our services.
I want an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|i have booked you the indian serving restaurant called the golden curry
sorry but i wanted the americas food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants serving american food in the centre. Would you like to try another type?
Hmmm, okay, I'm craving Thai food so find me a restaurant that serves that|I have one listing for bangkok city does that sound good to you?
Yes, please. Make me a reservation for 4 people at 13:30 on thursday, please.|Booking is set, the reference number is P05U7TA8. Any further questions?
I need places to go in the same area.|What ype of attraction are you looking for?
I don't have a preference. Do you have any suggestions of stuff near the restaurant?|How about the All Saint's Church? Admission is free.
Thank you so much, I need a taxi from the church to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booked time.|I booked your taxi. Be on the look out for a blue Lexus. The reference number is 07817263576. How else may I assist you?
No thank you that will be all|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves thai food.|There is sala thong	and bangkok city.
Can I book a table for 6 people at 15:45 on Tuesday?|There are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time slot or another restaurant?
Let's try the other restaurant.|I'm sorry neither restaurant has an available table would you like to try another day or time?
Can you try another restaurant?|I was able to book you a table at Sala Thong on Tuesday at 15:45 for 6 people. Your reference number is EPNSY28V. Anything else I can help with?
I would like to go to a park in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?|Okay, we have the cambridge university botanic gardens in the centre of town.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that will work great. Can I get their postcode please?|Sure, they're in postcode cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to go from Sala Thong to the Gardens.|What time do you want the Taxi to meet you?
I want to make sure I can get from the park to the restaurant in time.|Okay i have you booked for a yellow volvo. The contact number is 07033533386 .
Thank you! That will be all.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is cheap.|There are two cheap places in the south. The Lucky Star serves Chinese food, and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Which do you prefer?
Either will work. I would like to book a table for 2 people at 13:25 on Monday.|I have booked a table for two at The Lucky Star on Monday at 13:15. Your reference number is X2YXZ9P. Anything else?
Thanks.  Could you also find a museum to go to in town?|Byard Art is close and is free. It is at 14 Kings Parade.
am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum.|Byard Art is near where you will be eating. The entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you tell me the postcode for Byard Art?|Sure!  There is no entrance fee to byard art.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i'll need a taxi|I can help you with that. I'll need to know your departure site and destination. You can also tell me the departure time and arrival time.
I'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please.  I'll need the taxi to get from the museum to Lucky Star in time for my booking.|Which museum will you be attending?
You are the one that suggested Byard art. Remember?|sorry about that. Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue lexus
Contact number	:	07150432273 anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I would like for a taxi to take me to london liverpool street train station, arriving no later than 17:45 please|I can book that for you, first I'll need to know where you'd like picked up at.
I would like to depart from London Kings Cross Train Station.|A white Toyota is booked for you.
Excellent, can I get a contact number please?|Of course. The contact number is 07689939820. Can I help with anything further?
that's great. thanks|I would like a taxi to take me to London liverpool street train station
Thank you goodbye|Great! Have a nice day!
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves American food and is in the center of town.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street in City Centre.
That sounds good.  Can you provide me with their contact info?|Their phone number is 01223312598. Do you need more information?
What is the price range?|It is expensive, but very good.
I also need a hotel called lovell Lodege|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Hello I am looking for a good, cheap, Spanish restaurant.Is there any that you can recommend?|La raza is a cheap restaurant that serves spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
Is that located in the centre?|It is indeed in the city centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes. Friday. 2 people. 17:30.|I have made your reservation at La Raza for 17:30 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OS5VNH62. Do you need anything else?
Ok, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:30.|No problem. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from the restaurant.|alright, then what is your destination please
I guess I need to book the hotel first.  Is there a guesthouse in the same area as La Raza?|There are two guesthouses in the centre. I recommend el shaddai
Do they have internet and what is the phone number?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has internet and the phone number is 01223525725.
Does the Alexander Bed and Breakfast also have free parking?|Yes they have free parking and wifi.
Please go ahead and book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me.|I will book but I need to know how many people and for what day?
for 2 on friday|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is OSNXB1IR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What car will be picking me up?|A grey honda is booked. You can call 07936397340 to reach them.
Thanks for all the bookings. I'm ready for my visit now. Take care. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need the address to a college in town|any specific price range to help narrow down available options?
Yes, what are the entrance fees?|I'd recommend Christ's College, it's free to enter.
Thank you I also would like to get a place to stay in the south.|I have many options. Do you have preference on price?
The price doesn't matter it just needs to be a hotel. I don't need internet.|The lensfield hotel is a match for you. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend a 0-star hotel with free WiFi, please?|Surprisingly, I have three options. How about Citiroomz? It is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
The would be great. Can I have the address and phone number?|Yes certainly their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their telephone number is 01223304050.
Great I need to book it for 4 nights|How many people will be staying and when would you like to stay?
It will be for 2 people starting on Wednesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.|I am unable to book this for you. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about tuesday?|I apologize, but it looks like saturday is not working either.
Try tuesday please.|I'm sorry tuesday isn't working either.
I suppose I'll book it myself, then. Can you tell me about the Soul Tree Nightclub? What part of town is it in?|It is in the Center of town. What else would you like to know?
I need the entrance fee and address.|The entrance fee is 4 pounds and the address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Anything else?
Yes I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub and i need to leave by 22:15.And may i have car type and confirmation # please?|Okay a red honda will be coming for you. The number is 07945880615
How much will the ride cost?|The system is unable to provide me with such information is there anything else?
No that would be all. Thank You. Goodbye|Good Bye thank you for calling
I can't wait to get there and see some of the local attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me?|I sure can! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse please. It also needs to have 4 stars and free parking.|I have several nice guest houses that fit your request. What part of town do you prefer?
I am pretty indecisive so none.  Can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Your reservation at limehouse for this tuesday for 3 days 2 nights for 3 people was successful. Your Reference number is : OVCFXDNP.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed help with today.|You are welcome.
I would like to find some info on the warkworth house hotel.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse hotel located in the east.  It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. The Warkworth house provides internet and parking.
I am looking to book at the warkworth hotel.|What day will you be coming in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|You are all set, the reference number is S42UNZJV, can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the address of the Warkworth house?|Yes, the address is Warkworth Terrace cb11ee.  Is there anything else I can find for you?
I would like some information about the Museum of Classical Archaeology.|What information are you looking for?
Just the postcode and entrance fee please.|They offer free admission to the museum. The postcode is cb39da. Anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay!
I'd like to find a good restaurant in the center.|We have many options available in Centre. Is there a specific price range or cuisine type you are interested in?
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.  I think asian oriental sounds good.|The Yippee Noodle Bar matches your request perfectly. They are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I'm not sure right now. May I please have the postcode?|The postcode is cb11lh.
Thank you! I am also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant. Can you help with that too?|Yes I have two guesthouses located in the city center in the cheap price range. do you have a preference?
I need it to have free parking and internet.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast and The El Shaddai both offer internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation with either guesthouse?
Yes, either one is fine.|How many days and for how many people?
I'm sorry, no booking please, just need their postcode and phone number.|Sure! Alexander Bed and Breakfast's number is 01223525725 and the postcode is CB12DE.
Also, what is the price range of the hotel?|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range.
OK, I also want to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant.|Of course, at what time would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 5:15|Ok, a yellow audi is booked.
Thank you.  Would you also give me the contact number for the taxi?|Contact number for the taxi is 07491658422. Will there be anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I am going to visit and was told about the a and b guest house. Could you help me with that?|Of course! It's a moderate guesthouse in the east with four stars and free wifi. It's located at 124 tenison road cb12dp. May I help with anything else?
What's the phone number and how many stars is it?|4 stars, moderate priced. Their phone is 01223315702. Free internet and located in the east.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre of town and I need it to be expensive.|There are 33 restaurants to choice from that are expensive. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'd love to try some European food.|Okay, we can make are reservation for you at Eraina.  What time?
Yes, I need a table for 7 please at 18:00.|Can I also get the information on what day you would like to go?
This is for Thursday. Make sure to give a reference number, I need this dinner to go smoothly.|Reference number is 1JM8JOYF. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I there! I hope you're having a nice day. Hi, I need ride or taxi from Lovell lodge to Holy Trinity Church around 10:30. What are my options?|I have booked you a blue toyota. The contact number is 07061402543
Thank you! That will be all.|I'm so happy I could be of help. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a Belgian food restaurant in the centre. Can you help me?|There are no Belgian places in Centre at this time. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
Yes. Please try European food in the Centre.|we dont have a place that matches those qualities. can you try something else?
What restaurants are located in the centre?|There are many can I get a price range you are looking for?
I am not concerned with price.|Can I interest you in a moderately priced restaurant called Yippee Noodle Bar, an Asian Oriental restaurant in the city centre?
Yes that would be fine. Please make reservations for 8 people at 11:15 on wednesday.|I have booked you for 8 people at 11:15 on Wednesday at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is: TCLMEX5I
I'm also wanting to stay at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  Can you help with that?|Sure thing would you like a reservation?
Yes. Three nights, from Wednesday. 8 people.|Good news, the booking of the hotel was successful, and the Reference number is : V3PB9S6V.
Thank you. I also need a taxi two commute between the hotel and restaurant.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for our reservation. Wouldn't want to miss my booked time.|Okay, was there a specific time you were looking for?
Our reservations are for 11:15.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07375849542 and it will be a grey Volvo. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a good night. Bye.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I am looking for a multiple sports location in the centre of town|Unfortunately there are no multiple sports locations in the centre of town.
Hmm, okay. Well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town centre. Could you recommend one?|I can recommend Christ's College. Admission is free.
Sounds good. Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would like to book a hotel that has free wifi. Parking doesn't matter.|I have found 9 hotels with free internet. Do you have a price range you are look for?
I would like it to be not be more that $120 a night.|Does the Gonville hotel work?
Is Gonville hotel in the town centre?|Gonville Hotel is in the "centre" area.
Does the hotel have a star rating of 0?|It has a rating of 3 stars.
I need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. For 3 people, 2 nights starting Thursday please.|How about the El Shaddai? It's at 41 Warkworth Street and it's cheap.
Okay let's try that.|It doesn't look like they have availability for a 2 night stay starting on Thursday. Would you like to book a shorter stay or start a different day?
How about just one night?|I was able to successfully book you for 3 people for a 1 night stay. Your reference number is 9ZKDXB08. Is there anything else I can help with?
One more thing, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will you be departing from El Shaddai Hotel to Christ's College? Also, when would you like the taxi to leave the hotel and arrive at the destination?
I would like the taxi to leave Christ's College by 01:30 and take me to the El Shaddai.|I reserved a Blue Ford for you, contact number 07289393506.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's perfect.  Thanks!|No problem.  Glad you could help.
Find me a modern european restaurant in the south.|I found Restaurant alimentum that fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for 7 people at 15:30 on friday please.|I'm sorry, that isn't available for that time slot.  Can you change it perhaps?
Well how about 14:30 then?|Yes, I was able to book your party at 14:30.  Your reference number is 7H21OO6L.  Please note the table will be held for 15 minutes. You need anything else?
do you know where castle galleries is|Yes, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
What is the post code, area of town, and type of attraction?|The post code is cb23bj, it is in the centre of town, and it is a museum.
I also need a taxi, to go between the two places.|Sure! When would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking.|I have booked a grey Volvo for you. The contact number is 07114144706. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. I think that was all. Have a good day. Bye.|Glad to have been of help.  Take care.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from india house and should arrive by 24:00.|What is the destination?
Whale of a time is where I want to get to.|Ok, I have booked you a taxi. It will be a grey honda, contact number is 07502484881. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and would like a few ideas on places to go for fun.|There are lots of local attractions, are you interested in architecture?
Yes sure as long as the attraction is in the city center. Could you also provide me with the phone number and postcode of the attraction?|Of course. How about Saint Catharine's College, in postcode cb21rl? Phone is 01223338300.
Sure. I also need somewhere to eat. I'm thinking something on the expensive side and close to the college.|Alright, there are 33 different restaurants around the college that are expensive. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
Can I get one in the centre of town and looking for gastropub food.|Backstreet Bistro is an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves gastropub food. Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Information, please! I'm not looking to make a booking at the moment.|Backstreet bistro is located in town centre. The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, phone 01223306306.  Do you need any further assistance?
Yes, can you book a taxi between the two?  I would like to leave the restaurant by 24:45.|I have confirmed a taxi picking you up at backstreet bistro at 24:45. The contact number is 07972785913. A blue volkswagen will pick you up. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That will be everything I need today. You have a nice day.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip and need help finding a place to stay.|Are you looking to stay in a guesthouse or hotel? What are of town do you prefer?
I was thinking a guesthouse on the east side of town|Do you have a price preference? I have both cheap and moderately priced guesthouses available.
I can afford an expensive place, but if there are no rooms a cheap hotel will do as well.|Allenbell is a nice place, cheap.  There wasn't anything expensive.
that is fine. book for 8 people and 5 nights from friday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BLY0KYCW. anything else?
No, that's it.  Thank you for all your help.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Wait!  I forgot something. Can you also tell me about a place called Saint John's College?|Of course. What would you like to know?
What area is it located ?|St. John's College is located in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
No. But I do need a taxi from the hotel to the college.|I can do that. Do you have a departure time or arrival time for your trip?
Yes, of course, how could I forget?! I'd like to leave the hotel by 16:45. Are you able to book for that time?|here are the details,Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07300200666
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome
Okay, well, again, I really appreciate all the help you gave me.|you are welcome. call me if you need anything else.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|There are several to chose from what price range are you looking for?
I need one that serves modern european food.|There are four modern European restaurants in the centre. Two are moderately priced, one is cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
Please try to book a table for 3 people at your favorite one.|What day do you want me to book it for?
On Sunday at 14:45 please.|How about the riverside brasserie? It is moderate priced.
Sure, that sounds great. Can you get that table for 3 for 14:45 on Sunday?|Yes, you're booked with reference number LP74URJE. May I help with anything else?
I'd also like to see a college, any would do. And could you give me the address and entrance fee as well, please.|The churchill college is at storey's way and is free, did you need anything else?
That sounds great. Yes, actually, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant please, so we can arrive in time for our reservation.|Okay, I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Skoda. The contact number is 07626173176.
.
Thank you for your help!|Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Fantastic - have a great time on your visit! Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Does Cambridge have any expensive Austalasian restaurants?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants fitting your request. Do you want me to look for a different food type for you?
I like British also.  Are there any British restaurants that are expensive?|There are 6 British restaurants that are expensive. What part of town would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. Which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 13:30 on wednesday?|I was able to book you for 1 at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is LLT7M4SU.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive place to stay.|There are 5 options. They are all hotels with parking and internet included. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
Can you please check the South area first?|There is one expensive hotel in the south. It is the lensfield hotel. Do you need a booking?
Yes, I want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. It'll be just 1 person again. Please provide a reference number.|Reference number is : 1DN9IQ4D. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to Fitzbillies restaurant, arriving by 13:30. Please give me a car type and contact info|I have that taxi booked. It is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07422952995.
I appreciate all of your help.  I'm done for now.|You are welcome enjoy
Good morning! Can you help me get a taxi to take me from Clare College to Cambridge that gets there by 18:00?|Yes, I have a car for that time, would you like me to book it?
Please. Can I get the contact number and car type for that?|Yes, look out for a grey ford. The contact number is 07562472408. May I help with anything else?
Actually, can I change the destination to Christ's College?|Ok, so that was a cab leaving from clare college and going to christ's college arriving there at 18:00?
Yes. Could I have the contact number and car type for this trip?|Yes, it will be a grey Ford and the contact number is 07562472408. What else can I help you with?
That takes care of what I needed today. Thanks and have a good day.|Thank you, goodbye.
i  want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from pizza hut cherry hinton and should arrive by 01:30.|Do you have a destination and time preference?
Yes, I want to book so I can get to kohinoor by 01:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red bmw
Contact number	:	07276200225
Thanks so much! I'm all set for my trip now! Bye!|Great, I'm so glad to have helped! Enjoy your day!
I'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city centre.|I don't have any sporting events in the centre. May I try a different area?
Maybe we could try swimming instead?|Yes, the Parkside Pools is available with that criteria. The phone number for it is 01223446100. Do you require any other information about it?
please find me the address.|It is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.
I am also looking to eat out. Expensive Welsh food.|I have nothing that match your search. Do you have another preference ?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|May I recommend Bedouin? It's an expensive african restaurant in the centre of town.
How about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves Indian?|There are 5 restaurants that fit that criteria, Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes please, I would like a quiet place as much as  possible.|The Golden Curry should meet your needs.  What day and time would you like to book the table and for how many people?
I would like it for just me because I don't have friends, for 11:45 on Tuesday.|I've made those reservations and the reference number is  B1J73EIY.
Can you also arrange a taxi for me? I need to go from Parkside Pools to Golden Curry and arrive there by 11:45.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Honda and their contact number is 07951132532.
Thank you very much for all your help today. That is all I need for now.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for something entertaining in town later and I've got some things in mind.|What are your ideas? what area of town and what type of attraction?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|There are four theatres in Centre: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you be interested in any of these?
Cambridge Arts sounds good, can I get the phone number? Is there any entrance fee? And then a nice expensive dinner in the same area please.|Cambridge arts theatre phone is 0122350333, no entrance fee information is available.  There are 33 restaurants in your price range, do you have a food type preference?
Yes, I like there to be Cuban food.|I am sorry but there are no Cuban restaurants available.  Would like another type of food?
Hmm, I'll try Japanese instead.|we have wagamama located in 36 Saint Andrews Street. can i book for you?
No thank you I just need the postcode.|The post code is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book me a taxi that will pick me up  from Cambridge Arts Theatre at 07:15 and take me to Wagamama?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07275251696
Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
I want to find a restaurant in the west that serves light bites. Do you have any suggestions?|No, I'm sorry. The search didn't pull up any matches.
What are some expensive restaurants?|There are a few choices in the expensive pricerange on the west side. What type of food would you prefer other than light bites?
I'd like Indian food, please.|Tandoori palace looks like a good fit for you. Could you like me to make a reservation?
Not just yet but please get me their post code, phone number and address|They are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223506055 and their postcode is cb43le. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if there are any concerthalls in the west?|I'm sorry, there are no concert halls located in the west, shall I check another area?
What about a college?|Okay, how about Churchill College? It's free to get in.
Thank you! Just give me the postcode and I should be good to go.|Okay the postcode is cb30ds.
Awesome. Can I get a taxi from the College by 12:15?|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm headed to Tandoori Palace from the College.|I have made that taxi reservation. Look for a yello skoda and the contact number is 07041247281.
Thank you for booking that taxi and giving the contact number and car type.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I want a taxi to pick me up after 21:00 to take me to Little Saint Mary's Church.|I can help with that - where are you leaving from?
I want to be picked up at frankie and bennys please|I've booked you a black Honda, the contact number is 07796011098.
Great, thank you for your help.|No problem. Are you finished?
We are visiting for a couple days and would like to see some boat attractions in town.  What do you have available?|Depends on what area of town you'll be visiting.
I haven't decided on what area of town I will be staying in, I would just like to know the boat attractions please.|There are only boat attractions in the east, north and centre so If i was you I wouldn't stay in the west or south.
Ok.  I would like the name of a specific boat attraction please.|The camboats in the east side is highly suggested.  Would you like any information on them?
What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, but I have checked all the boat attractions in the other areas of town and none have entrance fees listed. Can I help with something else?
Yes, can you get me information about Huntingdon Marriot Hotel?|It's an expensive 4 star hotel at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number is 01480446000 and postcode is pe296fl. Provides free internet/parking.
Can I book lodging for 7 people starting on Saturday? We're staying for 4 nights.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is GOL43A42. What else can I help you with today?
I also need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 17:15, please.|You are all set. Be expecting a blue Audi. Please call 07750823972 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?|Yes do you have the name of the hotel?
It's called the University Arms Hotel.|It is in centre of town and has 4 stars and is priced expensive.
I'd like to book a few rooms for Thursday. Are there rooms available?|What nights are you looking to stay so I can check the availability?
I need 3 nights starting on Thursday. Should have enough room to accomodate 4 people.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4AHCO6OI.
Great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the south also?|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the south part of town. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
can you try entertainment ?|There are two entertainment attractions in the south. I suggest nusha.
Okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also I want a taxi to take me there. It should leave the hotel by 10:30. Give me car type and contact number|The post code for nusha is cb17dy. I'm checking on your taxi reservation.
Ok, thank you. I will need to know what kind of car is picking me up.|Booking completed! Expect a red Ford to pick you up at the hotel at 10:30. Their contact number is 07439027429. Can I assist you otherwise?
No, but thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|Have a great day!
i need a place to go which is the type of a college.|Is there a certain area you're interested in? If that doesn't matter, I recommend Clare College in the west.
Sure, can you give me the address for that?  You said it is in the west, right?|That's right Clare College in the west part of town. The address is just trinity lane. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need to book accommodation. can you recommend a guesthouse  in the northern area of town?|Is there a price range you prefer?
I would like it to be expensive please|There are no hotels that match that criteria. Are you interested in a different price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?|I have several that match that criteria, do you care about parking or wifi?
I'd prefer it to have wifi, parking it doesn't really matter.|How does the Acorn Guesthouse sound.  It is moderately priced and has free wifi.
Sounds great, Can you book it on Sunday for 2 nights for 2 people?|I was able to book the room, the reference number is MQGFE5F1. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I would also like to book a taxi from the college to the guesthouse. Can you help with that?|I sure can! I'll just need to know a time that you either want to arrive at the hotel by or leave the college by.
I want to leave the college by 21:15 please.|I have booked you with a yellow honda taxi. The number to contact is 07912722753.
.
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|Your welcome! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from la Margarita and should go to riverboat Georgina.|What time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 17:15.|I have a white tesla booked. The contact number is 07032807056. Anything else today?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks!|Great, have a wonderful day and enjoy your taxi ride, thank you!
If you can, please help me find a relatively expensive hotel down on the South end|The lensfield hotel is on the south end, has 3 stars and is expensive. Would you like to book that?
I am still deciding, can you verify whether or not they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking.
Yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday.  We will have 8 people in our party.|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is XDWV7SAT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south.|We have several choices. Do you have a preference in the type of food?
Anything you recommend will work. I need to book it for 8 people, sunday at 19:15|I reserved a table for you at frankie's and bennys your confirmation # is HEAZ99BV, anything else?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, one that gets me there in time for my reservation.|The booking is completed, and you will arrive in time for your reservation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you give me a contact number for the taxi and the car type that will pick me up?|Yes, the contact number is 07017025881. The car is a blue volkswagen. Anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to contact us again.
I am looking for information.  Can you help me with a place to stay while I'm in town?|I can help you.  Which part of town?
The North part of town is where I want to go and  include free parking and should have a star of 4|Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House? It's located on 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|The booking was successful. You have a reservation for 3 people, staying 4 nights a Acorn Guest House starting on Sunday. Your Reference number is : Z45I87LD.
Thank you! I also need a swimming pool in the north area of Cambridge.|I'd recommend jesus green outdoor pool. Would you like more information?
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?|Sure! The address is between victoria road and the river, the postcode is cb43px, and the phone number is 01223302579.
Lastly a taxi from the hotel to the pool please.|Do you have a arrival time in mind ?
I want to to leave the hotel by 10:30.|When is your arrival time?
My arrival time will be 17:00.|Your taxi have been booked for a black volvo and its contact number is 07055228719.
Thanks. That is all for today.|thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
Thanks. I hope your day is good too.|it sure is. thanks.
Good. Glad to hear it. You can end this conversation now. I don't need anything else.|Thank you for using our service.
I am coming to Cambridge soon to see the many local attractions.|I have various attractions all over town. Is there a specific area you are wanting to find something to do?
Well, first I need to find a place to stay. I need a hotel in the south part of town with free parking.|Yes, I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the south, as well as one expensive hotel. Do you have a preference?
I would like a moderately priced guesthouse, please.|I have two places, is there a star rating you prefer?
I don't have a preference.  Could you make a recommendation?|I like the aylesbray lodge guest house since it is the same price and has an extra star.
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting saturday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is  EKA7G2P9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking to go out to the Soul Tree Nightclub.|Sure. That nightclub is in the centre area on 1-6 corn exchange street. Would you like to book a taxi?
Yes, I'd like a taxi to commute between the night club and the guesthouse. I want to leave by 15:00.|Your pickup car will be a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07450209981. Anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you! You have been so helpful!|Thanks, enjoy your trip!
Thanks for being a great help!|Thank you, please remember you can contact us at any time if you need more assistance! Have a great day!
I need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks!|We have over 69 restaurants i the center of town.  Do you have any food style or price preference?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I'm not sure what time I need just yet.  Can I get the postcode?|Sure.  It's cb21nt.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking!|I have the el shaddai that meets those requirements. Would you like to make reservations?
Definitely! There will be 6 of us, arriving Saturday, and staying for 5 nights.|Your reservation for 6 at El Shaddai this Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 6NUZQ2BG.
Great. Can you also get me a taxi to take me from Ali Baba to El Shaddai. I want to leave the restaurant by 05:30.|How many people will be traveling?
I just need one taxi. Can you book that for me, please?|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07167504810, and it will be a black Honda. Anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That was it for today. Thank you very much for your assistance. Have a good one. Good bye.|Thank you for contacting us at Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions!!  Can you help me??|Absolutely we have 79 locations, do you have a style you'd like to see?
I'm looking for a hotel called Cityroomz, do you know anything about that?|Yes, it's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Yes I would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on Tuesday.|I was able to book you a room for three days starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is NZ2XYT90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find a nightclub in the west?|There are no nightclubs in the west. Another type or place perhaps?
Well, could you look for a college?|Churchill college has a lot going on at night, that would be a good fit, would you like more information?
Sure can I get the phone number to this college?|The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else i can help you with ?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by 19:45. Can you please help me with that?|I was able to find a taxi it will be a white ford and the number is 07987674109. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no that will be all|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's a been a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a hotel in the north?|Yes do you have a price range preference?
Yes I have a moderate price range.|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.  Would you like to book a room?
Does it offer free parking?  If so, I would like to book it for four nights starting Thursday for 3 people please.|Yes it offers free parking.
Can I have a reference number for the booking?|Ashley Hotel will be expecting your party of 3 for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is K5JO25UL. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves Cuban food.|I'm sorry, there are no Cuban restaurants in the city - is there another type of cuisine that you'd like to try?
What about one that has Chinese food?|I've found one result. It is golden wok. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for Thursday at 17:15 with 3 people. Send me the reference number too.|The booking was successful, here is your reference number 0Q4KUTUA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi.|Where will you be leaving from?
I need picked up at the hotel.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time, isn't it obvious?|I did not want to make assumptions for you, but now you are booked. A black bmw will take you. The contact number is 07551001124
Thank you, and I apologize for getting snappy with you. That is all I need for today.|You are very welcome! It was a pleasure assisting you, and I hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I want to know about 4 star hotels that include free parking for guests.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter but it should be a guesthouse.|There are about 16 choices. Maybe we can narrow it down if you tell me what price range you were looking at?
guesthouses not hotel, sorry can you suggest one and give me their phone number please|I have 33 guesthouses all over town ranging from cheap to moderate. What area do you prefer and which price range will work for you.
As long as it's a guesthouse with 4 stars and free parking I will be happy. Which one do you recommend?|There are 16 all over town, that meet your criteria. If you could tell me which part of town you would prefer, that would help narrow the choices down.
Please give me the phone number of a guesthouse, it doesn't matter where it is, as long as it has parking and 4 stars.|The acorn guest house has parking and 4 stars. Their telephone number is 01223353888. May I help you with something else?
Can you recommend a chinese restaurant in the centre area?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre in various price ranges. Which price do you prefer?
I don't care about the price. Can you recommend anything?|How about Charlie Chan? I go there alot, they are cheap and in the city centre.
That sounds great. Can I get a table for 8 people at 16:45 on Saturday?|You are booked as requester, the reference number is OQP3A7WA, any other questions?
I need a taxi also to get to the restaurant on time.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
From the guesthouse to the restaurant|A blue honda is booked and the contact number is 07014435019. Thank you
I'm looking for an attraction in the west.|Are you looking for anything in particular? There are museums, colleges, and an entertainment venue on the west side of town.
I think a museum sounds good.|There are several in that area. 4 has no entrance fee and 1 costs 3.50 pounds. Did you have a preference?
I suppose I could visit the one that cost. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode to that location please?|cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street post code cb30aq. their phone number is 01223355159. is there anything else i could help you with?
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive place to eat after I visit the museum. I'm hoping for latin american food.|I'm sorry, there are none that meet your criteria. Is there anything else you would prefer, or maybe a not-so-expensive restaurant?
How about Indian food.|There are five options, but I recommend maharajah tandoori restaurant, would you like more information or a booking?
Okay, please book for tuesday at 13:15. It'll be 5 of us dining. I'll need the reference number|I am sorry, our system is down and I can't get that booked right now. Is there anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|Your all set! Sorry for any confusion. Your ref number is 9UQFB5UA make sure you get there 15 minutes ahead!
Thank you. What kind of car will they be driving?|They will be driving a white skoda. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you have their contact number?|Yes, their contact number is 07346227585
OK, I guess that is all. Thanks a lot!|You are welcome
I need a taxi to pick me up from saigon city please|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 15:45.|And where will you be going?
I'll be heading to huntingdon marriott hotel.|Great! I was able to book a red Audi for you!
What is the contact number of that Audi?|The contact number is 07062991767. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you that is all I need today.|Have a good one!
I need a restaurant on the north side, Italian if possible.|Da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and serves Italian food.
Are they in the cheap price range? I'm kind of limited on funds.|Yes, they are. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at the moment. Can you give me their address, phone number, and postcode, please?|20 Milton Road Chesterton	cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thanks.  I'm also interested in finding an attraction that is also in the north.|What sort of attraction would you like it to be?
anything that is in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 4 attractions. 2 are swimming pools, 1 park and 1 boating attraction. Which do you prefer?
The boating attraction sounds like a lot of fun. How much do they charge to get in?|The entrance fee isnt available on line. 	01223902091 is the phone number if you'd like to call them. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you give me the postcode?|The postcode for Riverboat Georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thanks. that is all.|Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi there. Real quick. Having a blast. I want a REALLY good restaurant not too far from my hotel. What do you have?|I'll be happy to help- but I need to know what region your hotel is in first.
I'm in the centre of town.|We have a lot of restaurants available in the city centre.  Do you prefer a certain type of food?
I have no food preference, but I would prefer an expensive restaurant.|The Bedouin is an African restaurant that offers a high quality experience. Would you be interested?
Yes. Please book for 7 people on Thursday at 12:30.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is K7HFUCR6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same area I will eat.|I have about 44 different attractions in the centre of town. Lots of architecture, colleges, boating, cinemas, concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, and theatres. What interests you?
Can you recommend a place?|I like great saint mary's church.  Need some info on it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee for st. mary's church?|Great Saint Mary's Church is located in Market Square, cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a booking?
No thank you that will be all|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
I'm looking for a restaurant on the west side that serves basque food.|I don't have a Basque restaurant on the West side. Would you like me to look in other parts of town?
Well how about an expensive one then?|We don't have any Basque restaurants on the west side, regardless of price. Do you want to try a different type of food?
How about a thai place then?|sala thong is just for you. Their address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to know the postcode, if possible?|The postal code is cb39ey. Is there any other thing you might like to know?
Yes, I need a guesthouse close to the restaurant on the west side.|There are two in the area.  One is cheap and the other is moderately priced.  Do you have a preference?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.|Do you have a price preference?
No I do not I would like a 4 star guesthouse in the west with free parking.|gdsgfsd fg dsf gdfg d sfgds
Can you help me find a place to stay?|Yes! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the South please.|There are 4 nice places to stay in that area, is there a price range you prefer?
I've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. I need parking, wifi, and it should have a 0 star rating.|There's one guesthouse, el shaddai, that fits your criteria. Do you need more information?
No, but I do need a reservation for Wednesday, 2 nights, for 3 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LG6AFLVA.
Thanks. Could you also help me locate an expensive british restaurant?|The Cambridge Chop House sounds like it might be what you are looking for.
That sounds wonderful! Is it in the same area as the hotel?|Your hotel is in the south and the cambridge chop house is in the centre, is that okay?
Hmm, I really want to stay near the hotel. Do you have anything in the south instead?|In the south we do not have any expensive british restaurants. We do have chinese, indian, italian or mexican.
My hotel is in the centre, so the Cambridge Chop House will actually work. Can you make me a booking for 3 people on Wednesday?|Yes I can. What time would you like to eat?
I want to eat at 16:15.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 1T0DI06Z. Can I help you with anything else?
Oh yeah, I'm going to need a ride to get around.|I have booked you a taxi to take from your hotel to The Cambridge Chop House.  Contact number	:	07124495603
Thank you, what kind of car will be picking me up?|It will be a black Honda. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all I need for today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
I'd like to find a Turkish restaurant in the center of town.|I have three Turkish restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for a specific price range?
An expensive restaurant would be nice.|Then the Meze Bar Restaurant is the one for you. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, can I reserve for 6 people at 12:15 on tuesday?|Your table for 6 has been booked on Tuesday. Can I help you with something else?
Could I have the reference number please|Sure.  Reference number is : TJ09LFVD.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit.|Do you have a part of town you prefer?
the centre around the same area as the restaurant do you have any suggestions?|how about christ's college its in the centre and free admission
That's a great suggestion. Thanks. I will also need a taxi between the college and the restaurant, please.|What time would you like to leave? or arrive by?
I just need it to arrive by 12:15 for the reservation.|Your taxi reservation on a grey Lexus has been completed. You will be picked up at Christ's College and dropped off at Meze Bar Restaurant. The contact number is 07700069470
Thank you so much!, Have a great Day!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Thank you good bye.|your welcome, have a great day!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to stay. I prefer a 4 star hotel in the west.|If price is no object, I'd recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. I also have a cheap hotel and a cheap guesthouse in the west.
I would prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Do you have one?|Yes, finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east, cheap yet 4 stars, and both parking and internet are available. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, they have parking. Would you like to book or know more info?
id love to book!|Great, can you tell me when you'd like to book?
Can you please give me the address and phone number of the location? I would also like to find some college-related attractions in that area.|The number for Finches is 01223276653.  The address is 144 Thornton Road.
OK, thank you.  I can't book just yet.  Are there any colleges in the east part of town?|There are no colleges available in the east part of town.
Hmm.  Is there a similar guesthouse in an area that does have colleges?|No, unfortunately. That's the only place.
I'd like to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 21:00.  I'd also like the contact number and car type.|I apologize for any confusion, there are actually 5 colleges located on the West side of town near the guesthouse. I would recommend visiting the Churchill College.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?|Sure.  Churchill College is on storey's way, and the phone is 01223336233.
Great, now I need to book a taxi to go between the two, please.|I have booked your taxi. It is a black lexus and the contact number is 07034946796.
Great! Thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Actually I think there has been some confusion. I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the WEST. The locations you gave me are in the wrong area.|I do apologize for the confusion earlier, I misspoke. Finches B & B is in fact in the West.
Okay, thank you.|Would you like more information?
Nah that won't be necessary. Appreciate the help!|Thank you, I'm glad we could help!
I am looking for some places to go in the east. I'd like an entertainment attraction. Can you give me some suggestions and phone numbers please?|Cherry Hinton Hall's number is 01223446104. The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705.
What other types of attractions are available in the east?|There are swimming pools, parks, museums and multiple sport attractions as well.
What type of attraction is Cherry Hinton Hall?|It is an entertainment place, does that satiate your desires?
That sounds great.  I also need a hotel in the same area as the attraction|Do you have an accommodation type or price range?
I need a hotel with free parking.|There is no hotel in the east with free parking
okay can you look for a hotel without free parking?|I didn't mention that there are guesthouses in the east with free parking. Did you specifically need a hotel type or would a guesthouse be okay?
I will take anything with free parking.|I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
Can you let me know if they have internet, their address, and phone number?|Yes Allenbell has internet and the phone number is 01223210353 address is 517a coldham lane.	Would you like for me to reserve you a room?
I need a taxi from nusha to thanh binh at 6:15, please.|A blue volkswagen will pick you up, and the contact number is 07337359188. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed, thanks.|you are welcome. have a great day
Thank you, you too.|Don't hesitate to call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
I need to book a taxi to arrive by 06:45 to go to ADC Theatre.|Okay, what is your departure site?
I need to be picked up from Wagamama.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black lexus
Contact number	:	07069964497
I'm looking for a cheap hotel that has free wifi.|There are 10 available. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
I would like one with a 4 star rating. Is that an option?|There are 8 of those. Is there are particular area of town you were looking for?
There is not.|How about The Cambridge Belfry?
Yes, may I have the address for that hotel?|That hotel is located on Back Lane in Cambourne.  Anything else?
Do they have free parking?|They do have free parking. They also have free wifi. Would you like me to make a booking?
I would like to think on it if possible. But perhaps. Could you also help me find a chinese diner located in the centre? It needs to be cheap also.|Rice House is at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of the restaurant?|What day, time, and how many people will be coming?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the postcode.|The postcode for the Rice House is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to restaurant. I want to leave the hotel by 6:15.|I have set up Yellow Skoda  taxi to pick you up at 6:15. Their contact number is 07482129349
And what type of car will be picking me up?|A yellow Skoda is the type of car the taxi will be. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful!|Thank you for using our service. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to stay called the cambridge belfry. What can you tell me about that?|Its price range is cheap, it's four stars, and offers internet and parking.
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a room for me for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday?  Please send me the reference number.|Great!  I've got you booked for 5 days for 6 people on Friday.  Your reference number is 8RL6ZC5G.
Thank you for the reference number.  Are there any cheap places to dine in the North area?|Do you have a preference for type of food?  I have an Indian option and an Italian option.
Any of the two would work. As long as you can book it for 6 people on the same day for 13:30.|I'm sorry, neither of them are available. Should I try different time or other restaurants?
Ok, try 12:30.|That worked! You've got a table for 6 reserved at Royal Spice at 12:30 on Friday. Ref. number is 8NHD0P2I. Need anything else today?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Your taxi booking is complete, your contact number is 07546255073.  Car type is a black lexus.  Do you need help with anything else?
That's all i need.  Thank you.|Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?
No, that is all I need for today. Good bye.|Have a great day.  Bye.
Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant called Graffiti. Can you help me locate it?|It is on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 7 for Sunday at 14:45.|I've booked your reservation at Graffiti for Sunday 18/06/2017 for 7 people. Reference number 3GQ3ITLZ.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should have free parking and free wifi.|I can help with that. Is there a particular area that you would prefer to stay in?
No, not really. It just needs to be a hotel.|How about the Ashley Hotel?  It is on the North side of town and has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds like it might be great - how many stars does the Ashley have?|It has 2 stars. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me somewhere.|Certainly. Where are you departing from and where are you going? I also need the time you are leaving or need to arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant by the time the reservation starts.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Please have the taxi pick me up at the hotel. Can I get the taxi contact number and car type?|When would you like to leave?
An hour after I arrive at the restaurant sounds about right.|Your car from the Ashley Hotel to Graffiti is booked.The car type is a Black Volkswagen and the contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great thank you so much that's all I needed today.|Thank you for using our system!
Are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the north of town that I can go to? Thanks for any suggestions.|There are 5 restaurants in the north end, do you prefer asian food or european food?
I would prefer Asian food.|I would recommend the Saigon City for you. Should I make a booking for you and your party?
No, I'm not sure when I'm going yet.  Can I just get the phone number?|Sure thing 01223356555
I also want to go to an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|i have four, do you have any specific attraction in mind?
I would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the north.|There are no museums or nightclubs in the north. Do you want to search elsewhere?
No, what attractions are available?|I have a boat, a park and 2 swimming pools available in the area you are looking for.
The park sounds good. Can you give me the postcode? And is there an entrance fee?|Admission is free! The postcode is cb43px.
Lastly, I need a taxi from the park to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at 10:30.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Honda and their number is 07705876562.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|Certainly.  What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
The north part of town please.  Are there any guesthouses?|We have ten such places.
Great! Could you book one of those for Sunday for me?|I'm sorry, there isn't anything available for Sunday. Would a different day work?
How about just 1 night?|I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that day at all. Would it be possible for your to book another day?
I really need a room for 4 people on Sunday.|I'm not sure we're going to be able to help you get a room on Sunday. Can you restate your requirements?
I need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights.  I need the hotel to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|I actually attempted all ten guesthouses with the booking instructions, all of them are unsuccesful.  May need to try hotels or different area to move forward.
Try hotels in the north, then.|The rooms are booked then , shall I try a shorter stay?
Ok, can you try for just 1 night please?|I was able to get you in for one night at the Acorn Guest House, reference number 2T2WBNRP. Sorry it took so long. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also am looking to dine out. Something European, and expensive.|There are 5 different expensive European restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to eat in?
Nearest the hotel will be fine, I also need a cab after the restaurant|City Stop Restaurant is the european restaurant in the north near your hotel. Where would you like the taxi to take you after the restaurant?
I would like to go back to the hotel after eating|Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to pick you up from the restaurant?
I would like to book the City Stop Restaurant for 4 people on Sunday at 15:45. I need the taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant by that time.|Okay your all set! Reference number is 9ABQGPGT. Anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between both places, and could you make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?|I have booked a yellow lexus, contact number 07327430362. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you! You were so helpful!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves british food in the east?|I have located the grafton hotel restaurant, would you like more info or a booking?
Please book reservation for 2 people at 16:00 on Friday. Send me the reference number.|Ok, I made your reservations. Your reference number is 23EKIUFO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
give me the address and postcode.|Sure, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the post code is cb58pa. Can I do anything else for you today?
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay.|I'll be glad to find you a place, first is there an area or price range you recommend?
The price range doesn't matter.|Well what area are you interested in?
I need a guesthouse, including free parking.  It should have a 4 star rating on Friday.  Can I get the phone number and address?|I recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast. It's located close to where you'll be dining and is moderately priced. Their address is 138 Perne Road and their phone number is 01223247015.
I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. I need to leave the restaurant by 19:00.|I have booked that taxi for you. Be expecting a grey Toyota. Should you need to contact the taxi company, you can call 07048450899.
Thank you very much.  I think that is all I need.|Have a nice day!
Hi there! I'm looking for some kind of fun attraction in the center of town.|We have a wide range of attractions in the center of town: achitecture, boats, cinema, colleges, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, and theatres. Which would you enjoy?
I think a museums might be nice. Can you recommend one to me?|there are many too choose from! would you like to visit an art museum?
Can you still just recommend one please??|I recommend primavera it's free and located at 10 king s parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking to book the hotel El Shadai starting on Thursday for 8 people and 4 nights.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is ERQXH3VN. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all. Good day. Bye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am traveling soon and can't wait to see some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay when I am there?|Do you have a preference in area?
No, I don''t have an area preference. I would like to stay in a guesthouse with at 4 star rating. I also need WiFi.|I would suggest the acorn guest house would you like the info?
Is there another nearby option?|Yes, there are several options. They are all priced in either the cheap or moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
I have no price range preference, do any have free parking?|The Allenbell is in east. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Can you please give me the address?|it is located in 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js
Could you give me information on Cafe Jello Gallery?|sure its located in the west and is a museum. Free admission too
I also need a tax leaving my hotel by 18:30 to take me to the museum.|You are booked, look for a ford pinto.  kidding, look for a yellow lexus, the drivers contact info is 07407659393, any further questions?
That is all I need today, thank you.|No problem, have a great day.
I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.|What area of town are you wanting to stay in?  What is your price range?
It can be anywhere in town, but I'd like the hotel to be in the cheap price range if possible.|It would seem there are no cheap 2 star hotels that offer free parking. Would you maybe like to stay at a moderately priced hotel?
How about in the expensive price range?|There are many hotels in this category that offer free parking. How many stars would you prefer?
I would prefer one with a rating of 2 stars.|I have one 2 star expensive hotel, The express by holiday inn Cambridge. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for five nights, starting from Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZULEU3K1. Did you need to find anything else today?
I would like to eat at a restaurant please.|Sure. I have many to choose from. Are you looking for a particular type of food, price range or location?
I'm just looking for something that's in the same price range as the Hotel|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind or shall I recommend one?
I would like a cuisine of asian oriental.|I have 2 asian oriental restaurants. Saigon City and Kymmoy. Let me know which you prefer and I can give you more info or book it for you.
Can I please get the address for Saigon City?|Of course, the address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant.|Of course! What time would you like the taxi to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 6:45.  Once that is booked can you provide me with the phone number and car type?|Okay I have booked you a grey Tesla with a contact number of 07632382262. It will pick you up at 6:45 at your hotel
.
Can you book reservations for the restaurant at 7:30|On what day and what size party?
2 people on a Monday I think please.|The restaurant has been booked for 7:30 on Monday for 2 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you|Do you need the reference number for the reservation at the restaurant?
Yes, I wasn't planning to book but since I have I suppose I'll take that number. That will be all for today - thank you for your help!|Glad to have been of service! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi! Can you tell me about some of the museums in Cambridge?|Certainly!  There are 23 museums in Cambridge.  Are there any particular type of museum that you are interested in?
Can you recommend one to me and give me the address?|Sure, the byard art's address is 14 king's parade
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee for the museum is free.   Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you find a restaurant in the south that serves creative food?|I'm sorry there are no restaurants that match your requests, is there another type of food?
How about on that serves Mexican food?|Yes, I have a place called Chiquito restaurant bar, does that sound like something you would enjoy?
Yes, could I book it for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday, please?|Certainly. I've booked you for 5 people at 12:00 at the Chiquito Restaurant Bar.
I am looking for a particular attraction, The Man on the Moon.|Sure. The Man on the Moon is located at 2 norfolk street and their telephone number is 01223474144.
Great, thank you for your help!|You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any vegetarian restaurants with moderate cost nearby there?|I apologize but there aren't any vegetarian restaurants with a moderate price range in the centre area.
How about Chinese? Is there any moderate priced Chinese places in the centre area?|There are three restaurants matching that search. Would you like me to book you a reservation for jinling noodle bar?
What about a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys?|frankie and bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 1 on Friday at 18:30, if that's available.|I'm sorry, but they're all full up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or a different time?
Yes can you see if 17:30 is available for that day?|Your table has been booked for Friday at 17:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 23GYHJG6. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd also like a taxi to go from The Man on the Moon to Frankie and Benny's, arriving by 17:30. I will need the contact number and car type, please.|Your car will be a blue bmw and the contact number is 07344209609. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for a particular attraction. It's called King's College, can you help me find some information about that place?|Sure. King's College is a free attraction on King's Parade in the center of town. Did you need more information?
Is this some place you would recommend?|If you are looking for a college to visit this one is free. It's located on King's Parade postcode cb21st. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I actually need a place to stay. I'd prefer somewhere in the moderate price range and with free parking.|We have 14 hotels that match that search. What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I would like for it to have a 4 star rating and be located in the east section of town.|There is Carolina bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House.  Do you have a preference?
If you could tell me hotel types of both and phone number please.|Both are guesthouses.  The number for the Carolina is 01223247015.  The number of the Warkworth is 01223362682.
Thank you! Can you help me book a taxi from the college to my hotel?|First I'll need to know which hotel you'll be staying at -- do you have a preference between the Carolina or the Warkworth?
I'll be staying at The Carolina Bed and Breakfast|What time would you like the taxi to pick you up at the college?
I'd like to leave by 6AM.|Awesome. We've got a grey Toyota at 07931363714 coming for you. Is that all?
Okay thank you. That is all I need for now.|That is all I need for now.
I need a expensive restraint om cambridge in the centre|I have several options for you.  What type of food are you interested in?  I can gladly book a reservation with a little more information.
My husband's family will be with us for a birthday dinner, so how about Italian. They are from an italian family.|Okay, how about Caffe Uno located on 32 Bridge Street?
Please book a table for 2 on Monday at 18:15.|Happy Birthday to your husband! Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is E3CNAP2.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and I am looking for things to do in the city centre.  Can you help me find something to do?|There is a lot to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you want?
I have no preference. Pick any for me and please tell me the attraction type, entrance fee and phone number.|All right. Great saint mary's church is one our many churches famous for Architecture. It's 2 pounds to get in, and their number is 01223350914.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves Korean food, and is located in the same area as Great saint mary's church.|Little Seoul is on 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Can you provide me with their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223308681
Thank you. Do you also book taxis? I would like one from Saint Mary's to the Little Seoul.|What time would you like to travel by taxi?
I want to leave the church by 1:00.|I have booked you a taxi. The car type is a yellow Audi and the contact number is 07332260834. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thanks alot. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves unusual food in the centre.|Unfortunately, I don't have any places that offer unusual food in the centre of town. Can I try a different area or type of cuisine for you?
What moderately priced restaurants are there?|The Oak Bistro is an excellent moderately priced restaurant located at 6 Lensfield Road.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book that for me.|Certainly. I just need to know the number of guests and the date and time that you would like me to book it for.
No but could I get the postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure, the address is 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg.  You can reach the Oak Bistro at 01223323361.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
i would like  a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a museum. Which one is your favorite?|I would recommend the primavera, located at 10 king s parade. There is no entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
I need the postcode for the museum also. And I need to book a taxi from The Oak Bistro to the Primavera, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 07:45.|I will work on getting this booked for you.
Okay did you book it? I need the contact number and car type.|The post code for the museum is cb21sj.  Please give me a moment to complete your taxi booking.
Okay. Once you're done, can I have the contact number and car type?|Yes of course, Please give me a few moments as I get this information.
Oh wait, before you book that. I am rethinking my restaurant choice. I need British food. Does Oak Bistro serve British food?|Yes, the Oak Bistro serves British Food.
Perfect, I'd love to have a British breakfast. Have you been able to book the taxi yet?|Yes, it's complete. The car type is a red Audi and contact number is 07084740824.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!|You are welcome!  I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge!  Please call us again if we can help you further.
I am looking for places to go and I would like something in the centre.|I have many options available in the centre. Is there a particular attraction type you are looking for?
I am looking for any type of attraction in the centre, just need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type.|I recommend all saints church. It is some nice architecture. There is no entrance fee and the phone number is 01223452587.
Great. I'm going to need a hotel too. It needs to be cheap but have a 4 star rating.|Sorry, there are hotels with that criteria. Would you like me to modify the area or some other part and look again?
I would like it to be in the same area as all saints church.|There are no cheap, 4 star hotels located in the same area as the All Saints Church. There is a guesthouse though that is cheap and has 4 stars.
Can you check again?|Sure. No. There is only a guesthouse called Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I guess you can book that then.  For two nights starting on Friday.|How many people will be staying in the room?
There will be 5 of us.|Great. I've booked your room for 2 days starting Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I also get a taxi to commute between the locations?|Absolutely! When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to leave by 6:30 am.|Your taxi is booked.  Look for a yellow lexus.  The contact number is 07461535393.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!|You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
I am interested in finding a great nightclub to take a friend to.|Cambridge has lots of great options. Club Salsa is quite popular and is in the centre.
That sounds great.  How much is the entrance fee?|The Club Salsa entry fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Perhaps their phone number?|The phone number is 07782218745.
Perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves Indian food? We are looking to accommodate 5 people at 17:30 on Monday.|I have found 4 restaurants. Do you have a preference of area? If not that Kohinoor in the centre is very popular.
Just book it on Monday please, for 5 at 17:30.|I've booked a table for 5 on Monday at 17:30. The reference number is MUBJSMLX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We need a taxi from Club Salsa that will get us to Kohinoor in time to eat.  Can you make that happen?|I have arranged for a black Honda to have you arrive at Kohinoor by 17:30. The contact number for the Taxi is 07997403672. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that was all that I needed today, thank you.|You're welcome! Have a good day.
Hi, I want to eat at an expensive seafood restaurant in Cambridge. Where can I go?|Lock Fyne is en expensive seafood restaurant located at 37 trumpington St.
I would like to book a table for Sunday|Okay. How many people will be dining with you?
It will be just myself at 11:45 for the booking.|Ok! Your table is booked for 11:45 on Sunday. Your reference number is V0ERUE79. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need help with?
I would also like to find some place to go in the south of town.|I have a wide variety of places. A cinema, museum, nightclub and entertainment. Is there a certain one you are interested in?
A nightclub sounds like fun. Recommend one please|Sure, how about "the place".  It is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number and postcode?|Sure thing the adddress is 22 sidney street and the post code is cb23hg.
I also need a cab by the booked time, contact number and car type please|Where are you departing from and going to?
The cab has to pick me up from the restaurant to the nightclub.|What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
Actually, I'm confused. I apologize. I'll need a taxi that will take me from the nightclub to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive by the booked time for the restaurant.|Booked car type is red skoda. Contact number is 07623852908. Anything else?
That will be all for today. Thank you so much. Goodbye|Have a good day.  Goodbye.
I need a local restaurant I can try while in Cambridge. I also need a 3 star moderately priced Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.|Okay. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I'm open to any kind of cuisine. Perhaps you can suggest one.|Why don't we start with the room since those fill up much faster and we'll come back to the restaurant. I have several options in guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range.|Is there a particular area you prefer?  I have guesthouses located in the North, South and West areas of town, which would you prefer?
I don't care, I just want it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|We have Hamilton Lodge, a 3-star guesthouse in the north that's moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book that for me.|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 16U7AL1E.
I would also like more info on the Rice Boat, it is a place to eat.|The Rice Boat is an expensive, Indian restaurant located at 37 Newnham Road, in the West area.
Will you book a table for 2 at 17:00 on Sunday?|You are booked at the rice boat. Your reference number is QWZXQ3XJ. Is there anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:00. I would need the phone number and the type of car.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from the hotel. Please give me the contact info and car type.|Your car is booked your car type is a grey ford and contact number is 07174899771
Thanks that's all I needed for today.|Okay, you are so welcome! Goodbye!
I'm going to cambridge and would like to know about places to go in town. I'm looking or a swimming pool attraction in the north.|Wonderful! There are two, one is between victoria road and the river and the other is jedburgh court and kigs hedges. Which would you like?
Choose the one with the best reputation for me. I will need the address and entrance fee as well please.|Kings Hedges Learner Pool is at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges and the postcode is cb42xh.
Thanks.  Can you help me find a Mediterranean restaurant as well?|There are 3 in the centre of town.  Do you prefer expensive or cheap?
I need it to be in the expensive price range and I'm looking for a table for 4.|There are 2 expensive mediterranean restaurants in the centre.  In order to determine which one can accommodate you, I'll need to know what day you'd like.
Monday, for 4 people at 15:00.|I was able to book you a table at the la mimosa for 4 people.Ref No is A6JHOS2N. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything Else?
Thank you. Going back to the Kings Hedges Learner Pool, what is the entrance fee?|Hmm, I can't find the information in the database unfortunately.
Do any of the swimming pools in the north show an entrance fee?|Unfortunately, none of them have a listed entrance fee. I would be happy to provide you their phone number so that you can call them for it if you like.
That's okay, but I would like to book a taxi between the two places, please.|I've booked your taxi, it will be a blue lexus with the contact number of 07039857311. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, the taxi should get me from the pool to the restaurant by 15:00, right?|Yes, that's correct. Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.|Okay, have a great day.
I'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|What area of town would you like?
I would like to go to the south area please.|On the south side, your options are the cinema, entertainment venues, museums, nightclubs, parks, and a theatre.
That's a lot of choices, how about nightclubs? Can you get me a couple of phone numbers for good ones? I'm hoping to catch DJ Squalour from Ibiza!|The only nightclub in the south is called the place on 22 sidney street. Phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like an expensive hotel with free parking.|I have places that fit that description all over town, except in the north. If area is no concern, I recommend the Gonville in the center of town.
Is it four star?|No, it only 3 stars.  The Huntington Marriott is 4 stars though.  It is also expensive and has free parking and internet.
Okay well now I need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by 17:45 to the attraction. I will need a contact number and car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07421633218
I want to confirm that the booked red Lexus is a taxi, as I previously requested?|Yes, it is! Anything else needed?
No that is it. Thank you!|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I need to book a taxi to take me to The Junction. I need it here by 18:15.|I'd be happy to help - where should the taxi pick you up? And just to confirm - you need to leave at 18:15?
Yes, leave by 18:15 and from La Margherita.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue volvo
Contact number	:	07423194148
Okay, thanks a lot. You have a great day.|You are welcome. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a specific hotel. Can you help me?|Absolutely! Which hotel is it?
the cambridge belfry. what is its price range?|It is in the cheap price range.
Thanks! I also need to find an expensive French restaurant to eat at.|Do you have an area preference?
Area, no, just that it's expensive and french.|Restaurant Two Two would suit your needs.  Its in the North area.Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
No, but can you please give me their address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to call them myself to ask about food allergies.|You can reach them at 01223351880. Their located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places|Sure, what time would you like the car for?
I'd like to leave the restaurant at 21:00.|There are many taxi services in town,which would you prefer ?
We would like recommendation of places we could go on the west side of town.|Do you have a type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to try indian food.|Sure, there are several options in that area.  Did you have a price range in mind?
i want something expensive|I have 5 indian restaurants in the west. If I may, might I suggest the Rice Boat. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
Yes, could you please book that.|For how many and what time and day would you like to eat?
I need a reservation for 5 people for 16:15 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 3IHPEMVX.
Great! Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the reservation time.|Where are you departing from?
I actually would like to hear about some attractions, then schedule my cab. Where are the fun places to go in town?|As far as attractions, we have all kinds, any preference on area of type of place?
I would like to find any type of attraction in the West, and would like a phone number please.|How about queens college? The phone number is 01223335511.
Sounds great, thanks! Can you please book me a taxi from Queens College to the restaurant, please? I need to arrive by the time of my reservation.|A white tesla will pick you up and take you to the Rice boat in time for your reservation. Your driver can be reached at 07114121468
Thanks so much for your help! That will be all today.|You're welcome. Glad I could be of assistance.
Hi, i need to book a taxi to go to funky fun house. I need to leave after 8:45.|Where will you leave from?
The taxi should depart from the cambridge punter|Alrighty. I have a grey ford for you with the contact number 07266756209. Anything else you need?
No thanks, just needed a taxi. Have a great day!|Thanks, I hope you have a wonderful day as well!
Hi, I'm shopping for colleges. Can you help me find one to visit in the city centre, please?|I have five. Is there one you would like to know about in particular?
Can you name them off for me?|Sure.  There are actually 13.  The first five we've got is Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Downing College, Emmanuel College and Gonville and Caius College.
Can I get the post code for Christ's College?|Sure, it's cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and in the centre of town.|Four star options in the centre of town are limited to the Alexander B&B, and the University Arms Hotel. Does price matter?
Yes, I would like to stay within the moderate price range, if possible.|no matches were found for your description, can we try something else perhaps?
I'm looking for boats to look at. Can you look in the south?|I'm afraid we don't have any boats in the south.  Would you like to try another area?
Are there any boats in the park?|There are only 4 boat attractions in town. Camboats in the east. Riverboat georgina is in the north. Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter are in the centre of town.
Thank you. Are there any parks in the south?|There are 2, both free. They are sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, and other  is wandlebury country park. Would you like information on either one?
Could I get the entrance fee for wandlebury country park please?|The park is free.  There is no entrance fee.
Could you help me find a restaurant in that area?|There are nine places in the south any preference on restaurant type or price range?
I'd like a moderately priced Italian place.|The Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is located in the South and has a moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Yes, I need to get their phone number and address, please.|Their phone number is 01223323737, and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, could you also book me a taxi between the two locations please?|I can arrange a car for you if you'll tell me whether you'll be travelling from the park to the restaurant or vice-versa, and tell me the date and time.
I need to leave the park by 16:15.|Booking was successful. Expect a grey Lexus. Their number is 07386542982. Anything else?
Thank you for all your help. That should be everything today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.
I need a tax to cambridge train station.|Where would you like to be picked up?
I'm at kymmoy|When would you like your taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at 21:30.|Ok. I have booked for you a red skoda and the contact number is 07618237831. Anything else I can help you with?
That covers everything. Thanks so much. Goodbye.|Goodbye and thank you for your patronage.
I need a taxi from finches bed and breakfast to Ian hong house.  Please be here at 13:45.  What is your phone number?  What type of car?|Can you please provide me with a destination and arrival time? Thank you.
I need to arrive to Ian hong house by 13:45.|Your taxi is booked. Your car is a blue volkswagen and contact number is 07602572766
Thanks so much. That is all I needed.|Great, have a wonderful visit and a fantastic day.  Thank you.
What can you tell me about Magdalene College?|Magdalene College is located in the west area of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.
I do, actually. I'd also like to find a good place to dine in the east. Do you know of any Swiss restaurants in that area?|Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any Swiss options in the east. Could I help you with anything else?
Hmm, I was really looking forward to Swiss food. Ok, how about an indian restaurant in the east instead?|That we can do. We have two moderately priced and two expensive Indian restaurants in the east.
what are the two expensive indian restaurants?|Sitar Tandoori and Pipasha Restaurant are the expensive options.
Could you please book a table at Sitar Tandoori for 4 people on Sunday?|Of course! What time would you prefer?
I would like the booking to be for 13:00 .|I am sorry I was unable to book that.  Is there another day or time that works for you?
That's okay, maybe 12:00 will work? Try that please?|I booked you for 4 at 12.00 on Sunday. Your reference number is YJCTZH5F. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Ok I have a blue toyota picking you up the contact number is 07029466414
Thank you for all your help. I have all the information I need. Goodbye|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I need to book a taxi.|I can help with that? What are your departure and destination sites, and what time do you need it?
I need to leave from ely and get to sidney sussex college by 14:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue honda
Contact number	:	07229655312
Thanks so much! That'll be it for me for today.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7 if you need help with anything else. Have a great day.
i  want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to little saint mary's church and should leave after 05:45.|What is your departure site?
I am departing from el shaddai. Can you provide me with  what car will be picking me up and contact number?|Yes, it's booked for you!
Booked car type	:	black lexus
Contact number	:	07566754071
Thank you.  I think that is all I need today.|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I need a taxi to leave at 3 45 and get me from the cambridge belfry|Where will you be going to?
I will be going to the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|Ok I have a red bmw with contact number 07932775805 booked for you.
Ok thank you for your assistance.|No problem.  Are you finished?
I need a taxi to pick me up after 21:25 at The Cambridge Belfry.|And where are you going?
The taxi should go to the gardenia.|Your taxi will pick you up at 21:30. It is a grey Honda.
I'll also need the contact number please.|The contact number is 07650376516.
Than you, I think that's all I need for now.|Thank you for using our services.
I need a taxi to come to royal standard and take me to maharajah tandoori restaurant.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know, what time you would like to leave/arrive?
I need to leave after 14:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07248386378
I need a taxi to take me to fitzbillies restaurant|I would be happy to book that for you, where do you need picked up from?
From Kings lynn train station.|Ok, and what time will you need to arrive/leave?
I need to leave after 20:00 please.|Great. We have a black volkswagen booked for you. The driver's phone number is 07477854911
Thank you goodbye|welcome again next time
Hi, I'm really looking forward to coming to Cambridge. You have an Express by Holiday Inn, right?|Yes we do have one Express Holiday Inn. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next Saturday.|Sure, how many days would you like to stay?
I just need their postcode and price range please. I will book it myself later.|No problem! The postcode is cb13llh and price range is listed as expensive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking to visit The Fez Club during my stay. May I have their phone number?|Sure. Their number is 01223519224. May I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to take me from The Fez Club to my hotel please.|I can book that for you. Can you give me a departure time?
I want to leave the Fez Club by 17:00.|I booked a red Volkswagen to pick you up at The Fez Club by 17:00.  The contact number is 07404417573.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That was it. Thanks for your help!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need a place to stay. What's available on the west side, with free wifi?|There are 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses with free wifi in the west side. Which type of place do you want?
I'm looking for something with a 4 star rating and also free parking. Is anything like that available?|How about price range what do you prefer there?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Any price range is fine as long as it meets my other criteria. Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Huntingdon Marriott hotel. It's address is kingfisher way hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon, postcode pe296fl. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I do need a reservation.|How many people and how long will your stay be for?
6 people and for a week.|What day will you be checking in?
I will want to start from Monday on.|Okay the booking was successful starting on Monday for a week for six people.  Your reference number is 6J7RDABU. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need information about a restaurant don pasquale pizzeria.|This is an italian restaurant.  Their phone number is 01223350106  Their addres is 12 Market Hill City Centre CB23NJ. May I make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at 11:30 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JRA6G1IN. Anything else I can help you with?
I need to get a taxi. I want to go from the Huntingdon to get to Don Pasquale by 11:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07029440032
That will be all for today! Thanks so much for your help!|Have a nice day.
I would love to locate a hotel that includes wifi and parking in its prices.|There are several hotels that have wifi and parking. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No specific area, but I would like a guesthouse type of hotel.|There are 21 hotels that match your criteria. Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Sure! Can I have the address and the area it's located in?|The Acorn Guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, cb41da. It is located in the north part of town.
Okay great. Thank you so much.|You are most welcome!
I am also looking for a park to visit, can I get the postcode of one?|Sure! milton country park is at cb46az. It's free admission .
Free is perfect. That will leave me extra to book a taxi from my hotel.|I can book your taxi for you if you would like, would you care to go ahead and book one?
I need the taxi to commute and I have to leave the hotel by 14:00, can I get their contact number and car type please.|It is a black volkswagen. The number is 07563800570. It will be there at 14:00 to take you to milton county park
Great! Thank you so very much!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
I need information on the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House, please.|Sure. The guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the south part of town. It is moderately priced and offers free wifi and free parking.
That is good. Can I please book it?|Of course! How many guests will be visiting and how many days would you like to stay? When would you like to begin your stay?
Before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the north area?|In the north we have riverboat georgina, milton country park, jesus green outdoor pool, and kings hedges learner pool. Are you interested in learning more about any of these?
What is the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?|The entrance fee for the Milton Country Park is free. Are you interested in learning about other sites in the north?
The Milton Park will do wonderfully, I will need a cab.|Thank you for the information. I will call a cab presently. Enjoy your stay at The Milton, it was a pleasure.
I need to find a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.|I have lots of options for you. Do you prefer a certain area or type of food?
Cheap world food, please.|We don't have any of those unfortunately. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Yeah, how about a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?|I have three places, would you prefer it still be cheap or would expensive work as well?
I would still like cheap please.|That would be the gardenia, at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you give me the postcode, please?|Certainly.  The post code is cb2311
I also need a place to stay in the centre. 1 star, please.|I don't have any 1 star hotels but I have a 0 star hotel called El Shaddai in the Centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about any with 4 stars?|Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre.  Will that be okay?
Yes, please book me for one person. Do they have internet and what is their phone number?|Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223525725. In order to book that for you, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
I do not need the hotel booked, but I do need to schedule a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|Okay, when would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.|Great! You're booked with a black tesla and the contact number is 07413441845. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers it all. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Thank you. Have a great day!|You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and you can always let us know if you need any more assistance.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.|We have four such hotels. Do you have a preferred location or type?
Location doesn't matter really, I would like it to be moderately priced with a 3 star rating.|How about Hamilton Lodge? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the North with 3 stars and free wifi and parking!
That sounds good. I want to make a booking for 5 people. We need to stay for 5 nights starting on Friday.|OK, your hotel is booked. Friday for 5 nights for 5 people at Hamilton lodge. Ref# is 9TUYXWW9. May I help with something else?
Could you also help me find a swimmingpool in town? let me know what area it is in.|There are a few.  Do you have a preference in location?
No preference, but close to the hotel would be good.|Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river.
That sounds good.  I will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool.  I'd like to leave the pool at 04:30 please.|Sure.  I booked a Grey Volkswagen for you.  It will pick you up at the pool at 4:30.  The contact number is 07941682445. Is there anything else?
That's all I need! Thank you!|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some suggestions.  I am looking for places to go in town.|Can I ask you some questions about the types of places you want to go while you're in Cambridge?
The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.|The Vue Cineme is in the Grafton Centre, on East Road. Do you need any more information?
What is the postcode for The Vue Cineme?|The postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. I do need free wifi.|I have one place.Shall I book it?
Sure, I'll be coming in on Sunday with one other person. We'll be staying for 3 nights.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is UOE033DZ. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the hotel?|Absolutely, when did you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 23:30.|For me to book your Taxi  what time you will like to arrive?
You don't need an arrival time. I told you my departure time is 23:30. That should be enough. Please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it|Your car will be a white Ford, and their contact number is 07378026406. Need anything else?
I am also looking for an attraction.|What kind of attraction are you looking for, and in what area?
I would like to find a cinema.|The Vue Cinema meets your requirements.
Thank you that is all for now.|Okay, goodbye. It was a pleasure assisting you.
We are interested in attractions in the center of the city.|little saint maryschurch  01223366202
Ok, that sounds interesting.  Can you give me the street address?|How about the vue cinema at the grafton centre, east road?
Oh, I like that one. Thank you! Okay, I also need information about a hotel called Kirkwood House.|The Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the North side.  It has a 4 star rating and the price is moderate.  It has internet and parking.
Great, thank you for all your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please book me a taxi so I can travel between my hotel and the Cinema|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by 3:30.|I need to know the name of the cinema you're going to, before I can complete the booking. Did you need assistance with finding a particular cinema?
why don't you suggest one and give me the address please, that's why I contacted you to help me|The Vue Cinema in the centre is great. Their address is The Grafton Centre, East Road.
I actually need a taxi from little saint marys church to the Kirkwood House.  I'll need to leave the church by 3:30.|A blue honda will pick you up at little saint mary's church at 03:30 and take you to kirkwood house. You can reach the driver at 07663499793
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Yes I am looking to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|Okay.  There are 18 guesthouses that match your request.  Is there a particular area you are interested in?
I am looking for one with free parking and moderate in price|The Archway house matches all of your preferences. Would you like me to create a booking?
Yes, that would be great. I would like my check-in to be on Saturday. I will be staying for 2 nights and there will be a total of 5 people.|The Archway House is in the north area of town. Does that work for you?
Yes, and I would also like you to include the reference number for the booking.|i have that booked for you and here is your Reference number is : EZ2LETN6
Great! I'm also looking for a place called the Fez Club. What kind of attraction is that?|The Fez Club is a nightclub in Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I get the phone number for The Fez? I'll also need a taxi.|The number to the Fez Club is 01223519224.  When will you need the taxi?
I want to leave Fez by 17:45|Sure, I booked a Blue Ford that will pick you up at the Fez Club at 17:45.  Contact Number 07305507614. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|My pleasure. Have a good day.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.|We have lots of those!  Is there a particular type of food you'd like?
not really but i need it for 3 people|I recommend La Raza - fantastic (and cheap!) Spanish cuisine. I'd be happy to book a table for you, if you like.
Yes for 3 at 14:45 wednesday, can I get the reference number too please|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IBTN1DDC.
Thanks. I also need a cheap place to stay in the center.|That gives you two options. Both are guesthouses. Both offer free parking and free wifi. The Alexander B&B is 4 star rated. The El Shaddai has a 0 rating.
What is the price of the Alexander?|It is a cheap place.
ok, i need to book it for the same day.|Okay for how many nights and how many people?
3 nights, 3 people, please.|You are all booked for the alexander bed and breakfast! Your reference number is 66XCD1XW. Is there anything else you need?
I would like a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I would like to arrive by 14:45. I would like the contact number and car type.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The car type is blue Lexus. The contact number is 07881581074.
Okay thank you,that's all I need for now.|Thank you for using our service today.
Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day.
You have a wonderful day as well and again, thank you!|You're very welcome! Bye!
I am looking for a place to stay that is named aylesbray lodge guest house. Could you give me some information about it?|Alyesbray Lodge Guest house is in the south. It is in the moderate price range and has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. We're a group of six and we'd like to stay for two nights. We want to check in on Tuesday.|Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2V9TM90Z.
Thank you, can you give me information on museums in the east side?|Cambridge museum of technology	is a museum on the east side of town.
That sounds interesting! Can you give me their address and postcode, please? And how much is it to get in there?|It's 5 pounds for the entrance fee. Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, and phone number is 	01223368650
Thank you. I need a taxi to leave my hotel at 16:15 to go to the museum please.|I'd love to help! When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I'd like to leave by 16:15, please.|You're all set! I've booked your taxi, so keep an eye out for a red volkswagen at 16:15. Your contact number is 07554925977. Anything else for today?
Sorry, could I please get the postcode for the museum?|Sure. The postcode of the museum is cb58ld. Anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay at the Alyesbray Lodge guest house and your visit to the Cambridge Museum of Technology!
Yes I am looking for a expensive place to dine in the centre of Cambridge|We have quite a few expensive restaurants...what type of foods are you interested in?
I am not particular about the type of food. I need it in Centre though.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre.  Are you sure we can't narrow it down by type of food?
Yes, just give me a name. I'd also like to know what type of food it serves. Once I know all that I need the postcode.|How about Midsummer house restaurant? It is british food and the postcode is cb41ha.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in town?|The ashley hotel is in the north and has a moderate price range.
Does it include free wifi?  What is the star rating?|The Ashley has 2 star and offers both free wifi and free parking.
Do you have any 4 star, moderately priced hotels in that area?|No, there are no 4 star hotels in the north in that price range. Would you like to change the pricerange or area?
How about one with the same features but in the expensive price range?|The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the north with free internet and parking. Does that work for you?
Yes, I also need postcode, the area of the hotel and leave the restaurant by 20:15. I need a taxi to commute between both, the contact number and car type.|Let's start with the Acorn Guest House information. The postcode for that is cb41da and the hotel is located in the north.
Okay thank you. Now about that taxi?|Ok, for the taxi. Do you need one going from the Acorn to the Midsummer House or from the Midsummer House to the Acorn Guest House?
From the Acorn to the Midsummer House.|Okay, I've got a red Tesla for you with contact number 07378062767 leaving at 20:15.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!|You're very welcome, have a great day!
Hello. I'm looking for a place to dine tonight. I wouldn't like anything expensive, and I'd prefer something in the city center.|Great, I've found 15 different restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is Would you like a chinese Restaurant?
Yes, a Chinese restaurant would be great. Could you please give me the telephone number?|The telephone number to a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre is 01223361763.
Is there anything else I can help you with?|Would you like me to book something for you?
No thank you. I will call them myself.|Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I would like to find a cheap place to stay that has 4 stars and has free parking.|I have found 8 places that match what you want, would you like me to book one of them for you?
No thanks, but I do need the phone number of one of those hotels, please. Oh, and can you tell me if they have free wifi?|Allenbell has free WiFi, and their phone number is 01223210353
Thank you, now all I need is transportation from the restaurant to the staying place. I would like to leave at 24:15.|I have booked White Skoda taxi service to take you from the Chinese restaurant to the hotel.  Their contact number is 07692230366.
Thank you.  Can you verify what type of vehicle will be transporting us?|Yes, it will be a White Skoda.
Thank you for your help today, it is greatly appreciated.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thats it. Thanks. Good day to you. Bye.|Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a high scale chinese restaurant.|We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specfic part of town?
Yes, I do. I would like it to be in the north.|May I suggest Hakka, a very nice Chinese Restaurant in the north part of town. Shall I provide you with more information?
No but can I make a booking for 8 people at 18:30 on sunday.|I have made those reservations your reference number is  61KTQSEO.
Thank you so much for your help|You're welcome is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, get me some more information on magdalene college please|Yes their address is Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138.
What is their postcode?|The post code is cb41jy. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from Magdalene to Hakka, please? I need to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Your taxi is a blue volkswagen . The contact number is 07121936050
Great! Thanks for all your help today! Goodbye|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant called thanh binh in Cambridge.|Thanh Binh serves cheap vietnamese food and is located in the west. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, can I have the phone number please?|Sure. The phone number is 0122362456. Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I am searching for a particular attraction named old schools.|I have old schools located in centre. The entrance fee is free. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, please provide more information about Old Schools.  What type of attraction is it?|Old Schools is a place to see some amazing architecture.
Could I get the address and postcode please?|It is located on Trinity Lane with a postcode of cb21tt. Can I be of further assistance?
I will need a taxi to commute between Thanh Binh and Old Schools. I need to leave Thanh Binh by 02:00.|I was able to book that taxi service for you. You will be in a yellow Tesla. The contact number for them is 07657268211.
Thank you very much! That's all for today.|Your welcome and goodbye!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge. I was hoping to find the attraction called magdalene college.|Magdalene College is located in the west part of Cambridge. What information would you like about the college?
I'd like the postcode and address, please.|Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street with a postcode of CB30AG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find the Ashley Hotel, please.|The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel on the north side of town. Would you like assistance booking a room there?
Yes. I'd like to book a room on Friday for 2 nights for 7 people.|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day, or a different length of stay?
How about just for 1 night? Can I also get a reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is ZR1YUZB1.
Thank you. I also need a taxi from the college to the hotel, please.|I would be happy to book a taxi for you, what time would you like to leave the college by?
I'd like to leave the college by 7:00.|Your booking with a white ford has been completed. The contact number is 07979324338 and you will leave at 7:00.
Thank you that is all, good bye.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Taxi to de luca cucina and bar please|What time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive by 15:30, please.|Do you want a taxi now ?
I would like an inexpensive hotel on the west side of town.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel on the west side and is inexpensive.  Their phone number is 01954714600.
Okay, how about Mexican food in the south? I'll be needing a table for 4 this Friday.|Chiquito restaurant and bar is in the south area, what time would you like me to book your 4 people for?
yes four people for Friday at 17:30|The table has been booked. Your reference number is PQPB99PP. Can I help you with anything else?
What can you tell me about Finches Bed and Breakfast? What area are they in?|finches bed and breakfast Is in the west, it is cheap, 4 star guesthouse, free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
Can I get their postcode please?|Postal is cb30nd, and if you need to call them they can be reached at 01223276653, any thing else that I can assist with?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.|i booked your taxi. it will be a blue lexus coming. their phone number is 07566783718.
That's great. Everything is set. Thank you for helping me. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
i need a plcae to stay with free parking no interned is needed|Do you have a price range or a location in mind?
Yes, It needs to be in the east and be a cheap hotel.|The only places that meet your requirements are guesthouses.  Is that alright?
That is okay with me. What is one of them?|They are all cheap, located on the east, and get 4 stars. Allenball is located at 517a Coldham Lane. Would you like more information?
Does it have free wifi?|The Allenbell actually does have internet. Are you interested in booking a room?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Okay, your books was successful and your reference number is E1WOL6YH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you find a restaurant called riverside brasserie for me, please?|got it right here they serve modern european food would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, 11:15 7 people on Saturday.|your all set conf # is LXVWB431, anything else for you today?
That will be all thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
Actually, I do need a taxi, please. I need to get from the hotel to the restaurant for that reservation.|Your taxi is book. The car is a black Tesla and the contact number is 07856554811. Do you assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|We hope you enjoy your time in the city. Bye.
Can you set up a taxi to loch fyne from hakka for me?|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I actually need to leave after 23:00|I've just booked a taxi for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need the car type and contact number.|Ok it's a white volvo and the contact number is 07915907755.
Got it, thanks. Goodbye.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
So I'm planning a trip and I need some information about where to stay in the North. I prefer hotels with free parking|sure, i have 11 options for you
north 2 star  and should include free wifi|Can I recommend the Lovell Lodge and make you a reservation?
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8FI2LR0P.
Thank you. I would also like to find a Chinese restaurant in the same area. Can you let me know what is available?|You have your choice of Hakka or The Hotpot, in luxury options, or the moderately priced Golden Wok.
The Hakka sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people on friday?|What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like it at 18:45.|I was able to book the table for you per your request.  Your  reference number is : 1WEOP8WM. Is there anything else you need help with?
I also need a cab to get me to and from both places. I need the contact # and car type|Will you be going from the Lodge to the restaurant? And what time do you want to leave or arrive?
To the restaurant, I would like to arrive before the reservation time of 18:45.|OK, look for a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07361322317. Can I help with anything else today?
That'll be everything thanks!|Alright, have a lovely day. Goodbye.
I'm at Kettle's Yard and need a taxi to pick me up by 19:30.|I would be happy to help with your request, what is your destination?
I want to go to castle galleries.|What time would you like to arrive at Castle Galleries?
I need to leave after 19:30.|Your booking is complete, a red ford will be picking you up.
Thank you, what is the contact number?|The contact number is 07833391546. Do you have any other questions?
No.  Thank you for your assistance.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Could you help me with some information please?  I am looking for a place to stay.|Of course, do you have a price range in mind?
no. it should free packing and located in the west|We have many great hotels.  Do you have a preference of star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter, thanks|If thats the case here is a nice hopital Addenbrookes Hospital
uhm, i definitely don't want to sleep in a hospital.|Sorry about that! how about a and be guest house?
Okay. Also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves European food.|Sure thing what price range are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|The Cambridge Lodge restaurant is in the west. The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else to help you?
Yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at 14:00|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 7LDNJZEE. anything else?
Great. I also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Picked up at the hotel and sent to the restaurant by the booking time please.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a grey Tesla. Please call 07177768413 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Glad to have helped!
I need to book a taxi from kirkwood house.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07866666313. Can I do anything else for you today?
What type of car is it going to be?|The car arriving will be a white BMW.
I forgot something. I need to arrive by 21:00.|What will your destination be?
I'm going to efes restaurant.|Is there anything else you need to know?
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel that is cheap. It doesn't need to have free parking.|I have found 10 hotels that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other criteria you have so we can narrow down your choices some more?
Yes, the hotel need to have free wifi.|All 10 of the places to stay have free wifi. Do you have a preference of a hotel or guest house? Or possibly a price or a number of stars?
No, I just need one of them that is cheap with wifi.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast?
Yea that sounds good. Can I book for 5 people and 4 nights starting Friday|I'm sorry, that booking wasn't successful. Perhaps try another day or maybe shorten your stay?
Can we try for 2 nights?|Yes, that worked. I've got you booked with reference number GR86A29T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to go in the city centre.|we've got plenty  of attractions in the centre of town, can you narrow down your interests please?
Looking for a place to stay, can you help me pick?|I can we have 33 locations, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I want a guesthouse that has free parking.|I could recommend the Acorn Guest House.  It is in the North area and has a moderate price range.
Could you please book it for 6 people staying 5 nights from Friday?|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1PCQYQ0P
Excellent.  I'm also looking for a place to visit.  Can you tell me if there are any colleges in the centre area?|I'd recommend christ's college on saint andrews street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all?
Thanks that was all I needed.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.|You have a lot of great choices. Can we narrow your search with a type of cuisine you'd like or would like to avoid?
Thank you. I would really like african food if possible.|Bedouin is the only African restaurant in town, but they're not cheap. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
would you like me to book it for you ?|would you like me to book it for you ?
yes, please. 7 people at 17:00 for saturday|Ok, your table has been booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 12UC21E9. Can I assist you further today?
Thank you. Yes, I am also looking for an attraction in the same area of town.|There are many to chose from in that area, might I recommend all saints church? Or are you looking for something specific?
That attraction works, can I have more information?|Sure! It is located on Jesus Lane, CB58BS. The entrance fee is free and their phone number is 01223452587.
Okay, great. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volkswagen. If you need to contact the company, please call 07745957950.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome! Bye!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are over 20 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
I'm in the mood for some Mexican food. Is there a restaurant of that type in the center of town? If so, I'll need address and postcode.|It doesn't look like there are any Mexican restaurants in the centre at all. Would you like to try any other kind of restaurant?
Well let's try another type of food that is moderately priced. What do you suggest?|Bloomsbury Restaurant is an international restaurant that offers a variety of food. It is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street CB23DT. Their phone number is 08719429180.
Im also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant.|I'm sorry, there isn't any entertainment in the centre.  Could you be more specific as to what you are looking for?
Could you help me find a nightclub, please?|Yes I have many. Would you like me to suggest one?
Yes, that could be great.|How about Club Salsa. I hear that it's pretty great for a night out. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, I would also like to get a taxi too. I would like to know the contact number and car type also.|Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road and their entrance fee is 5 pounds. From where to where do you need a taxi?
I want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What times were you thinking about leaving and arriving?
I'd like to leave Club Salsa by 21:30, definitely don't want to be there when things start to get exciting!|What about an arrival time to your destination?
It doesn't matter.|I was able to book a red skoda phone number 07453096254
thank you that will be all|Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
For sure.  Goodbye now.|good day and welcome again
I need to find a 4 star hotel in the north|I found several guesthouses.  There are many in the moderate price range, and one in the cheap range.  Do you have a preference?
A moderate price range is fine and I need it to have free parking as well.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It's moderately priced and has free parking.
Yes please book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting monday for me.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is  DXD1MDA6.
I'm also interested in finding a good Chinese food place near the hotel. Can you help me find one?|There are three choices.  Hakka and the hotpot which is expensive and golden wok which is moderate, do you have a preference?
I'll take Hakka. Can you book me a table on Monday at 15:00 for 4 people?|I've reserved your table at Hakka on Monday, 15:00, for 4 people. Your reference number is K6D87RRX. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant and back to the hotel.|You are booked to arrive at the restaurant by three, look for a blue ford, the driver can be contacted by phone at 07232608741
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant called HK Fusion.|Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would love a reservation for Tuesday for 3 people at 19:15 please.|Your booking is taken care of, your reference number is AMF28NF1.  May I help with anything else?
Wonderful. Yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the west?|Absolutely. There are some wonderful attractions in that area. Would you like something free?
Sure thing. And could I get the postcode for it too?|I would recommend The Museum of Classical Archaeology the post code is cb39da. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a booking and the reference number.|How many tickets do you need?
I'll need tickets for three and I will also need you to book at taxi for us as well.  We want to be sure we make our dinner reservation.|If you want tickets to the museum, I suggest calling because my system cannot book tickets there. However, I did book you a red honda taxi. Contact # 07125574680
Thanks so much! That will be all for today.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a park east of town with a playground.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is a park which matches your requirements, would you like directions?
could you kindly tell me of the entrance fee?|It's free to enter!
Perfect, I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant.  Can you help me with that too?|May I suggest Rajmahal, it is an Indian Restaurant in the same area as the Park you will be visiting. Shall I provide you with more information?
Does it serve North African or bristish foods?|It serves Indian food.  Would you like me to search for North African or British?
British food please and thank you|I only have italian food in that area.
Ok that will have to do then.  Please give me the reference number and have the taxi commute between both places, car type and contact info please.|Where do you want to leave from? The park or the restaurant? What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would only require arriving to the restaurant by the booked time.|We have actually not completed a restaurant booking yet. Can you repeat your criteria as it got a little confusing before. Once I reserve it, we can do the taxi.
I want British food at a moderate price.|There are no British restaurants.
North American food? I need a reservation for 7 at 19:30 on Friday. Also a taxi to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, car type and contact number.|What time would you like to leave?
I just need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay your booking is as follows: a white Tesla will pick you up and your contact number is 07715015033.
.
Thank you. That is all I need.|There are several British food places at moderate price in centre town and one in the west. Should I recommend one and which area do you prefer: centre or west?
Hi! I'd like a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking, please.|Were you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
I'm trying to stay on the east, if possible.|I have 5 of them in the east. Three of them are cheap and two are moderate priced. Did you have a preference?
The price doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|I would recommend the allenbell.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does have free wifi.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Not yet. What is their phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223210353.
Great and what is their post code?|postcode, is cb13js, address is 517a coldham lane, internet and parking is included and price is cheap.  Can I help with anything else?
Would you also find me a hotel in the same area?|In the east, I have 6 different guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a preference?
No, that's OK.  The Allenbell is great.  What i need is information on boat attraction in the same pay off town.|Do you want me to book that hotel for you?
I'd just like the phone number and postcode for now. Thank you.|The phone number and post code are: 01223210353 and cb13js.  Camboats is a boating attraction in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes I will need a taxi to get me to the attraction by 08:15.|Will you be getting picked up from allenbell?
No I want to leave Camboats at 08:15 and go to the hotel.|A red audi will pick you up and the contact number is 07026466566. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i'm looking for university arms hotel|University Arms Hotel is an expensive 4-star hotel in the Centre of town on Regent Street. The hotel has internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I need 3 nights for 1 person starting from Saturday and the reference number.|I've got it booked!  Here's your reference number: 8QBUV7UM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go on the west side of town.  Can you suggest some places?|Do you have any preferences in the type of activity? Museums? Entertainment? Colleges?
A museum would be fine. I'll just need to know the entrance fee.|lynne strover gallery which is my favourite has free entrance.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places|Sure, which direction will you need to travel and when?
From the hotel to the museum, leaving by 22:00.|Ok.  I was able to book a yellow bmw for you.  The contact number is 07465102447.
Thanks for all of your help!|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service today. Hope you have a good day.
Please help me arrange for a taxi|Where is your departure site?
I'd like to leave aylesbray lodge guest house by 12:15|Ok, and what is your destination please?
I'm going to ask.|Ok, please let me know when you know.
Ok, we want to be at the tall monument.|I do not see anything called Tall Monument. Is there another name for it?
We actually want to go to Ask.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow audi
Contact number	:	07180084574
Just to be sure a yellow taxi will get me from aylesbray lodge guest house to Ask by 12:15, correct?|No, you will be picked up in a grey ford, contact number 07998569074, is that ok?
I'd like something fun to do while I'm in Cambridge.|There are many different attractions in town.  Did you have a certain type of activity in mind?
I'm looking for some entertainment in the south part of town.|You have a choice of Nusha or Tenpin.
get me their post code and phone number.|Okay, Nusha's post code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin's postcode is cb17dy and phone number is 	08715501010.
Thanks. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay for the night?|sure, i have 10 options for you!
I need it to be in the west and I would prefer a hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is located in the West is cheap, and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does it have free parking ?|Yes it does! Do you want me to book now?
Can you just tell me the address please?|It's located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Please! Can you help me book a taxi to Nusha? I'd like to leave the hotel by 14:30 to make sure I get to Nusha too early to enjoy myself.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white lexus
Contact number	:	07607123789
Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a great trip.
thanks and great day|you too have a great day
I want a nice park to visit while i'm in town.|Great! You might like Milton Country Park in the north. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address please?|Their address is milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need your help finding a moderately-priced place to eat in the south part of town.|Of course. Would you prefer Italian at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton or Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern european?
I want Italian, so let's go with Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.|Great, they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Could I get a postcode and a phone number?|The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223323737.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 10:15. Can you help?|What will be your departure site?
I'd like to leave Milton Country Park by 10:15 and go to Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.|Just to clarify, would you like to arrive at milton country park by 10:15 or leave the park by 10:15?
I want to leave the park by 10:15.|Thank you, I have booked you a grey ford taxi, the contact number is 07348401469. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need now. Thanks.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'd like a european food place in the west please.|Then you want the cambridge lodge restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  I would like a table for 2 on Thursday at 20:00.|OK, I made your reservation. Do you want your reference number now?
Yes, please. And then I will need you to help me find a place to stay.|Reference number is : IA42WAOZ.  What type of place are you looking for, a hotel or a guestroom?
Actually, either is fine. But I would like something moderately priced that offers free wifi.|I would recommend the Ashley Hotel, it is in the north, and moderately priced.
What amenities does the Ashley Hotel have?  I need free parking, free wifi, and 4 stars.|It has free parking and wifi; however it is only a 2 star hotel.  Would you like me to search for a different hotel?
Yes please search for something that is four stars.|There are no 4 star hotels matching your criteria. I can however book you a 3-star or 2-star hotel if you want
No, I would like for it to be 4 stars. Is there another area you can check?|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, how about a 3 star?|I am sorry there are no 3 star hotels that match your criteria. There is however a few 3 star guesthouses. Would you like to book a guesthouse?
I would have liked a hotel but if there is none then a guesthouse works for me|There are 3 star guesthouses in the south, north and west.  Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend one?|Sure! I recommend the Hamilton Lodge. Would you like for me to book a room?
I need their info. Address and phone number.|Their phone number is 01223365664 and their addres is 156 Chesterton Road, postcode CB4 1DA. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, please. I need to get there by the reservation time.|You got the blue toyota enjoy the ride.
thnks alot. you have been of help|Glad to be of your service. Is there anything else?
I just need the contact number for the taxi, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue toyota
Contact number	:	07013802794
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all for today.|thank you for choosing us
I like you no problem.|Thanks for using our service today!
I'm looking for a latin american restaurant in the moderate price range.|we don't have that in our records. can you change the type of food?
Can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the south that serves latin american food?|There are no restaurants available matching what you mentioned.
How about Italian food. You do have Italian restaurants don't you. Moderately priced and in the south area would work fine for me.|The only moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south part of town is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at 18:30 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : AM10LQ20.
That's great.  Thank you.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 4 star hotel?|yes and which area would you be interested in ?
The area does not matter. But, I need it to be an actual hotel and have 4 stars.|Sure there are a few options.  Did you have a price range you were looking for?
No particular price range, but I would like free parking.|How about huntingdon marriott hotel?
Sure, I need the reservation to be for 4 people.|And what nights would you like me to reserve for you?
Four nights starting Sunday|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : LNRXN5ZT.
Thank you, can I also book a taxi?|Yes, where would you like to go to and from?
I need it to go from the restaurant to the hotel.|I can book you a taxi from Pizza Hut to Huntingdon Marriot, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be at the restaurant by 18:30 for my reservation, the pick up time doesn't matter to me.|I'm sorry I need clarification. Do you need a taxi to the restaurant or to the hotel?
it should be to the hotel|Okay. Then to book I will need to know what time you want to either leave the restaurant or what time you'd like to arrive at the hotel by.
I'm sorry. Let me clarify. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and I want to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue bmw
Contact number	:	07611077714
I'm sorry for all the confusion on this call, and I appreciate your patience. Thank you. Goodbye!|No worries. You have a great day. Goodbye.
I would like to stay at a hotel in the east, please.|express by holiday inn cambridge meets your criteria.
Does it have 4 stars?|I am sorry, but that hotel does not have a 4 star rating, would you like another option?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the east?|there are 5 four star guesthouses in the east
Can I book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and get the reference number?|Great, you're booked with reference number Y5Z7GN2R. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a gastropub near the hotel.|How about Royal Standard? It's a gastropub located at 290 Mill Road City Centre
Excellent. One more thing: is that in the expensive price range?|Yes, royal standard is an expensive gastropub.
Terrific. Can you book a table for the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and provide me with the reference number?|Booking was successful for the royal standard. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 4W94X4GE. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by 11:45|I've booked you a taxi from "a and b guest house" to "royal standard." The car is a blue audi and the Contact number is 07009978153.
Great! I think that's all I need today. Thank you for you help!|Thank you for using our service. Please contact us again if we can be of further assistance.
i need a place to stay|OK, what area or price range do you have in mind?
No particular price range but I would like for it to have free parking internet with a 2 stars.|You have a choice of three, two in the North and one in the west.
North work for me, Ill go with what you pick, just need the price range, hotel type and postal code so I can plan ahead.|Ashley hotel is nice. It's a moderately priced hotel in the north. The postcode is cb41er. Can I book it for you?
Not yet.  Do you have a price range for that hotel?|It is moderately priced.
Does it have a pool?|I am unsure but it does have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I do need a reservation.|When will you start your stay and for how long?
You know what? I think I'm going to hold off on the hotel reservation right now. Is there a swimiming pool near there?|There are two, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool.
is one of them free?|Neither prices are listed and can vary by season and day, you would have to call them, jesus green can be reached at 01223302579, kings hedges at 01223353248, any preference?
YES , i could want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.|at what time do want to arrive
i dont have a specific time to arrive|where are you leaving from?
i will be leaving from the hotel|headed to what place?
This conversation has gotten a little confused, hasn't it? I'd like to go to King Hedges Learner pool, please.|I am the floor manager, I apologize, we are training a new crew. I have your taxi booked, look for a black honda, they can be reached at 07639528951.
Thank you that was all I needed goodbye.|Thank you for using our service.
I need a taxi arriving by 16:45.|Sure! Where are you coming from?
I want to leave from nandos, city center.|Great. And where will you be traveling to?
I'm going to parkside police station to turn myself in.|Ok, your contact number is 07037812928 and it will be a black volvo.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
Can you please help me find guesthouses that offer free parking in Cambridge?|sure, i have 21 options for you
I need it to include free wifi please.|There are still 21 options. What price range would you like?
No matter. Could you make a recommendation? I will need a room for 1, for 5 nights starting Sunday.|I would suggest Hobsons House in the west. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : X5GMNTU5. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Do you have a location preference? Perhaps in the west where you would be staying?
No, but I need the address.|hakka is located in the north on milton road chesterton.
I want to  book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Is there a time you would like to be picked up?
I want to leave the hotel by 19:00.|You all set, look for a light blue ford pinto.  Kidding, your cab will be a black skoda, they can be reached at 07738544250, can I help with anything else?
No thanks, have a good day.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
no am ok, thanks|welcome all the time
Thank you, that was all I needed.|have a good day
Thank you. You've been a big help. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service today.
Hello. I'm looking for a few good places to see in town on my next visit to cambridge.|There are lots of churches in the centre of town. Would you like to visit one?
No, I need something in the western part of town.|There are many colleges and museums on the west side. There is also one entertainment center. Which do you prefer?
What would you recommend?  I don't have a preference.|Queens college is quite pretty. It is on Silver street in the west.
Is it near the Hobsons House hotel?|Yes, both the Hobsons House and the college are both in the west part of town.  Would you like information for the college?
Actually, the college sounds great. I don't need more info. But I would love a taxi to get me from Queens College to Hobsons House. I want to leave by 16:30.|Do you know when you want to get there by?
It doesn't matter.|Booking completed! Your ca is a black lexus and the contact number is 07301130189
Perfect! That's all I need today, thank you!|You are very welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I want an expensive restaurant in the South.|I found a  few choices for you. Would you be interested in Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican will would great. I need a reservation for 2 at 19:30 on Monday.|Your reservation is booked at Chiquito Restaurant for 19:30 on Monday. The restaurant is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park, Cherry Hinton Road in Cherry Hinton. Your reservation number is SLYNF4LH.
Thank you! That's all that I needed.|Wonderful. Have a good visit.
Actually, I am also looking for places to go in the same area as Chiquito Restaurant is.|We have several. Would you be interested in a museum, a park or a theatre?
A museum would be great. Could I have the address of one you suggest?|the byard art museum offers free entrance fee
That sounds great. May I have the address, please?|The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you book me a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum?|Your taxi reservation has been confirmed on a white skoda. Their contact number is 07558835298. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, will there be any theater performances on the next night, Tuesday?|If you want to stay in the south, there is the Junction on Clifton Way. There are also 4 theatres in the center of town. Do you want more information?
Actually that is all I need. thank you for you're help.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a certain hotel called the cityroomz. Can you tell me more about it?|Yes Cityroomz is located in the centre and is on sleeperz hotel, station road. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes thanks.  There will be 2 of us arriving for 5 nights on Sunday.|I booked you a 5 night stay for two, beginning on Friday.  Enjoy your stay!
I need the reference number please.|Reference number is : 3CJPO87U. Is there anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a restaurant serving Irish food in the center of town that is expensive.|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Aww, that's a bummer. I was really wanting Irish food. How about Indian food? I could go for some good curry.|Okay, how about Curry Garden?
That sounds great. Can you book a table for 2 Sunday at 15:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AIAOBIM7.  Is there anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  I need it to arrive by the booking time.|Your taxi reservation on a yellow Volvo is complete. You will be picked up at CityRoomz and dropped off at Curry Garden by 15:00. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you, that will be all.|I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
What is the phone number for scudamores punting co?|The phone number for Scudamores Punting Co is 01223359750. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me their address as well please?|Sure, it's at granta place, Mill lane.
Thanks! I'm also looking for information on the A & B Guesthouse. What can you tell me about that place?|Sure it's a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east.  Would you like me to book it?
May I have the postcode?|Yes, the post code for the A and B Guest House is cb12dp. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|Okay, which would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave the hotel by 7:00. Also, can you give me the contact number and car type once you have booked it?|Your taxi is booked. The car is a yellow honda and the contact number is 07826111038
Thank you so much for all of your help today.  I am all set.  Bye.|From all of us at Cambridge, we hope you enjoy your stay! Farewell!
Can a taxi pick me up at carolina bed and breakfast?|When do you want to leave by?
I want to be sure and leave after 24:00|What is your destination?
I want to go to lensfield hotel|The taxi is booked for 24:15. It is a yellow Volkswagen.
I'll also need the contact number please.|Your contact number is 07744553058. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a nice day.
Please I want to book an expensive restaurant. First however help me find a place to go in town. Is there a nice park?|Yes there are 5 parks to visit, would you prefer one in the north, south, east, or in town centre?
It doesn't really matter, just whatever you recommend.|Milton County Park in the north is free and my humble suggestion.
Could I please have the postcode and area to Milton County Park?|The postcode is cb46az and the area is north.
Are there any restaurants that serve Romanian food in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants in the centre. Care to try a different cuisine?
What about Indian food?|There are 5 restaurants that serve indian food in the centre. Any specific price range?
Any of the restaurants is fine. But, can I get a postcode and price range for the one you choose please.|The Golden Curry is expensive and delicious. The postcode is cb12az. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. But can you book a taxi from the restaurant to the park?|Yes, do you have a time in mind?
I just need to be leaving the restaurant by 06:15.|I have successfully booked you a White Audi. Would you like their contact number?
Yes, I would like their contact number please.|The contact number for the taxi is 07629467335. Would you like help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks a bunch!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
i want a place to stay in Cambridge the is moderate price no wifi|Sure.  Would you like a particular area of town?
An inexpensive area with free parking if possible.|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's located in the north. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Sure!  I would like that!|I just need to know for what day, how many nights and how many guests for the reservation.
I need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday. Thanks!|Done! Your reference number is PMWGUS04. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.  I appreciate your help!|I'm happy we could be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? I want it to be moderately priced please.|there are 2. one with 4 star another with 3. which one do you prefer?
Either is fine but I would need to have wifi included, this is a business trip.|I have 2 that offer free wifi. One is rated 3 stars, the other is 4. Do you have a preference?
How about the 4 stars one.|That would be the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now.  I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves Indian food.  Can you help me with that?|I have many to choose from. Can you specify the area?
I would like it in the south.|It looks like there aren't any in the south.  Would you like to try a different area?
No, how about indian food?|rajmahal is in the west and moderately priced, shall I book you?
Yes, please. I would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by 21:00.|Alright, and what is your destination?
First, may I have the address for the rajmahal restaurant? Then, I want to get from the hotel to the restaurant, please.|Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road, Fen Ditton in the east side. I've also booked your taxi, departing by 21:00. You'll be taking a yellow VW, the number is 07875116115.
thank you that will be all|I'm glad I could assist you today. Have a good rest of the day.
please fid me a place to go in the centre|Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a nightclub in the centre. Can you provide me with entrance fee info and postcode?|Okay, I recommend Club Salsa. It's 5 pounds to get in. The post code is cb12jb.
Perfect, thank you. I'm also looking for information on hotels in the centre that have free wifi. Could you recommend one?|There are 5! What price range would you like? Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
Any will do. Whichever one you recommend.|the fez club is my favourite. it is in 8 market passage. can i give you their phone number?
As long as this is a hotel, it sounds great.  Can you give me the address?|I'm sorry, I misunderstood.  Fez is a nightclub.  Did you want a hotel?
Yes. If you read the conversation above, you'll notice my second request was for a hotel. I'd like one in the same area of the nightclub.|I would suggest the University Arms Hotel. It is in the centre of town in the same area as Club Salsa. Would you like information or to book a room?
I just need their address please.|The address is regent street
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the club.|Can you tell me what time youd like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the club by 02:15.|I have you in a Grey Honday. You can contact them at 07413613083.
That is all I will be needing today. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel in town with free parking and free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there now?
Is it a guesthouse?|No, it's a hotel. Would you prefer a guesthouse?
Yes, I definitely want a guesthouse.|There are 21 different guesthouses in the cambridge area. Did you have a certain area you wished to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as I can book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday|There are 21 guest houses that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range or star rating preference?
I would prefer at least three stars, please.|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error in my system. Could you please restate your requirements?
I am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse at extremely reasonable rates. Would you like me to see if I can book you there?
Yes, please. Can I get the reference number, please?|Alright, your room has been booked for 8 people, 5 nights starting Friday. Your reference number is CKLFOESQ. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like to book a taxi to commute|Where would you like the taxi to take you, and when would you like to be picked up?
Well I suppose I should choose a restaurant first. Do you know of a seafood restaurant on the west side of town?|I'm sorry but there are no seafood restaurants in that part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find a restaurant that serve italian food and book a table for everybody at 14:45 the day i leave|I'm sorry there are no tables available for 8 at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need the same time. Are there other Italian restaruants on the west side?|Yes there are 2 italian restaurants in the west side, one is prezzo, the other la margherita.  Do you prefer cheap or moderate price?
Let's go with the moderate price. Can you please make the reservation for 8 people?|Unfortunately the booking was not successful.
Can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 8 people on friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L09JJ3XT. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you help me book a taxi from Rosa's B&B to the restaurant that will get me there by 14:45 when my table is ready?|Sure, I have booked your car a blue ford Contact number 07599887198. Can I help with anything else?
No, that should be it.  Thanks.|Great! Have a wonderful day and enjoy your meal!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called hotel du vin bistro.|I have the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Their phone number is 01223227330. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, do you happen to know what their price range is?|It is a moderately priced restaurant.
Thank you, I am also looking for colleges in the west area, can you give me more info on those?|sure, there are five in that area.
Okay can you please give me the address and phone number to one that you recommend?|churchill college is in the west. it is free. their address is storey's way and their phone number is 01223336233. is there something else i can help you with?
I'll need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the college|When would you like to depart or arrive by?
I want to leave the college by 17:45.|look out for  blue audi and the contact is  07704105675
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
i am looking for information about cineworld cinema.|Cineworld is on the south side of town.  Would you like the address?
Could i get the phone number please?|their phone number is 00872208000. what else can i do for you?
Yes I need to find a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and I don't need any parking.|I have  listings available for you on the south side of town. the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house and the Bridge Guest House. Which would you prefer?
I need a hotel located in the town centre.|Cityroomz meets the criteria you have provided. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Book it for Monday. 5 nights and 6 people.|It has been booked. Your reference number is KJWXHZQV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks that is all|No thank you that will be all
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants available in the center of town in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I want a russian food restaurant.|We have no russian restaurants with those criteria. Another type of food perhaps?
What about one that serves italian food?|I have two that fit this criteria. Pizza Express at Regent Street City Centre and pizza express Fen Ditton at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would you like any other information?
Yes, may I please have the postcode, address, and phone number of the Pizza Express at Regent Street?|The postcode is cb21db, phone number is 01223324033, and address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel in the same area.|Certainly, I have 5 hotels in the Centre area one is moderately priced, are there any other criteria such as price, or type?
I would like one that includes free wifi please|There are 4 that have free wifi, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse that is cheaply priced in that area, would you be interested in that?
Yes that would be great do they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
That's not necessary, could you just give me their phone number please?  I also need some help finding a taxi to commute from the hotel to restaurant.|The phone number for the guesthouse is 01223525725.  What time do you want the taxi to pick you up to take you to the restaurant?
8:15 please is when I want the taxi to pick me up.|Okay I have booked a taxi for you.   It will be a gray ford and the contact number is 07939411352 in case you need to make any modifications.
Okay great. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I would like to book a taxi to hughes hall please.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from the river bar.|What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 19:00 if possible.|Great, I have booked you a white Honda the Contact number is 07767407244. Anything else I can help you with.
nope thats all thanks|It was my pleasure to assist you with that. Hoping you have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to eat in expensive price range that serves Turkish food.|I have the Meze bar restaurant in the centre of town, would that be good?
That sounds great, can you book a table for 3 for me?|Of course, when would you like that reservation?
Yes, for three people at 13:45 on Tuesday. Thanks!|Unfortunately there is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Let's try 12:45.|I was able to book you, your reference number is 0AK1Q2QD, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called the cafe jello gallery, can I get their phone number please?|Cafe Jello Gallery's phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else we can do for you today?
Can you book me a taxi between those two locations?|I sure can! Which is your departure site (the restaurant or the gallery), and what time would you like the car?
I would like arrive by 12:45|Alright, I was able to book you a car to go from the Cafe Jello Gallery to the Meze Bar Restaurant where you will arrive by 12:45.
Great. Can i have the contact number and car type?|It is a black ford, and the contact number is 07140981001
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|you are welcome to use our services any time
Hello! I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and would love to visit a concerthall in the centre of town. Can you help?|The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and could you give me the phone number too?|Oh of course! Their number is 01223474144.
And the address is? And while we're talking about location, are there any 3-star hotels close to it?|The man on the moon's address is 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. There is one hotel in that area with 3 stars, the Gonville Hotel. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi?  If yes, please book for 2 people for 1 night.  Thank you for your help.|They do have free wifi! For which day would you like the reservation?
I actually don't need a reservation just yet, but could I have the postcode and phone number for the Gonville? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Gonville is indeed a hotel. Their postcode is cb11ly. You can reach them by phone at 01223366611.
Thanks, I also need a taxi to go the hotel. I want to leave the Man on the moon at 16:15. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07709163859. Anything else I can help with?
No that is it thank you! That was all the info I needed! Thank you and have a good day.|I'm happy to help. Have a lovely day.
I need a taxi to go to the gandhi to arrive by 18:00|Okay, I will need your departure site first
I'm departing from cherry hinton water play.|Excellent. I was able to book a black Ford for you.
Great thank you. Can I have the contact number?|The contact number is 07299305269.
That's all I need, thank you so much.|enjoy your ride
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from Hakka to Sidney Sussex College.|What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at the college at 20:15.|I booked that for you. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07158145955.
Perfect. That's all for today! Bye!|Great.  Have a nice day.  Good Bye.
Hi I would like to find a moderate priced place to stay with free parking.|There are 14 results which fit your request. Do you want information for the places with a 4 star rating?
I'd like a 4 star hotel in the south, yes.|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your needs. It's a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse in the south. I can book a room for you, if you like!
That is a guest house?|Yes this is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Thanks so much.  Also can you provide me information about a restaurant called the copper kettle?|I have that here. What would you like to know?
what area is it in?|South would you like me to book it for you ?
I am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. The place should have 0 stars.|Yes I have only two options in the cheap price range with a 0 star rating. Both are located in the city center. Would you be interested in either?
Is there one with free wifi and free parking?|El Shaddai on Warkworth Street has both.  Can I book it for you?
I just need the phone number, postcode, and address, please.|Their number is 01223327978. Their postcode is cb11eg. Their address is 41 warkworth street.
Thanks! Are there any swimming pools located in the south of town?|Sorry, it looks like there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area?
What types of nightclubs are there in that area?|The place is a nightclub in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23hg
Thank you. Can you schedule a taxi pickup from El Shaddai to the nightclub. I want to leave the room by 12:30.|You're booked for a red Tesla at 12:30, going from El Shaddai to The Place. Their contact number, should you need it, is 07625686038. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|I'm glad I could help.
I am looking for a gastropub in the south.|I'm sorry I couldn't find any Gastropubs in the South. Is there another type or area which you would like to try?
Are there any Gastropubs in town?|As a matter of fact, it appears all of the gastropubs in Cambridge have closed. Is there anything else that interests you?
How about a modern European cuisine in the south area?|There is a restaurant called restaurant alimentum that meets your criteria.
Let's book that for 12:45 on Tuesday. It will be for 7 people.|I am sorry but that time is not available. Would you like to try another time or day perhaps?
Could you try 11:45 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8HB62Z6W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to see some entertainment near the restaurant. Could you recommend me something good?|How about Tenpin in the south?
Is it located near Alimentum? I'm looking for something in the same area as the restaurant.|Yes, it is. Nusha is in the South as well.
That will do. Please get me their address.|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the entertainment.|Sure. What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
It doesn't matter, I just need to get there.|It's all booked, you're looking for a black volkswagen and their contact number is 07263669645.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That's everything I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Splendid!  Thank you for all your help.  That's all I need.  Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you search in the area of south?|We have several great options. The Byard Art museum is popular and has free admission.
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number?|Oh they really are lovely. And the number is 	01223464646.
Thank you. I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|Sure, there are 5 expensive Italian restaurants for you to choose from. Is that a specific area you would like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like one near the museum in the south.|We only have one listing for an Italian restaurant in the south.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Does this interest you?
Yes.  I need a table for 8 at 11:00 on Tuesday.|I was able to book the table for eight on Tuesday 11:00.  The reference number is  R8O6B9DF.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you, can I also get a taxi between the two places?|Absolutely! When would you like to arrive at or leave by?
I'd like to get to the restaurant by my reservation time.|I was able to book a black honda contact number is 07790378961
Thank you so much. You took care of everything. Thanks. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I need some assistance with finding a nice Italian restaurant in centre of Cambridge.|How much money did you want to spend?
I am interested in cheap restaurants.|Great! How about Ask restaurant, at 12 Bridge Street City Centre? May I book you a table?
Yes please, just me on Tuesday, at 15:30.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ASSBU60Y. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay for the night, and I can't break the bank on it either.|We have many inexpensive hotels. Did you have any area in mind?
Any area is fine as long as it is 4 star and a guesthouse.|I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast in the center of town. It's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse.
That sounds great! Can you book a room there for 3 nights? Just me, and I'll be arriving on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful, the reservation number is JPAQ0BHO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  I need to make sure I get there by 15:30.|Your booking is completed. The car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07653774441. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I think you took care of everything. Have a nice night. Bye.|Enjoy your time! Goodbye!
Yes, I'm visiting Cambridge and want to know about Cambridge Artworks in town?|It is a museum in the eas part of town on 5 greens road, is there more you would like to know?
Can I please have the phone number?|Certainly.  The phone number is 01223902168.
I need a 4-star place to stay in the north part of town.|Do you have a preference for parking/wifi/price range?
No, I don't really have a reference for any of those, I don't even need internet.|The Acorn Guest House, on 154 chesterton road is available, shall I book it for you?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
How about 4 nights?|That is available. Reference number is : O0JPM8F0.
I'm interested in any info about places to go in the west side of Cambridge|Do you have any preferences in terms of the attraction types?
No preference. If you could recommend one. Could you provide me the address and phone number of the one you choose?|Would you be interested in visiting a college?
That sounds great! I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same area as the colege and of moderate price.|I would recommend Churchill College in the west, they have no entrance fee. Do you require free parking or internet for your hotel?
No, just a moderate hotel in the same area as the college.  Free wifi is nice though.|Yes I have a guesthouse in the west that is moderately priced and has free wifi.
If there are no hotels I'll stay at the guesthouse. Can you give me their address and phone number?|Hobsons House is located at 96 Barton Road in postcode cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd like to book for 1 person, 4 nights, starting from tuesday please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4X74FH7. is there something else i can help you with?
No, you have been helpful.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the expensive price range|OK, I have five in several areas of town.
I need it to be a 3 star as well.|That brings us to two fine choices, the Gonville and the Lensfield. Both are rated 3 stars. The Gonville is in the centre, while the Lensfield is in the south.
Thank you. Can you book the Lensfield for 7 people and 5 nights beginning on Wednesday?|I have those reference number X83Q82E5.
You have it booked then?|Yes it is booked. May I help you with anything else today?
Also looking for information on Saint Johns College.|Saint John's College is located in the city centre.  It's phone number is: 
01223338600.  The address is Saint John's Street.  It has an entrance fee of 2.5 pounds.
Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I also need to book at a taxi to commute between the two places.|When would you like the taxi to arrive at your destination?
it should be there by 11;45.|Okay, the book has been completed!  The car will be a yellow toyota and the number is 07626630212.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|You as well!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel named cityroomz. Can you provide me information about it please?|Yes. It's a 0 star hotel that's located at sleeperz hotel, station road in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number as well?
No thanks, but can you book me for 3 people and 5 nights starting on saturday?  I'll also need the reference number.|I booked it for you. The reference is L30FIVE7. Do you need anything else?
Im looking for a place to go in the centre area with multiple sports.|I am sorry but there are no multiple sports in the centre area. Do you want me to try a different area or a different attraction?
How about let's try a nightclub?|Yes I found 5 nightclubs.  Would like to try the Ballare located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion yard?
I think that would work. Can you tell me their entrance fee and postcode please?|Yeah, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and the postcode is cb23na.
Can you book me a taxi between the two locations please?|When would you like to be picked up?
at 17:00 hours please|Okay. You'll be expecting a blue Ford. Their number is 07043795737. Anything else?
Was that taxi booking for leaving by 18:45?|It was at 17:00, quite a bit before 18:45.  Would you prefer a later booking?
I just need to arrive at my attraction by 18:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number please?|It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07043795737.
Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using the help desk! Good bye!
I need a taxi to pick me up from carolina bed and breakfast and take me to ali baba.|Sure.  What time would you like to leave?
by 10:00, what is the car type and can I get a contact number?|it is a grey volvo and the contact number is 07985302391
That's all I need for today, thank you for your help.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need parking.|I have 4 but need to know what area you would like to stay in?
Well I would like a guesthouse. Does that limit what area I can book in?|The east and the north.
Can you tell me if they have free internet and the star rating for each?|There are moderately-priced guesthouses in 4 areas. Most have free parking, two don't, but if parking doesn't matter, any of them should do; Archway House in the north is very nice.
I also need a restaurant.|There are nine restaurants in the north area.  Do you have a preference of food type?
Actually, I have a certain restaurant in mind. It's called Royal Standard. Can you tell me about it?|I'm sorry but it must have closed as I am not finding any information on it. Can we look up another venue for you?
That's unfortunate. Are you certain you can't find it? I was sure it's still operating.|Ah, here it is. It's an expensive gastropub restaurant in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I need a table for 4 people at 19:15 on Sunday.|I was able to book that, reference number is GTZ8UVJO.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to take me from Archway House to the restaurant for that reservation, please.|I've booked a black ford with a contact no. 07568876193. It should arrive by 19:00 15 minutes before the booked time.
thanks. i need to get going so, its time to say goodbye. have a good one.|Can I look up anything else for you today?
Need a place to stay, free wifi. Needs to be a hotel.|Please tell me your price range and whether or not free parking is important to you.
I don't require free parking, but I would like the hotel in the expensive price range.|There are 5 all across the city that meet your needs. Is there are certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Downtown would be best.|University Arms Hotel meets your needs.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Great can I get the phone number of them?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for the India House restaurant. I will need to book a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.  Please give me the reference number.|Your table at India House is all set, reference #GCAE8HPF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking to book a taxi between the two places.|Which site will you be departing from, and which will you be arriving at?
The hotel to the restaurant.  I want to make sure that I get to the restaurant by the time we booked please.|The taxi is booked it's a grey bmw the contact number is 07585544024.
Fantastic, thank you, have a good day.|Thank you! You as well! Enjoy your stay!
Please find me a guesthouse that offers free parking|Sure, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
What can I get thats a 4 star?|There are quite a few. 16 to be exact. Are you looking for a certain price range or area?
I need a place that will have space for 6 people staying 4 nights starting from Wednesday.|The acorn guest house has availability for that time.
Yes. Please book it for me, in the perimeters I stated above.|okay your all set ref # is KWN1JAD4, anything else today?
I need a place to eat in the south and VERY expensive for 6 people on wed at 19:00|Is there a certain type of food you'd like? The options are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Just pick a place (as long as it's expensive) on the south side and make the reservation and give me the reference number. After that, I'm going to need a taxi.|I have booked your party of 6 at the Peking Restaurant. You are booked for Wednesday at 19:00. Your reference number is  0Z92M9D7.
Ill need to taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant by 19:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07463823856
You have been extremely helpful, thank you so much.  I am all set.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
Can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel please?|I found two that fit your description; huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.
OK iLL GO WITH THE FIRST CHOICE THE  huntingdon marriott hotel|That's a great hotel. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please for 7 people for 4 nights starting thursday and I need the reference number.|I've got you booked with reference number L7WTALJT.
Thank you.  I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the same area as the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|There are no chinese restaurants in that area,any other type of food I can check with?
Are there any Chinese restaurants within a short distance outside the area which are in the same price range as the hotel?|I would recommend the Ugly Duckling in the center of town. That's an expensive Chinese restaurant right in the middle of everything.
Excellent, can I get the address of the Ugly Duckling?|Of course!  The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is 	cb21tw.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I would like to book a taxi between the restaurant and hotel. I've like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.|I was able to book your taxi. Be looking out for a yellow BMW. If you need to reach them, please call 07101227577. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome!
I need to book a place to stay with a star of 4. I don't need free parking.|We have over 20 fine hotels. Do you have any preferences of cost or location?
I don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 4 stars please.|We have 11 in the moderate range. They are all a guesthouse accommodation. Would you like one of these?
I need one with free wi-fi.|I have two: a and b guesthouse in the east and avalon in the north. Would one of these work for you?
Can i book one on tuesday?|How long do you want to stay?
I would also need to book it for 4 nights.|before I look for that, could you let me know how many people are staying and what day you'd like to arrive?
One person, and I'd like to arrive on Tuesday.|OK, let me see what I can do.
After that I'm also going to need the reference number.|I have you booked. The reference number is WPGQ4ADJ.
OK, now can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?|We have 44 attractions in the centre of town Broughton House Gallery is a museum we have available.
Can you please provide me with the address, telephone number and the cost of admission.|How about All Saint's Church at 01223452587 in the centre? It's free.
I now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. I would like to leave the hotel by 15:45. Can you book that for me?|I have your taxi booked.  Look for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07655267463.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you. Enjoy your stay
Hi! Could you please help me find a good hotel? I'd like it to be on the north end of town.|I have about 13 options that meet what you need. Is there a price range you prefer?
It would need to be moderately priced please.|I have 11 places that fit that description, do you care about how many stars?
I would like for it to be 3 stars, please.|Okay, how about the alpha-milton guest house?
Can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?|I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is AVVXFL9M. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also find the address for Club Salsa?|63 milton road is the address
I actually need the postcode and phone number for Club Salsa.|The postcode is cb12jb and the phone number is 07782218745.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? I want to leave by 5:45.|I booked a red volkswagen Contact number	:	07746032709
 Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Nope, that'll do it!  Thank you for all your help!|Okay anytime. Enjoy your visit.
I am visiting Cambridge soon and am looking for someplace to go to while there, can you look up attractions for me?|One of the best things about cambridge is all of our attractions! Did you have an area in mind or an attraction type so I can narrow my search?
I'm looking to have a little fun at a nightclub.|The entrance fee of The Fez Club is free.
Fez Club is good need postcode and phone number for it,also I want to go to expensive Chinese restaurant.|The fez club is located in the center 8 market passage cb23hx, phone number 01223519224. Now, I am searching for the expensive Chinese restaurant.
It doesn't matter what area it's in and I'll be needing a table for monday.|I have about 17 different chinese restaurants. To narrow it down, do you have a preferred price range?
Yes, expensive please.|Okay. I have 9 restaurants in the expensive range. Do you have a particular area you would like to be? Hakka is in the north and is very popular.
That would be perfect can I get a reservation for 12:30 on Monday for 3 people?|I am unable to make a reservation. Would you like to try a different time or date?
How about 11:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FSXM0KAQ.
Thanks! I would also like a taxi between the two places.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Honda. If you need to reach them, please call 07598905692. Anything else I can help with?
no, thank you very much|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay. A 0-star hotel is fine with me as long as it fits my moderate budget|I have 2 0-star guesthouses as well as Cityroomz, a 0-star hotel. Cityroomz is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room there?
Yes, could you book me a room there please?|I certainly can. When do you want to stay?
Actually, can I have the hotel type, phone number, and address instead?|Sure, it's a hotel located on sleeperz hotel, station road. Phone number is 01223304050
Thanks! I've also heard great things about a restaurant called Anatolia. What can you tell me about them?|Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
That sounds perfect.  Can you book me a table there for 3 at 14:45 on Friday?|I have made your reservation for 3 at 14:45 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is YK1UPI4J. Is there anything you need?
Thank you so much!|You are welcome! Have a good day!
Hello, I'm sight seeing in Cambridge and I'm looking for somewhere to eat on the westside.|There are 14 restaurants on the west side. Are you looking for a restaurant with a particular cuisine?
Any cuisine is fine, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|Ok, how about Meghna? It is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west side.
Please book a table for 2 at 19:15 on Saturday with a reference number and l need a theatre in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay done I have booked you a table for two and your reservation number is 6X0OV3JV. I have many theaters in the same area. What about Cambridge Arts?
That sounds great.  Can I get the phone number?|The phone number for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 01223503333. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the entrance fee to the Cambridge Arts Theatre?|I apologize but the entrance fee for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is unlisted. Would you like their phone number instead?
That's okay, can I get a taxi from cambridge arts theater to Meghna by 19:15?|Your booking is complete! Your taxi will be a yellow ford. The contact number for your driver is 07755954404. Is there anything I else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|Okay great.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge and please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help!
I need to book a taxi to the place, please.|I'm going to need a departure site, a destination, and either a time you want to leave or arrive by, please.
I would like a taxi departing from city centre north b and b and arriving at the place. I would like to arrive by 8:00.|Perfect, expect a yellow Tesla to pick you up. The contact number is 07308517542. Anything else?
That is it, Thank you.|It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
Thank you once again for all of your assistance. Have a great day.|You as well, good bye.
I need a taxi by 20:45 to go to Cote.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm leaving from tandoori palace.|Ok I have a white tesla and the contact  number is 07657055747.
That was fast thank you so much!|Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks. Have a good evening.|You, too, and thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I'm looking for the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.|Great choice! The Cherry Hinton grounds are located in the east. It is located on Cherry Hinton Road. Their contact info is 01223446104. Any other information I can offer you?
Yes, could you give me the postcode please?|The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I want to find a hotel in the west. It needs to have free parking.|There are two hotels that meet those criteria.  The Huntingdon Marriot is an expensive hotel, and the Cambridge Belfry is a cheap. Which one would you prefer?
I will try the Huntingdon Marriot.|Would you like me to book you a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, I need a room starting on tuesday.|How many nights would you like it to be reserved, and how many will be in your party?
I will need three nights and with 5 people.|I was unable to book for 5 nights.  Would you like to try for 4 nights?
Actually I was mistaken, I need it to be booked for 6 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday.|I'm unable to book two nights for six people.  Would you like to try for one day?
Yes please. One day is fine.|The booking was successful. The reference number is 1FN4UUGJ. What else can I help you with?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places please.|When would you like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave by 16:15.|Okay sure. I have booked a white BMW to pick you up and your contact number is 07340002030. Anything else?
That takes care of everything. Thank You!|Thank you for using our system!
im looking for  a place to dine, it should be in the  south serving morden global food|I don't have anything that meets those specifications. Can I try something else?
it is ok provided that it is cheap|I found a chinese restaurant and a portuguese restaurant.  Do you like either one of those?
Portuguese should be fine.|Okay, Nandos serves Protuguese in the South of town with cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table now?
No, I'm not ready to book today.  Can I just get a phone number and postcode please?|Nandos postcode is cb17dy and the phone is 01223327908.  Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a place to stay.|What area would you prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't really matter too much. I would like something with 4 stars and free parking though.|There is acorn guest house located in the north it has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please book it for 3 nights starting on Thursday. I want the booking to be for 8 people.|Okay, your booking at the Acorn Guest House was successful. The reference number is MO3PC3QP. Can I help you with anything else today?
That would be all. Thank you for your time today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and need a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating.|4 guesthouses match your request and they're all moderately priced. Do you want to be in the north, south, or west side of town?
What are my options on the west side of town?|Just one, the Hobsons House is available.
Ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? I need 5 nights.|You booking for Hobsons House was successful, the confirmation number is BBSBEY5B. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you|Thank you goodbye
I need a taxi to go to cambridge punter.|I can help you with that, where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from addenbrookes hospital.|What time would you like to leave addenbrookes hospital?
I want to leave the hospital after 08:15, please.|Your taxi is booked. Look for a blue Toyota.
What is the contact number for the blue Toyota?|The contact number is 07738411271. Is there anything else we can help you with?
No that was all, thank you!|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go when I get to town. Are there any good museums?|There are many museums. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
Yes I would prefer to be in the west.|Ok, I have 7 listings. Might I suggest the Museum of Classical Archaeology?
That sounds great. Can i get the address and entrance fee?|They are located on sidgewick avenue and admission is free.   Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  Perhaps 4 stars, and I need wifi.|There are a few places that match that description. Do you know what area you'd like to stay in?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Can you book it for 2 nights starting Saturday for 1 person?|May I suggest the Acorn Guest House?
That sounds like a great place.|sure thing all set! reference number is IS8BB29K anything else for you today?
No. Thank you though, this has been very helpful.|Great! Have a great day!
Hello any restaurants suggestions ? I am also looking for nice 4 star hotels with wifi.|Two hotels in the West, Huntingdon Marriott and The Cambridge Belfry, and one in the Centre, University Arms Hotel, meet your specified needs.
Could I please have more information about the West? Is it an actual hotel or a guesthouse?|I have two hotels the huntingdon marriott and the cambridge belfry.
Okay may I get the price range for those hotels with the postcode also?|The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive offering at postcode pe296fl.  The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap offering at postcode cb236bw.
Thank you. I'm also looking for for a place to dine, I'd prefer an expensive place please.|Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Italian food please in the cheap price range|What area would you like to dine in?
In the centre please.  And make it Portuguese.  I don't care about price.  I have no idea where I got the idea of cheap Italian from, smh.|I have a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the Centre by the name of Nandos City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
i apologize. my husband wants something expensive. do you have any portuguese places that are expensive?|There doesn't seem to be any. Do you have any other different criteria?
in that case what about french?|You have two options , one in  the north and one in the center. Which one do you prefer?
I'd rather the one in the center. What is it called?|I have the cote located in the centre it is a expensive french restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you get me the address, post code and phone number, please?|Cote is at Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uf. Their phone number is 01223311053. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I do not need reservations.|Have a nice day.
Hey! Looking for a hotel on the west side. Thanks!|There are 2 hotels in the west. Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would have to choose the less expensive one this time.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like more information?
Do they offer internet?|Yes free internet is included.  Is that what you are looking for?
I would like to make a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|I successfully booked you a room for 2 nights starting on Friday at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is GPGCYPCU
Thank you. Do you have information on the Pipasha restaurant?|Yes it's an expensive Indian restaurant in the east. There address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the postcode to that place?|The postcode is cb236bw. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant.|what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|Your taxi reservation departing from the cambridge belfry headed to Pipasha Restaurant by 1:00 was successful. The cary type is a yellow skoda. Contact number: 07014062574
Thank you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome! Please contact our service if you need any other information about your visit to Cambridge.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves African?|I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving African food in the expensive category. Is there another type of restaurant you would like to look for?
I am looking for a cinema.|I have located two cinemas. One is in the north; the other in the south.  Would you like additional information?
Yes, can I have entrance fee and address for the one in the south?|Cineworld Cinema is at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in the south, but I don't know its entrance fee. We never figured out a restaurant for you, should we keep looking?
Yes. I need a restaurant the is moderate priced with Italian food in the west.|Great I have one called Prezzo. would you like a booking there?
Yes, that sounds great. Make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on Friday and provide the reference number.|Your reservation has been booked. The table will be reserved for you for 15 minutes after 20:00. Your booking number is LQSPGQ3I. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get me from the cinema to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Alright! I have a taxi booked to get you to the restaurant in time for your reservation. It is a red skoda, the contact number is 07783655406.
Thanks for the service, that's all for today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a one-star hotel, please.|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any 1 star hotels in the area.  Can I look for something different for you?
Are you sure?|Yes, quite sure. Would you be willing to step up to a 3 star option? I have some good choices that I'm sure you will love.
Well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars.  Cheap though.|There is the cambridge belfry in the west that is a cheap 4 star hotel. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I just needed the information for now.|Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
Yes.  I am looking for a fun place to visit while I'm in the west side of town. Is there an awesome attraction you could recommend?|sure! how about funky fun house?
What kind of attraction is it?|Entertainment. But I made an error, it is in the east.
Oh, okay.  I need something in the west.|Whale of a Time is an entertainment attraction in the West.
Thank, I just need their address, and then we can work on a taxi afterwards.|The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  When would you want a cab for?
Great. I need a taxi from the hotel to there by 20:30.|Let me find a taxi for you.
I'll need the car type and contact number.|I will get that for you.
Okay, so what is it?|You'll be riding in style in a black skoda. You can call them at 07191841492.
Thank you so much.|Anything else today?
Not you took care of everything I need. Thanks.|Great.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I will be traveling to Cambridge and would like to dine on the west side.|Okay, cool! What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for expensive Brutish food.|I have two places. Would you like me to book one?
No. i would like you to choose one and then please provide me with the address and phone number.|The graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane huntington road postcode cb301x. The phone number is 01223277977.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guest house in the same area as the restaurant.|I'd recommend hobsons house. It's moderately priced and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No thanks, I'm just looking for information right now. I think I have everything I need for today.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, can you tell me if the Hobsons House is 4 star rated? if it is, I would also need the address please.|It is 3 star rated. Would you prefer 4 stars?
Yes, I'm looking for a 4 star rated guesthouse in the west with free parking.|Finches Bed and Breakfast will fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I just need the info for the place. What is its address? As well as its price range|it is pretty cheap. also the address is 144 thornton road.
I need a taxi from the restaurant|Ok, are you looking for a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel? What day do you need it?
Yes. The taxi should leave the restaurant by 20:00|In order to book a taxi I need time of travel, arrival location and the departure location.
I need the restaurant by 20:00 and head for the hotel.|A yellow lexus will pick you up at Grafitti at 20:00 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your driver can be contacted at 07239643979
Perfect. Thank you so much. That's all for today|Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. It should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 3.|i have four results that match your request, do you need internet?
Internet is not necessary. But can you see if there is one in the west part of town and I would prefer a guesthouse.|I have the Hobsons House. It is a moderately priced guesthouse located in the west. Free wifi and internet. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Please include the reference number for the booking.|I have that all booked for your stay. Your reference number for the room is ZUG88XKL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town while we are visiting the area. Do you have anything of concert halls around the area? We love those.|We have one. The Man on The Moon. But it is located in the centre area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, please, what is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223474144.
Ok, perfect.  Thanks!|Also the address to the man on the moon is 2 Norfolk Street. You have to call to inquire about the entrance fee. Have a Great day.
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the cheap side.|There are 10 locations on the cheap side. Do you have an area of town in mind?
I have no preference regarding the area.|We have 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them 4 star guesthouses?|7 of them are four star guesthouses. would you like me to book you a reservation?
What's the postcode for your favorite of those guesthouses?|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It's in the CB12DE postcode.
Okay. Can you also provide me with information on The Cambridge and County Folk Museum? I would like their phone number, venue type and postcode.|got it right here. What would you like info on?
The County Folk Museum. I need the phone number, venue type and postcode.|Sure thing. Their phone number is 01223355159. Postcode is cb30aq and it is in fact a museum like the name suggests
Can you reserve tickets for me?|I cannot reserve tickets to the museum, if that's what you're asking.
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|All the moderately priced, 4-star accommodations are guesthouses. Is that OK?
That would be just fine, thank you.|Which are would you like?
Any area will do. Recommend something.|How about the avalon?
Great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you try that for me?|I was able to complete that booking for you. Your confirmation number is O4E7TJ08.
Thank you! Are there any places to go in the east?|If you're going to the east, I recommend taking a boat ride with Camboats.
ok, what's their address and postcode?|Camboats address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their postcode is cb58sx.
I also need a taxi.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know your departure site and destination and what time you're looking for.
I will want to go between the attraction, and the hotel.|I need to know a departure and/or arrival time.
I want to leave by 15:30.|What is the cost?
Can I get the contact number and the car type please?|It will be a blue Tesla. You may contact them at 07008080625.
Thank you very much. That is all that I need.|excellent, have a great day!
I hope so. My brother recommended an eatery called Curry Prince. Can you help me find it?|Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town. It is moderately priced. The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Could I have their phone number as well?|Yes of course. the Curry Prince's phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go. Is there any swimming pool you can locate for me?|Sure. We have the Abbey Pool there in the same area as your restaurant. There are three others in other parts of town.
What is the entrance fee for Abbey Pool? Can I also get the address?|I'm sorry, my system doesn't tell me the entrance fee. Address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, Off Newmarket Road. Anything else you need?
I also need a taxi that will let me leave the pool at 20:45 to take me to the restaurant.|I have booked you a Taxi that fits your needs. Would you like the Contact number or Car model?
Both, please! I can't wait to explore Cambridge.|A blue skoda will be picking you up at 20:45. Their contact number is 07775057511. Do you need any further assistance?
That will be all for today. Thank you for your help!|Have a great day!
I'm looking to swim today. Is there anywhere I can go?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is in the east part of town if that would work for you?
No, I'm actually looking for something in the north. Is there anything available there please?|Sure, there are two in the north. Would you like their information?
Hi, few questions.  I am looking for a restaurant called the Little Seoul.  Also, could you give me the phone numbers, address, and entrance fees for both those places?|Sure!  Let me get the pool information first.  I found one that is an outdoor pool and one that is a learner pool.  Which would you prefer?
The outdoor pool would be best. For the restaurant I need to reserve it for 5 people at 14:30 on sunday. Please give me the reference number of the reservation.|the outdoor pool is called jesus green outdoor pool	located at between victoria road and the river	cb43px
Ok, thanks. Can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 14:30 on Sunday?|I've made the reservations for you. The reference number is NFKR3VXL.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to get from the pool to the restaurant.|ok I have a black volvo booked for you
Can I please get the taxi company's phone number in case I need it?|you can reach them on 07704971911
Thank you.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for places to go in the north area.|I have a boat, park or 2 swimming pools in that area. Is there one you would like to try?
Give me more information about the boat please.|The address to riverboat georgina is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax. Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. I want it to be cheap.|You've got 2 choices in the north for cheap places to eat: Royal Spice serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian food. Which would you prefer?
Da Vinci Pizzeria sounds good.  Thanks.|For how many do you need this reservation?
I need to book a table for 8 at 18:30 on Monday, please.|Your table is reserved at DaVinci, ref# 6U1JO0B2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a taxi that will get me  to the restaurant in time for the booking you just made.|Excellent, I have booked you a taxi, a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07262084765. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I think this is all I need for today.  Thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye.
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking for places to go. Are there any good colleges to see?|There are quite a few for you to choose from.  Did you have a particular area of town you would prefer to spend your time in?
No, any area will do. Can you recommend one?|I sure can.  How about corpus christi in town centre?
Yes that sounds great. Can you give me the address for that college?|King's Parade, cb21rh. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, I just need help finding a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help with that. May I ask if there is a price range or area you prefer?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|We have 14 places matching your criteria. Lets narrow this down. Is there an area you prefer?
No, I'm really not picky.  j|How about the Acorn Guest House? It is in the north area and has 4 stars with free internet and parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.|i will book you and get back to you, you are welcome
Can I please get the reference number?|The reference number is T8N3WK5T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, Yes, I will need a taxi from the Acorn Guest House to corpus christi college. I also did not get the college address.|What time will you be traveling?
I would like to leave my hotel by 22:00.  Would you mind getting the college address for me?|The college address is king's parade cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can get for you?
Yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:00 and go to the attraction please.|For how many people?
Just the 4 of us|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07500369982.
Perfect. That's all I need help with. Have a great day.|You, too. Please call if you need anything else. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Sure, I want some help finding a restaurant in Cambridge, please.|I can help you with that. What's the name of the restaurant you're looking for?
I don't have a specific restaurant in mind. I'm looking for an Indian restaurant.|I have several Indian restaurants available.  What price range and part of town would you prefer.
I want an expensive one in the centre.|there is one called Curry garden, it is in 106 Regent Street City Center.
Hello! I'm staying in Cambridge for the first time and I'm looking for places to go that are near me. Can you help me find multiple sports?|There is one multiple sports attraction in Cambridge and it is in the east area:  The cherry hinton village centre.
Bummer, are there any nightclubs in the city centre instead?|There are 5 nightclubs. Club Salsa is my favorite at 1 station road.
Great can I get the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee please?|It's 5 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a cheap place to stay while I am there?|No problem, do you want to stay in the centre as well?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of the 4 star range that offers free WiFi.|How does the alexander bed and breakfast sound? It's in the city centre. It has free internet and free parking.
It sounds good! Can you book for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday?|I have booked it, and the reference number is 4ARUOMK7. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub, I want ot leave the hotel by 13:30|Okay, look for a yellow honda contact #07601477512
Anything else I can do for you?
No that's alls I needed.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.|Which area of town will you be staying in?
I will be staying in the south can you book me a room and send me the reference number?|Absolutely the only hotel in the south is expensive, is that okay?
Could you look for something in the west?|In the wast I have huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry.
If it's in the west, I want it to be a 0 star hotel.  Is it?|No, it isn't. There are no 0 star hotels in the west but there are plenty more hotels I can recommend
Can you check for ones in the centre and have free parking?|The only place that I have in the centre that offers free parking and internet is a guesthouse called the El Shaddai. It is cheap and has 0 stars.
That should be fine. I also want some other places to go nearby.|There are many different types of attractions in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
I would like a architecture place to visit.|Sure, I recommend holy trinity church in the centre, admission is free.
Sweet could you give me their phone and address?|Their address is market street and their number is 01223355397. Do you need anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 15:45.|Where will you be going to?
the holy trinity church from the hotel please.|No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  What else can I do?
can i have the car type and the phone number for the taxi?|Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07826530117
Perfect! That's all I need. See you later. Bye.|Ok! Have a great day!
Could you help me find a thai restaurant?|I have two listed one on the west side and one in the centre.
Please one in the centre.|Bangkok City is located in the centre. It is an expensive Thai restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I am needing a table for 7 this Monday at 11:15 please.|Great, they had an opening, you're all set. Your reference number is 1K1NDD5T.
Great. I am also looking for something to do on the West side of town. Any suggestions? I will need the entrance fee and postcode and the type of attraction.|Cambridge has 13 attractions on the west side.  I would suggest the Cafe Jello Gallery, which has a free entry.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, what type of attraction is it and what is the postcode?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. The postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by 11:15. Can you give me a contact number and the car type?|Okay, I've booked you a black Lexus. The contact number is 07019239723.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today.|Wonderful! Enjoy your time in the city.
I'm looking for Milton Country Park. Can you tell me about it?|Of course, it's a park located in the north area of town and has no entrance fee. The phone number there is 01223420060
What kind of attraction is it?|It is a country park? Would you like to find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves international food and located in the centre of town.|The Varsity Restaurant is your best bet. Would you like a table there?
Is that in the moderate price range?|It sure is. May i book it for you?
No thank you but I would like the full address and phone number please.|The address for the Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi between the two places? I want to get to the attraction by 20:45.|Your taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Could I please have the contact number and car type for the taxi?|Yes. The contact number is 07874698505 and the car type is a Grey Skoda. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that was everything that I needed help with. Thank you very much for helping me.|Have a great day!
Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?|Cityrooms is the one moderately priced hotel in the area.   It has free wifi but no free parking.  Would you like me to book you?
No thank you, I'm just looking for now. That's everything I needed.|Very good.  If we can be of more assistance please let us know.  have a good day!
Is Cityrooms 4 stars?  I'm sorry I forgot to specify, but I do require it.|It isn't, and unfortunately I don't have a hotel that matches that criteria.
Okay, how about one in the cheap price range?|I have the alexander bed and breakfast or el shaddai. Which would you prefer?
Alexander Bed and breakfast, can I get the address and hotel type please?|alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for scudamores punting co, what  attraction type is it?|It's a boat attraction in the centre area. Do you want their phone number?
No, I just need a taxi to get between the two places.|Sure. What time would you like to leave and from which destination?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:45 please.|Your car is a black tesla contact number 07908996217
Will that be all?
Excellent. That's all i needed.|I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! See you soon!
i need a taxi pick up at london kings cross train station going to saigon city|Ok, what time do you want to leave by?
I want to leave by 05:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow bmw
Contact number	:	07229816957
Is there a cinema in the North?|There are no cinemas to the North.
Is there a museum to the North?|There are no museums in the north but there is a park, would you like information about it?
No thank you but I do need a place to stay that has a star of 4 and in the moderate price range|There are several guesthouses available, Acorn guesthouse is highly recommended.  Shall I book a room for you?
Actually, I was looking for a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that match your preferences.
How about a cheap one then I am not picky|The only thing I have that meets your criteria is a guesthouse called the Worth House. It is 4 star rated, in the north and cheap.
I really want a hotel. Are there any cheap ones in town?|How about The Cambridge Belfry, in the West part of town?
That will be fine.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I need a reservation.|Thank you, I need to know the number of days, people and when you want to check in.
I'm looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.  Can you suggest something for me?|I'm sorry, I'm afraid that I can't. If you're open to exploring other parts of town there's Funky Fun House in the east, and several others as well.
What is the entry fee?|i'm not sure what the entrance fee is but i could give you their phone number
That would be great. Can you also give me the postcode?|Okay, the phone number is 01223304705 and the post code is cb58hy. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you give me information on Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|It is an expensive hotel located in the east side of town with a 2-star rating. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll be arriving on Saturday with my lady friend and staying 2 nights.|Booking was successful your reference number is 1BUWNWOF. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Nope.  That is all I needed.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a concert hall in the east.|I am sorry but there are no concert halls in the east. There is one in the centre of town, though. Do you want more information about it?
How about a museum in the east?|There are 4. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve high st, and st barnabas press gallery.
Thank you very much, could I have the phone number for each of those museums?|Cambridge Artworks' number is 01223902168, Cambridge Museum of Technology is 01223368650, Gallery at twelve a high street 01223295264, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery 01223902116. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving indian food?|We have 9 options in the centre for Indian food, any preference on price range?
I have no preference on the price range.|I would recommend Saffron Brasserie then, the atmosphere is fantastic. They are expensive. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please. Book it for 2 on Wednesday at 11:45.|I was unable to make a reservation at the time you wanted. Would you like to try another time
Please try 10:45.|The booking for 10:45 was successful, your reference number is X91CKCCU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will need a taxi to go between the two places please.|Okay, when would you like to leave?
I would like to arrive at 10:45.|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge Artworks please and going to Saffron Brasserie.|You are all set, look for a grey bmw, the phone number is 07332820178, can I assist with anything else?
No, thats it thanks!|I'm pleased I could assist you.
Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in while I'm in town.|Do you have a preferred section of town?
Not really, but I want free wifi and it should be 4 star.|I have several places. Are you sure you do not have an area you prefer?
It doesn't matter which area it's in. Which would you recommend?|A lot of people like Autumn House in the east part of town, they're very economically priced. Would you like me to book you a room?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 4 nights starting tuesday?|I am afraid the hotel could not be booked. Is there another day you would like to book or maybe a shorter amount of time to stay?
Could you try it for 2 nights instead?|The booking was successful! Your reference number is PBU17G6I. Can I assist you with anything else?
No that is all I needed thank you very much! And enjoy the rest of the day!|I'm happy to help. Have a nice day too.
I need a taxi today|Sure! what is your departure site?
I need to leave from broughton house gallery|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I really need to get there by 16:30 please.|Ok, and what is your destination?
My destination is downing college.|Your booking is complete.  The car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07614934136.
That's all I need, thanks!|You're welcome.  Have a great night!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves austrian food.|Unfortunately there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Any other kind of food you might consider?
If you don't have any restaurants that serve Austrian food, do you at least have any restaurants in the cheap price range?|There are two restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. A Chinese restaurant and a Protugese restaurant. Are either of these okay?
Portuguese sounds great.|Excellent. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I need it for 4 people at 15:00 on saturday please.|Alright, I was able to book you a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:00. Your reference number is M9SA1TCA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of Alexander Bed and Breakfast, can you help me find it?|Sure. The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a gueshouse located in the center of town. It's address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you I need to book four people for 2 nights starting saturday|Ok I've got you booked for 4 people for 2 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is H1VE80W2. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a taxi to commute between two places that arrives by 15:00. With the contact number and car type.|What is your departure site and what is your destination?
The hotel you just booked for me, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and restaurant you booked, the Portugese restaurant.|No problem. I've booked a yellow volkswagen for you. The number is 07168534241.
Great thanks! I believe that is everything I need for today. Good bye!|Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to eat that is cheap.|What type of food are you interested in?
I'd like some Italian food.|La Margherita is a great (and cheap!) Italian place on the west side of town. Would you like a table there?
Yeah. Can I get one for 8 people on friday at 14:30 please?|Absolutely, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I definitely need the reference number. Thank you.|Great, you are all booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 8ON7IKVZ. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
Well now that you've asked, I would like some information about the kirkwood house hotel|It is a moderate price range with internet and parking. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I nee to book a room Friday. for 3 nights, 8 people. I'll also need a reference number.|your booking was successful and reference number is 8ON7IKVZ
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places,|What is your departure and arrival sites and times?
Have the taxi pick us up at the Kirkwood house at 14:00 and at the restaurant at 16:30.|Your taxi has been booked from Kirkwood House to La Margherita at 14:00. You will be picked up by a yellow tesla with contact #07403061771.
Sweet, thanks a lot for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the North end that offers free parking|There are 11 to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Oh, wait. I think maybe a guesthouse would better suit our needs.|How about the arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds to be a good one. May i please have their address and description of the location?|The Arbury Lodge is located in the north part of town, at 82 Arbury Road. Do you want to make a reservation?
Actually, right now, I just need to have the address.  Also, I need to find a restaurant.  Expensive with northern European food.|The address for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is 82 Arbury Road. There are no expensive North European restaurants in Cambridge. Do you want to change the food type?
How about an expensive Korean restaurant?|little seoul has great food, when would you like the reservation for and for how many?
Six people at 17:45 on Wednesday would work great.  Can I get a reference number please?|The reference number is R20I7FP5 do you need help with anything else?
I also need to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the hotel.|Do you mean from the guesthouse to the restaurant?
Yes, excuse me. Can you please book a taxi that will arrive there by the reservation time?|Ok, I've booked you a taxi. It will be a white toyota, with the contact number	:	07693044050
Great, thank you so much!  That's everything I needed.  Have a great day!|great day and thanks for inquiring from us
It was my pleasure. thanks a gain.|welcome all the time
I've really got to go. I am late for work. Goodbye.|I'm so sorry about that, it looks like someone left the phone off the hook, i'll hang up now. good bye.
I am looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me with this?|There are 13 hotels in the north. Do you want a guesthouse or a proper hotel?
I'm looking for a proper hotel, please. If it had free wifi, well, I wouldn't complain about that either.|The Ashley hotel is in the north and has both free internet and parking. Would you care to go here?
Yes, I want to  book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. May I also have the reference number?|Alright, your room is booked for the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights with 6 people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would like to have the reference number for the room booking please.|The reference number is 75625428.  Anything else?
Yes.  I want to check out a college in the centre.|Cambridge has many colleges in the center of town. Downing College is nice, and it's free to get in.
That sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode?|It's in the centre of town and it's at cb21dq.
I would now like to book a taxi from my hotel at 06;15 going to the college.|I have confirmed your taxi a black lexus will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07864379890. Do you need further assistance?
Actually, can I get the street address of Downing College before we go?|The address for downing college is regent street. Have a great day.
I want to book a taxi to arrive by 02:15 to take me to Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from the missing sock.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07606586690
That is all I need, have a good one.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Bye!
Are there any available rooms in the Autumn House?|Autumn house has a guesthouse. When are you looking to stay?
Maybe.  What is the star rating and price range on that hotel?|it has four stars and its cheap
I am also looking for Cambridge Contemporary Art.|Sure, I have found it for you. Is there anything you want to know about?
Can you give me their entrance fee and phone number?|no problem. Their phone number is 01223324222 and the entrance fee is free.
Awesome. Can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? I want to leave the hotel by 24:45.|You are all set. Your taxi would be a red lexus and you can contact them at 07614169632. Is there anything else I can help?
That's all i need. Thank you so much for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant serving seafood, in the center of the town.|Loch Fyne offers seafood in the city centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I want expensive Italian food instead.|No problem!  I found four restaurants for you to chose from.  Would you like for me to make a reservation at one of them?
Yes I need a table for 8 Sunday at 16:45.|ok, first let's verify which restaurant you would like out of the four.
Please give me the names of the 4 choices and I'll make my selection.  Needs to be an expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  Thanks!|stazione restaurant and coffee bar, don pasquale pizzeria, clowns cafe, caffe uno
I would like to book a reservation for 8 on Sunday at 16:45 at Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar.|This has been booked. Anything else I could help you with ?
Can I please get the reference number and then can you help me find some places to go near the restaurant?|Apologies, the reference number is : AY05TZJQ. I have 44 places that I can recommend near the restaurant. Do you have any type of preferences?
Im sorry for being so loop, how about a college in that area, whatever you recommend.|There are 13 colleges in the centre, but I personally recommend corpus christi. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need to book a taxi.|For the taxi, please specify a place of departure, a destination, and a time by which to leave or arrive
I would be leaving the restaurant.|Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
I will be need a taxi also to get from Corpus Christi College to the restaurant.|Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
Just one more thing. What is the entrance fee for the college?|The entrance fee for Corpus Christi College is 2 pounds.
Thanks, I'm good to go now. I appreciate your help, bye!|Have a wonderful trip.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of cuisine or price range you are looking for?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but I need a table for 7 people for Tuesday at 13:15.|Unfortunately there is no vacancy on that day at that time. Can we try another day or time?
Could we try for Tuesday at 12:15 please.|I made a reservation at Bedouin, an African restaurant, for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:15.  Your reservation number is PN95JSUF.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called Whale of a Time.  Do you have any information on it?|Yes, Whale of a Time is located in the west part of town, phone number is 01954781018. Any other questions?
Could I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb238el, address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and there is not an entrance fee listed. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you book me a taxi between those two? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation please.|I have booked a Yellow Tesla for you and you will arrive at the restaurant by 12:15.  The contact number for the taxi is 07916644539.  Is there anything else?
No, that should do it, thanks!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the expensive price range. Can you help me?|There are zero guesthouses in the expensive range. Would you like to explore hotels or other price ranges?
Ok. Can we look for something on the north side?|There are several moderately priced guesthouses in the North.  Arbury Lodge, perhaps?  It has a 4 star rating.
That sounds like a good option! Does it include internet? I won't be needing it during my stay, but I'd like to know.|Yes, the arbury guest house offers internet
Can you book it for me?|How many people and how many days would you like to book for?
Please book for 2 people, for 5 nights, starting from Wednesday.|I have you booked for a room on Wednesday, for 5 nights, for two people.  Your reference number is JHI0YPSS.  Would you like help with anything else?
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the same price range as the hotel|There are four! 3 in the centre, and 1 in the north!
I want the one in the north please|golden wok is what you're looking for, can i book it for you?
Yes, please book golden wok for 2 people at 18:45 on Wednesday.|Booked! The reference number is V9O804ND. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I also get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant please?|A blue tesla will be picking you up in time to arrive at the restaurant by 18:45. Their Contact number	is 07398063187. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to book a taxi from Saint Johns Chop House to Williams Art and Antiques please.|Not a problem, I will need your preferred pick up and arrival times in order to book your cab.
The taxi should leave by 3:15.|I have booked a taxi for you! The car is a yellow honda. The contact number is 07799036655. Is there anything else you need today?
I'm sorry, could you make sure the taxi is actually leaving after 3:15?  I made an error earlier.|No problem, a blue lexus will pick you up at 3:20. The contact number is 07581540721. Will there be anything else?
That should be perfect!|It was a pleasure to help you.
Thank you so much!|Thank you let me know if you need anything else.
I need to book a taxi to pembroke college from prezzo.|When would you like to leave?
I would like to get there by 13:00.|Ok, what time would you like to leave?
I want to get there by 13:00.|I've booked for you a white Volkswagen, the contact number is 07750608995.
Ok, that's all I need. Thanks!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Goodbye.|Have a great trip.
Can you give me info on four start places, It doesn;t matter if they have free wifi or not.|There are several 4 star hotels in Cambridge. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the city center. I will be driving there.|Do you have a star or price preference?
I would like a 4 star.|There's a hotel and a guesthouse that meet your criteria and since you're driving, both offer parking. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Could you book the hotel for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F4RNCHZA. You will be staying at the University Arms Hotel. Is there anything more I can do for you?
Looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel, possibly a concerthall.|There is only one concert hall in town.  The Man on the Moon is located in the centre.
Well I guess that's where I'll be then. Can you tell me the address and entrance fee?|Of course. The address is 2 Norfolk Street. I'm afraid that the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to leave the attraction please.|And where are you headed?
To my hotel.  I want to leave the attraction by 08:45 please.|The car will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07060826404. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed.  You were very helpful.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like a hotel while in cambridge. It doesn't need parking or internet.|We have a few choices to pick from, any preferences on pricing or area?
The price doesn't matter are there any 3 star places available?|the lensfield hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south and gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel in the centre
What is the price range and phone number of the gonville hotel?|The phone number is 01223366611. It is expensive.
Thanks!  I also want to ride on a boat, is that something you can help with?  I would like to do this in the south area of town.|No boats in that area, is there another location you have in mind?
Hmmm...how about a nightclub, instead?|There is the place their address is 22 sidney street and number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was there an entrance fee to that nightclub?|The entrance fee is not available. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 07:30.|Okay, I've got you book in a black lexus with Contact number 07490949646.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today. Good-bye.|Ok. I hope you enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. I definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Of course. There are two hotels in the north and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything to the west, preferably with a 4 star rating?|I'm sorry but nothing exists in the north with a 4 star rateing in the moderate price range. Could we try another area?
is there one in the cheap range?|No, there is not.
Oh goodness.  Can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west.  Cheap is fine.|The cambridge belfry is located at back lane, cambourne. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yeah book for 5 people|For how many days?
Will this start on Friday?|Ok i'm sorry but i'm confused. Would you like reservations? What day will it start? How many people?
I'm sorry for the confusion. I would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning Friday, at the Cambridge Belfry.|You are all booked and your reservation number is L76Y47ZV
Thank you for the reservation. I am also looking for a lovely park in north Cambridge.|I would suggest Milton country park.
What is the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223420060.
I also need a taxi between the two places.|Please give me the travel time, departure location and arrival location.
i want to leave the hotel by 4:30|What time do you need to leave the restaurant by?
I want to be pickup at at the hotel by 4:30.|Great your booking is complete. You will be picked up in a grey BMW by 4:30 at The Cambridge Belfry and dropped off at the Milton Country Park.
Do you have their contact number?|Their contact number is 07055906987. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me out with some information on a specific hotel?|Of course, could you please give me the name of the Hotel you are looking for?
I'm looking for the Express by Holiday Inn.|This hotel is on the east side of town, rated 2 stars, and in the expensive pricerange. Do you need more information or can I book a room for you?
Thank you! Please book a room for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Friday.|Okay, I was able to get you the booking. Your reference number is SQ6GX5Q5. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant called the rice boat.|Rice boat is an expensive Indian food restaurant in the west, located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you book me a setting there for the same group and day at 17:30?|I certainly ca. Your reservation number is ZK68BCKQ.
thanks, i also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant. can you help?|you will be riding in a grey audi and the contact number is 07939088518
Okay great thank you.|Have a great day!
I need to find a really cheap hotel can you help me find one?|There are 10 really cheap hotels I've found. Is there a certain area you're looking for?
I need to find a hotel in the west that has free wifi and located in the west please.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel that should meet your needs.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, can you book that for friday for 3 nights?|I'd love to - how many people in your party?
There will be 5 of us.|I booked you a room with reference number 39RB6I37.  Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I am also looking for a cheap, italian restaurant near the hotel.|I have two near the hotel, the la margherita is very cheap. Would you like me to reserve it?
Can I please get the address for it?|Yes, of course. The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, but I do want to book a taxi to go between the restaurant and the hotel, leaving the restaurant by 19:00.|Ok, I have reserved a taxi for you leaving the restaurant at 19:00. It will be a red Volvo, and the contact number is 07540782675. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Yes I am looking for a hotel on the North side of town. I am not needing parking.|There are two guesthouses meeting your requirements. Would you prefer the 3 or 4 star one?
I need it to be moderately priced with a 2 star rating. Are either one of them fit this description?|Both hotels are moderately priced, but there are no 2 star ratings. Do you want to try a different rating?
Are there any with 2 stars that offer free parking?|Yes, there are two guesthouses available with free parking, one with internet and one without.  Do you have a preference?
I would like one without the internet.|I'm sorry, there has been a mix up. There are two 2 star hotels available, the Ashley and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels and have internet and free parking.
Let's go with Ashley. Book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.|Ok, I have booked your reservation at the Ashley hotel for 8 people 3 nights starting Saturday, Your confirmation number is P94ETSL1.
I'm looking to go someplace in town. Maybe for entertainment. Do you have any recommendations?|We have serveal entertainment attractions. Would you like to try the funky fun house?
That sounds funky. Sure.|The number there is 01223304705 and it's on 8 Mercer's Row.  Anything else?
What's the entrance fee?|I have no information in my system about their entrance fee.  You are welcome to call them and see if they can provide you with that detail.
I will need a taxi to take me from the Funky Fun house to my hotel.|I would be happy to help you get a taxi, what time would you like to leave funky fun house?
I want to leave by 01:30.|I was able to book a taxi for you from Funky Fun House to Ashley Hotel. It is a white BMW and the contact number is 07616230310.
okay, that should be all! thank you so much for your assistance!|It was my pleasure to assist you. Call us again anytime. Have a good day.
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.|Do you have any other preferences, such as a price range or a particular part of town?
Indeed I do. I'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. The hotel should have a 4 star rating.|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a match! Would you like me to book a room?
So that's a hotel and not a guesthouse? And do they have free parking?|Yes, it's a hotel that has free parking. Should I make a booking for you?
No thank you.  I also would like a place to go in town.|I see many art galleries and museums in that part of town, do you have a preference for one over the other?
I am looking for a college.|There are several colleges,what part of town would you like ?
It doesn't matter, pick one for me?  I'll just need the address.|Okay, I suggest clare hall. It is in the west. The address is herschel road. Entrance is free.
Thanks. Now I just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the Huntingdon Marriott and take me to Clare Hall. I'll need car type and contact number|Your car is booked. The care type is a blue toyota. Your contact number is 07372726556
Thank you. That is it for now.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I need to taxi from Ian hong house.|Sure, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to saint johns chop house.|Alright. Now, can you just tell me either when you'd like to leave after or the time you'd like to arrive by?
I'd like to arrive by 9:00 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volvo
Contact number	:	07956401800
I'm looking for information.  I need to find some places to go in town.|I can help with that! Cambridge has lots of different attractions do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
it should be in the south.|how about tenpin? it's located in the south.
That should work then. Can I get their address and postcode please?|tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, posrtcode cb17dy.  I do not have fee information, but they can be reached at 0871550101.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|There is no option for me to book it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel to stay out in the moderate price range, it also needs to have free parking.|Well, I have a couple of choices for a moderate hotel. They're both in the north and have two stars (and free parking). One is the Ashley Hotel and the other is Lovell Lodge. Do you have a preference?
I'll do the Ashley Hotel. I need a room for 5 nights starting on Monday.|Great! How many people will be staying?
It's just me|So just 1 person?
Yeah, like I said, it will just be me staying.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is : 9AA41TBM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get from the hotel and the attraction.|When would you like to leave ashley hotel or arrive at tenpin?
I need to arrive by 21:45.|Booking completed! Lookout for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07652098253. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's everything for me. Thank you!|You are more than welcome! good bye.
I'm just looking for a hotel called Leverton House.|That's an excellent 4 star hotel. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they have free parking available?|Yes, it does have free parking.
Please give me information on the star rating and their number.|01223292094 is their phone number. it has 4 stars.
Can you also provide me with their address please?|Sure. Their address is 732-734 newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a theatre.  Possibly in the centre.|Sure, I enjoy The Cambridge Arts Theatre at 6 Saint Edward's Passage.  It is free, which is a plus.
Perfect, could I have the phone number please?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223503333.
I would like to  book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I want to leave the hotel by 05:45.|I have your taxi booked. It will be a black Audi and the contact number is 07242534266. Will there be anything else?
No,that is all. Thank you!|thank you goodbye
I need a tax departing from Kambar and arriving by 23:15.|Okay, and what is your destination?
I would like to go to a Shanghai family restaurant please.|I booked that taxi for you. The car is a red honda and the contact number is 07091293811.
Thank you for you assistance!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I'll be needing for now.  You were great, thank you again for helping me!|Thank you for using this system!
I would like to book a taxi to leave after 11:45 to go to king's college.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch. In addition, I would like the car type and its contact number.|It's your lucky day!  The car reserved for you is a yellow Tesla.  The contact number is 07996702109. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you for all the help.|No problem and thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. have a spectacular day.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|I found nine cheap guesthouses.  Would you like to book at the Allenbell?  It has 4 stars and is in the east side.
Do you have anything on the North side?|There are two options on the North side, City Centre North B and B or Worth House. Would you like more information about either of those establishments?
I'd like to book Worth House for 2 people starting Sunday for 4 nights. Can I get the reference number please?|I was able to book the Worth House for you for 2 guests for a total of 4 nights. Your reference number is ZB2FS6W4.
Thanks so much, I appreciate the help.|You are certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for an Indian restauarnt in the same area as the guesthouse.|There are two Indian restaurants in the North, The Nirala, which has a moderate pricerange, and Royal Spice, which has a cheap pricerange. Which would you like to book?
Actually can I just have the phone number and address to The Nirala please?|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and it's phone number is 01223360966.
Thanks.  I will also need a taxi to take us back and forth to the restaurant at 17:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number?|I have booked you a blue volkswagen from worth house to the nirala at 17:45. The contact number is 	07301287073
Thank you for your help. That's all I need today!|You're welcome, goodbye!
I'm looking for some kind of specific places to go later today.|There is so much to do here, what part of town are you in?
I'm in the centre.  How about something architecture?|We have 5 options for you. Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds and located on Market Square. I also have All Saints Church on Jesus Lane with free admission.
All saints church would be nice. Could I get a phone number for them?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223452587.
Can you locate me an Irish restaurant near the church?|I am not able to access that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a particular hotel, lovell lodge.|It's a 2 star moderately priced hotel in the north. Would you like the address and a room?
Can you book me a taxi from Lovell Lodge to All Saints Church? I want to leave by 07:15.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07250174829.
Thank you so much for all of your help.  I'm done now.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I would like some information on places to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a guesthouse that includes free wifi, parking does not matter.|I have many options for you! Which area of town do you prefer? And do you have a preferred price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|I'd recommend Avalon. It's located in the north, is moderately priced, and has internet. Would you like to make a booking?
I would also like to go to a museum.|I recommend the Cambridge Artworks museum located in the East area.  The entrance fee is Free.  Would you like the address?
I'm sorry for jumping ahead. I do want to book the guesthouse starting Tuesday for 5 people staying 2 nights.|Great. You're all booked. The reference number is 7H3I38KW.
Thanks. Now could I get the phone number for Cambridge Artworks please?|Their phone number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town to kill a few hours.|Cambridge artworks is nice. It is located at 5 greens road, in the east area.
Okay, can you get a taxi for me? I want to depart the attraction at 12:00 and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact number|I have booked that taxi service for you. They will be in a yellow telsa and a number to reach them is 07644001089.
.
OK, great, thanks.  That is all.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a guesthouse style place to stay. It needs to have free parking.|There are many guesthouses that meet this criteria. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the West|I have 2 guesthouses matching your criteria. The Finches Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is 4 stars and includes free parking and internet. Would you be interested in this?
I am looking for a guesthouse with 0 stars.|I'm sorry, I can't find a guesthouse that meets those specifications. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there one in the north?|Yes, the city centre north b and b is a zero star guest house in the north, with free parking and free wifi. Would you like it booked?
Not yet. Can I get the phone number for the hotel first?|Yes, the number is 01223312843
Could you tell me what price range that hotel is in?|city centre north b and b is priced as a cheap hotel.
I am looking for some places to go in the east of multiple sports. Can you help?|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Their phone number is 01223576412.
I need a taxi to commute between the two. Can you help?|When would you like to leave/arrive by?
I will be needing to leave the hotel by 16:45. Can you arrange that?|Certainly!  I have booked you with a red skoda, whose contact number is 07790176286. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great. That was all I needed.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Where can I find a Vietnamese restaurant in West Cambridge?|There is one vietnamese restuarant in the west area, thanh binh. Can I book a table for you, if so how many will be dining?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 on Thursday at 17:00.|It looks like that day and time are full. Is there another day or time slot you would like to try?
How about a table for 8 on Thurday at 16:00|I was able to book the table for your party of eight at 16:00. The reference number is RLTOT7X2. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to go. I want to go to the museum and it should be in the west area.|There is a Museum of classical archaeology on sidgwick avenue for free, and a Cambridge and Country Folk Museum located at 2-3 castle street for 3.50 pounds.There are also several free galleries in the area. Can I give you more information on any of these?
Just the postcode for the Cambridge and Country Folk Museum, please.|The postcode is at cb30aq
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and the museum.|Is there a specific time you would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant or museum?
By 16:00 and I need the contact number and car type please.|I have successfully booked your taxi. You will be riding in a blue BMW. The company's contact phone number is 07883192583. Would there be anything else I could help with?
I want to make sure that it will arrive by 16:00. Can you please confirm?|I believe that will be the case. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all I need, thanks.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
We want to find a restaurant that serves unusual food.|Do you have a particular type of food you'd like to try?
No, just please make sure the food's unusual, located in the north and expensive.|Saigon city serves Asian oriental in the north part of town.
That's pretty offensive to call Asian oriental unusual. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves food labelled as unusual.|I have no restaurants that list there food as unusual, do you have any other preferences?
Ok, how about Chinese food? Still expensive and in the north please.|yes, there's a place called the hotpot
Let me have a reservation at Hotpot on Friday, thank you.|Ok, how many people and what time?
7 people at 19:45 on friday.|I was able to make a booking for the hotpot. You reservation number is 55CAP7FC.
Awesome. Now can you tell me if there is a swimming pool nearby the restaurant? I love to swim after egg rolls!|There are two in the north; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Would you like the location of either of those?
Can you pick the best swimming pool and get me the postcode and phone number please?|I'm going to recommend the kings hedges learner pool located at jedburgh court, kings hedges the post code is cb42xh. The phone number is 01223353248.
I also need to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant. I need to arrive by 19:45.|What time do you need to leave by?
I just need it to arrive by the time the restaurant was booked.|How many people are traveling?
7 people for the taxi.|Ok, you are booked for a 19:45 arrival time, the taxi is a white audi. Is there anything else?
Can I get the contact number for the taxi as well, please?|Contact number is 07625009528 Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.|Have a nice day.
I have a business luncheon this week and need a place to host, preferably in the centre of the city.|There are plenty of hotels and guesthouses that would do the trick in that area. Do you have a price range?
I'd like it to be expensive.|I've found 2 hotels that fit your criteria. One is called Gonville Hotel and the other is University Arms Hotel.
Excellent.  Can I get the phone number for the Gonville Hotel?|Sure thing. Their phone number is 	01223366611 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of city and is expensive. Can you help me with that?|I sure can.  If there is a specific type of food you are interested in that would help to narrow down the possibilities.
I don't really care. It's for a business meeting so just need to make sure it's expensive so it's nice.|The Cambridge Chop House would be my recommendation, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also need the reference number.|First I'll need to know how many are in your party, and what day and time you'd like?
There are 4 people. I would like it to be on Monday and arrive by 15:15.|I was able to book your table. Your reference number is FFFW4HLE.
Great, I am also looking for an expensive range guesthouse in the same area.|No, we don't have any guesthouses that are expensive.
I need a guesthouse that is in the same area as the restaurant, centre, and has free parking, too.|I am sorry we have no guesthouse hotels in the centre of town. Would you prefer another location?
I needed it to be in that side. anyway thanks for your help|Are you sure you would not prefer another side of town?
Are there any hotels like that in that area?|We have two guesthouses in centre that are on the cheap side. The alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating. Would you like that one?
Yes please just book that hotel for me.|What day would you be arriving at the guesthouse?
I get into town Monday. Is the guesthouse expensive?|It is priced cheap. Would you like a different price range?
No the price range is fine. Just make sure it is in the same area as the restaurant.|Great, how many people do you want to book at Guesthouse and for how many days?
Sorry, I actually want an expensive hotel with parking in that same area|There is one option. It is the university arms hotel.
Okay, I want a reservation for 4 people starting monday, for 3 nights total|You are booked. Your reference number is PWFVG1HP
Thanks. Now I will be needing a taxi please. I want to depart from the hotel|What time do you want to leave or arrive by and what is your destination
I want to leave at 15:15 and go to the cambridge chop house|Booking completed! Booked red lexus and their contact number is 07732008521.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all I needed. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
I'm looking for a restaurant called ask. Do you know of it?|It is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Centre of town at 12 Bridge Street. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, we would like a reservation there for Thursday.|And at what time would you like to arrive?
16:15 for 4 people, I am also needing a hotel with a 2 star rating and in the expensive price range.|OK, I was able to make that reservation for you. Also, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge should fit your lodging needs.
I think you forgot to give me the reference number for my dinner reservation? Does the hotel have free wifi and free parking?|sorry about that, yes it has free parking and internet
I would like to book it for 5 nights for 4 people from Saturday please. I will need my reference number.|Your reference number is 9WCO5NO5, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant.|I have a black Volkswagen picking you up.  Your contact number is: 07517630654.
Great thanks! I need to get to work, so thanks again. Goodbye.|your welcome, have a nice day!
I'm trying to get a taxi please|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to leave after 05:45|Okay, great. And where will you be traveling to and from?
The pick up place will be wandlebury country park and the drop off at curry prince|Alright, you are all set - your car is a grey bmw, contact number 07365045410
That's great, thank you for your help.|Thank you too.  I hope you have a great day.
I am looking for a entertainment attraction in the centre of town.|I'm sorry I have no entertainment options in the center of town. Would you be interested in trying another type of attraction or area?
Yes can you look for a museum?|Yes there are 11 different museums in centre.  Are you interested in a particular type?
Can you tell me the different museums available?|What are you interested in?
Are there any that feature anything archeological items?|there is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology
That sounds great. Can you give me the phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223333516.
Can I get the postcode for the museum as well?|Of course. The postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need an insanely expensive hotel that has free wifi|There are 5 options available. Do you prefer a specific area or number of stars?
The highest rated one you have, I need 5 people booked for a 2 night stay starting saturday.|I have 2 options available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the University Arms Hotel in the Centre. Both are 4 star with internet and parking.
Can you book the marriott hotel for 5 people and 2 nights on saturday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5K1TGKMU.
i also need to use  a taxi|Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your travel destination, departure site, and time please.
I'll be going from the museum to the hotel. I'll need to leave by 09:30 please.|You are all set. Please look for a blue Toyota, which will arrive by 9:30. The contact number is 07988683424. Do you need anything else today?
that is all for today thanks very much|Any time, happy to help! Have a good day!
Please help me with a taxi|Sure! where are you going?
I'm going to pizza hut fen ditton.|Where will you be coming from?
I am leaving from the beautiful saint catharine's college.|What time would you like to be picked up from your start point, or dropped off at your destination?
Oh anytime after 11:45 a.m would be fine|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07089951396
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
I want to get a taxi and leave at 345. I need to go to saigon city.|Ok, what is your departure site?
I need to be picked up at all saints church, please.|Booking is complete, a grey volvo will be picking you up.
Could you give me the contact number for the taxi?|Sure, the contact number is 07640034506. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it for now. Thanks!|Glad to help. Have a great day!
I'm heading to Club Salsa, and I need a taxi.|I'll be happy to get one for you, what time would you like to leave?
I need to be at club salsa by 6:00 leaving la tasca.|I have booked a taxi for you. It is a blue lexus and the contact number is 07417152476. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything.|Ok, enjoy your time at Club Salsa, come back if you need any further assistance!
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse in the center of town for 3 people and 4 nights.  I'd like wifi and free parking too.|The place that fits all your needs in the centre of town is Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is that place cheap?|It is cheap! Would you like to book a room there?
Can I get the address and star rating?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road in the centre.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an architecture type place in the west. Can you help me?|I can not find any attractions that meet that criteria. Is there another attraction type you want me to search for or perhaps another area
How about entertainment instead?|Whale of a time looks available if you'd like that
Yes that sounds good can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and address.|The phone number is 01954781018, the address is 'unit 8, viking way, bar hill', but I'm sorry, the admission price is unavailable right now.
Thanks, I would like a taxi from the two places too.|I have booked you a taxi from Alexander B&B to Whale of a Time. It leaves by 10:00 and arrives to Whale of a Time by 10:30. Is that good?
Yeah, can I get the contact number and car type, please?|The taxi will be a blue volkswagen and their number is 07623192315. What else van I help you with?
That should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!|Thanks for using our service.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|There are many moderately priced restaurants that meet your criteria, what type of food are you looking for?
I would like it to serve food from the americas.|Unfortunately I could not find any restaurants serving food from the Amercias in the moderate price range.
How about european food?|There are 2. Did you want me to book one of them?
What are the names?|'Hotel du vin and bistro' and 'galleria'
I would like to book a table for three on Friday, at 16:00.|Certainly, can I book your table at hotel du vin and bistro or would you prefer a table at galleria?
I need to book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on friday at galleria|Your table has been booked and is reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is M32YYIJN.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.|I have the information pulled up. What would you like to know about it?
Do they offer free parking? And can I get the phone number for them please.|Yes, there is free parking at Hamilton Lodge. The phone number is 01223365664.
Is it possible to arrange a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant by 16:00?|i have booked you a taxi, red tesla, phone number is 718 850 4433.
Thank you that's all that I needed|Thank you have a great day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the east please.|We have 6 total guesthouses in the east, any more preferences?
Yes, I would like free wifi and a 4 star rating.|I have six places, is there a price range you have in mind?
Not particularly. Do you have one you would recommend?|I recommen a and b guest house. Should I book that?
please,  For 2 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday|Unfortunately there are no rooms available for Wednesday in the East. Could I look at a different location or day?
Can you try 4 nights instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 1F0GOZ1D.
Great, could I also find someplace near the hotel to go for fun?|funky fun house would be nice for you
I want to go to a place that has architecture.|Yes, I've pulled up information on old schools and churches and they are all located in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
If I could just get the phone numbers and postcodes, that would be great!|All saints church is located at postcode cb58bs. Their number is 01223452587.
That's perfect, I've heard of it. How about a cozy 4 star guesthouse nearby?|Okay I have one matching that description in the city center and it is in the cheap price range but 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Does it include free parking as well?|It does.  It is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can I get the price range for that guesthouse please?|It is a cheap guesthouse. Would you like to book a room?
No, but can you get me a taxi to the guesthouse? I should finish sightseeing at 2:30.|You're all set! The car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07351739758.
THank you that is all I needed today, have a nice day.|You're welcome, please contact us if you need help with something else.
i want to book a hotel  of moderate price in the south.|There are no hotels in the range, but two guesthouses in the south moderately priced.  Would they be something you would consider or do you want another search?
I need one in the south, moderate price, free wifi.|There are two guesthouses in the moderate price range in the south side of town with free Wifi. One 3 and one 4 star. Can i book one for you?
Oh. One more thing. Is there free parking?|Both options have free parking available.
Okay, could you book one for me?|I would love to but our system is down right now.
Can you please give it one more try.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know the day you'll be checking in, the number in your party, and for how many nights?
I don't need to book, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town with the same area as the hotel and it should be a nightclub.|There is quite a few, how about soul tree nightclub, it's a real hot spot!
Sounds great, I need their postal can I also book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel at 01:15|cb23qf is the postcode.
I also need to book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel leaving by 01:15.|A black bmw is booked. The contact number is 07078788230
Okay, great. Thanks for all your help today. I appreciate it. Goodbye.|It is a pleasure to have assisted you! Goodbye!
Please I need a place to Stay in Cambridge and I have the express by holiday inn Cambridge in mind. Can you help book that for me?|I can help with that.  When would you like to stay?
I am not sure. Would you happen to be able to tell me the price range?|That hotel is considered to be on the more expensive side.
I also need a restaurant in the  center of town that serves chinese food|What price range were you considering? There are 10 Chinese restaurants in that area.
Price doesn't matter to me. Do you have any recommendations?|I do! I'd recommend the Ugly Duckling. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on tuesday.|All srt, the reference number is GCSU8UZP  Can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need a few more specifics before I can book that taxi for you.
I want a taxi between the hotel and Ugly Duckling in time for my booking.|we have booked white bmw and the contact is 07951264256
That is all I will need. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking to book a taxi to Cocum.|All right, when would you like to depart?
After 2:30, please.|Certainly.  I'm sending a grey toyota.  The contact number is 07520577289.  Can I help you with anything else?
I will need the taxi to depart from archway house.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, I am all set.|Enjoy your trip!
i will be in Cambridge and need a 4 star hotel with wifi|sure I can assist you with that. When is your stay?
I want to arrive on Monday and Leave Sunday.|I have 2 in the west area and 1 available in the centre of town. Does area or price matter to you?
I would also like free parking. Price doesn't matter.|I recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive, but a good place on regent street.
What is the price and the address for that hotel?|The address is regent street and it is in the expensive price range.
Is there more an address, such as building number? Also, what area of town is it in? How many starts is it?|The postcode is cb21ad.  It's a 4 star hotel in the centre area of town.
Thanks!  Can you help me find a place to sight see while I am in town?|We have many attractions in town, What type would you prefer? Theatre, museums, parks, etc?
I am looking for a college|Can i recommend churchill college. It's very popular.
That sounds great.  I just need the phone number and entrance fee.|The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance is free.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Churchill College by 04:30 to travel to the University Arms Hotel. Can you book me a taxi, please?|Sure, I've got that booked for you.  Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07188560611
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Enjoy your stay. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking to visit the colleges in town, and need to know the names of some of them.|There are 18 matches. Do you have an area in mind?
Are there any in the centre?|There are 13 in the centre, including Christ's College and Emmanuel College.
The area actually doesn't really matter, I just need the address of one of your recommendations, please?|Sure!  The address for Christ's College is saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu.
Thank you! I am also looking for a hotel with 4 stars.|The university arms hotel is 4 starts and in the centre where the college is, would you like me to book you or provide more information?
Do they have internet and could I have the phone number please?|Yes they have internet and phone 01223351241
I need to book a taxi also. It should leave the hotel by 11:330|Sure! A white honda should pick you up at that time. The contact number is 07825681790. Do you need anything else?
That's all I need right now.  Thanks for the help!|It's been my pleasure. Goodbye.
Hi! I'm looking for a restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.|Sure, it's in the centre of town. Do you want to book a table there?
Please book a table for 4 people.|Sure, I can do that.  What day and time would you like me to book?
Sunday at 19:00 please.|Okay the booking was successful. Reference number is VKKM9KO1.
Thanks, I am also looking for a place to stay.|Great, I can help with that. Do you have an area and price range you want?
in the type of Guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights Sunday please|There are 9 options here. What area would you prefer?
Is there a guesthouse in the center? It would be more convenient near the restaurant.|I don't have any guesthouses in that area meeting your requirements. Would you like me to check in a different area?
Sorry forget area, that doesnt matter. Just choose the first option out of the previous 9 you mentioned and book it with the specifications I mentioned earlier.|The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria. Should I book it for you?
Yes. I need it booked for 4 people on sunday and for 2 nights|I have booked rooms for 4 for 2 nights starting Sunday and the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is 7R08F7KY.  Is there anything else today?
I will also need a taxi to commute between those two places. Could you book me one.|I have booked a white lexus that will get you to the restaurant by 19:00. Phone number is 07132308667.
Thank you for putting up with me!|It's been my pleasure. Can help with something else?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again for all your help! You've been wonderful!|I'm glad I could be of help. Please contact us again, anytime. Good bye.
I need a guesthouse in the center of the town please.|I have 2. The alexander bed and breakfast and the el shaddai. Both are in the cheap price range.
I need it to b moderately priced and include free wifi.|I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced hotels that fit your criteria.  Would you like me to look for something moderately priced in a different part of town?
Can we try in the north instead?|We have 8 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Might I suggest the arbury lodge guesthouse?
Alright, can you book me a room please. I want to stay on Sunday for 2 nights.|Okay, great! How many people will be staying?
It looks like we'll have a total of 5 people in our party.|I have book a room for 5 people beginning on Sunday and continuing for two nights. Your reference number is 2KMVO8NF. Can I help you find anything else?
I am  looking for a place to dine.|What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like to find Asian Oriental.|What is your price range?
It doesn't matter as long as it is near the hotel.|Saigon City is located in the north.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Sunday, 5 people for 15:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1H1XOCSA.
Thank you!  I would also like a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|Booking was completed! A grey Ford will pick you up at 15:15 in front of the guesthouse, contact number 07097490762. Can I assist with anything else?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where would you like the 2nd taxi to take you?
Actually just one taxi was enough, thank you. That's all I need.|you are welcome and thank you too
have a lovely day.|And you have a lovely day as well!
I was hoping you can help me find a place to go that has to do with architecture.|All saints church is architectural and located in the centre of town.
That would be fine. Can I get the address please?|Sure. The All Saints Church is located at jesus lane.
I also want a moderately priced Polynesian restaurant.|I am sorry but there are no moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.  Would you like a different type of food or price range?
Could you check again?|I've just double checked. Cambridge doesn't have any Polynesian restaurants at all. Can I look for something else for you?
How about chinese food?|Charlie Chan is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information or to book a table?
Nah, that's not necessary. I just need the postcode, please.|The post code is CB21DB for Charlie Chan's. May I assist you any further?
I also need a taxi.|Certainly! What are your departure and arrival destinations and when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I am traveling between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 23:15.|You're all set! Your car will be a red tesla and their contact number is 07799680227 should you need to contact them!
Thank you for all your help! That will be all for today!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the south. Anything available?|We have one such location.
Great, could you give me some more information about the location?|Sure. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction located in the East.
Do you have any that are in the south?|There are no multiple sports attractions located in the south.
Are there any nightclubs?|Yes, there is one nightclub called the place at 22 sidney street. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please.  Is there an entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223324600 but the entry fee is not listed. It would be best to call for that information.
Thank you! Can you also find a Chinese place to eat that is on the cheap side in the same area please?|I am sorry but there are no Chinese restaurants that match your request.  Would you like try another type of food or area and price range?
How about Chinese but in the cheapish price range?|I'm sorry, but there is nothing in the cheap price range. May I try another area or another type of food?
No, I really need it in that area and I'm desperately craving Chinese food. Can you please check again and make sure you're looking in the south area?|I apologize, I do see a chinese restaurant, the lucky star. Would you like a reservation?
Wonderful, thanks.  I need a table for 6 on Friday.  We'd like to eat tat 19:30.|I could not book successfully, can i try another time?
Can you try 18:30 for me?|Your table is booked. Your reference number is KUQSVW1U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could get get me a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time?|Where will you be departing from?
The nightclub at 22 sidney street, the place, you said it was called.|I'm sorry, I believe I have gotten confused.  I have a taxi set up for you.  Is there anything else you need?
Sorry for the confusion.  I have everything I need, you've been very helpful, thanks!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a hotel, parking doesn't matter to me though.|What is the name of the hotel you'd like to book?
i don't have a name in mind but the  hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi.|There are many great guesthouses with free internet, do you have a have a price range or area you want to stay in?
I'm open to the price and area, but it should have a 3 star rating.|There are 3 in the moderate price range. Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Can you book Hamilton Lodge for me please?|sure! how many people in your party?
5 people and we'll be staying there for 3 nights starting Sunday|You are all set, the reference number is H96PW3HV, can I help with anything else?
i'm also looking for places to go in town|There are 79 places to go what area would you like?
I would like the info to the funk fun house please?|The Funky Fun House is an entertainment venue in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrical Estate. Their phone number is 01223304705.
do they charge entrance fee?|I'm sorry but the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
You already gave me the phone number thanks, I'm supposed to get the entrance fee though, my boss insists on it.|The entrance fee is not listed in our database. Perhaps it varies depending on what night of the week you go. You are welcome to call them and ask.
I am looking for a college type of attraction. Is there any?|There are 5 colleges available in the Centre and the West. Do you have any preferences on the college?
I am looking for something in the West.|Visitors find queens' college fascinating. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds. The address is silver street, postcode cb39et.
Thanks. May I also have the phone number, please.|Sure the number is 01223335511. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to the hotel, please.|Sure I can if you tell me where you'll be leaving from and either what time you want to leave or arrive by
I woule like to leave the hotel at 7:00.|I'm sorry are you going to the hotel or leaving from the hotel?
I will be leaving the hotel, please.|Can you book a cab for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a dining establishment that serves kosher, in the center of town.|We don't have any kosher restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That's a bummer. Thanks anyways|You are more then welcome.  Wish I had better news.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any restaurants that have north american food?|yes there gourmet burger kitchen located in  the centre. can i give you their phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes it is. Would you like any more information on it? I can book you a table if you would like.
Yes, I would like a table for 7 on Sunday. I want to eat at 18:15.|You're all booked! Your reference number is LVRG27YJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm interested in visiting the broughton house gallery.|The Broughton House Gallery is a museum in the centre, free entrance, and the address is 98 King St.  Anything else I can help you with?
do they have enough parking?|I don't have that information but there phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from Broughton Gallery to Gourmet Burger Kitchen by 18:15?|How many people will be riding?
There are 7 in my group.|A black volvo is booked, contact number 070960620254. Maybe we should try a bus or train or another car since there are 7 in your group. Would you like another car?
Thanks a lot, goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to find where Whale of a Time is located in Cambridge.|It is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill
Okay, could I get the postcode for Whale of a Time, please?|Of course, it's cb238el. If you need to contact them, the phone number is 01954781018. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a hotel.|Great, do you need the hotel to be in a particular part of town?
Yes in the Centre please and 4 star.|I have the alexander bed and breakfast that is cheap and university arms hotel that is expensive.
Can I book University Arms for 5 nights starting Sunday for 3 people?|I have you booked for 5 nights, 3 people, starting on sunday, your reference number is LNK1GUUK.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I also need a taxi leaving Whale of Time at 17:45.|What is your destination?
I need to go to the University Arms|Booking completed! A blue skoda taxi. Phone, 07460247020. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need at this time, thanks for your help!|You have a great night.
I'm looking for a museum with a restaurant.|How does the Cafe Jello Gallery sound?  It is located in the west and does not have an entrance fee.
Great. Please get me their address.|Cafe jello gallery can be found at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve lebanese food?|Ali Baba is in the centre of town serving lebanese food
Is it moderately priced?|Yes.  Ali Baba is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I'd like one for Sunday for 19:15, there will be 8 of us.|will you need to have all eight of you seated at the same table?
Yes please. I need the reference number too.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : H570Z3KN.  do you have any other questions
Can I get a taxi to take us fro the gallery to the restaurant?|Ok, a white audi will pick you up at cafe jello gallery and bring you to Ali baba by 9:15.  You can contact the driver at 07646811518.  Anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you.
I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the centre of the city.|Okay, there are fifteen restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you have a preference on the cuisine that is served?
Not really.  Which is your favorite?|Chinese would be a good choice. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, for 6 people, 12:15 on Wednesday. Reference number please.|I'll book you at Charlie Chan. In my opinion, its the best! Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W3TZFF5S.
I would also like a place to stay. I would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the centre.|el shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in the cheap pricerange. Does this work for you?
Is there not a hotel?|I'm sorry, there are no cheap 0-star hotels in the centre area of the city.
How about a guesthouse with 0-star and cheap?|The El Shaddai is the only one. Would you like to book a room there? Or maybe you need some more information? Or we could try another part of town.
More information please.  I'd just like the address and postcode for El Shaddai.|There are no hotels in El Shaddai that have 0 stars and are cheap.
I need a restaurant in the west at a moderate price range.|Okay I have an italian, a british and an indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
The cuisine doesn't really matter, but I guess I should try some British food while I'm there?|I found the saint johns chop house. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 7 people this Monday at 13:30 please?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they can accommodate that time slot. Would you like another?
Can you try 12:30 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : LVT4TTLK.
Any interesting attractions in that part of town?|There are 13 attractions, ranging from colleges, to entertainment, to museums.  Do you have a type preference?
I'm sorry. I need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was British food. I also need a taxi there by the booked time.|That's no problem, I can look that up for you.  Their postcode is cb30ad.
Before we worry about the taxi, I guess it would help to find which attraction. Sorry to confuse you. What attractions do you have in the west?|I have 13 places in the west. What type are you looking for?
What would you recommend?|The cambridge book and print gallery is interesting, and offers free admission. How does that sound?
That sounds wonderful, could I get your contact number and the model of car for the taxi?|They are located at 40 newham road and the phone number is 01223694264.  Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
I would like for the taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant and I would like to make sure I arrive in time for my reservation.|Okay, I can do that for you.
Can I get the contact number and car type, please?|Your contact number is 07138378718 and the car type is a white volkswagen. Can I assist you with anything else?
You have been a great help!  Thank you!  Goodbye.|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?|Yes I can is there any type of food you're in the mood for and what area would you like?
I would like an Indian place in the East of town.|I have 4 places that have great indian food. I have 2 moderately priced ones and 2 expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I'd like one in the moderate price range. Can you select one?|Sure, how about pipasha restaurant?
Yes. 3 people at 13:45 on Sunday.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is H5PBYPD0.
Are there any wonderful museums in town? I just need the address of one that you would suggest.|I have the cambridge artworks located at 5 greens road and has free entrance.
cool I need a cab now and I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time of course|I can do that - I got you a white honda and the driver can be reached at 07397937480. Will that be all today?
That's all I need today.|Thank you so much for calling.  Ring us back if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
I am needing a place in the centre area to dine at while I am seeing attractions in cambridge?|Do you have any food preferences?
I'm starving and will only be satisfied with some spanish food, please!|We have two spanish restaurants in the city centre. La tasca is moderately priced, and La raza is cheap. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the moderately priced one please.|Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please.  Can I get a table for 3 on Tuesday at 19:30?|I was able to book you a table they will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is U7OJBNT7. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for an architecture attraction in town. Any suggestions?|There are 5 architecture attractions located in the centre. Most of them are free.
I would like to have the area, phone number, and entrance fee please|How about all saints church?  They are located on jesus lane, it's free and in the centre. Phone 01223452587. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. Can you also help me with a taxi from all saints church to La tasca in time for my dinner reservation?|Congrats you got the black BMW enjoy your ride to a and b guesthouse.
What is the contact number for the taxi?|Your taxi has been changed to a blue bmw with the contact number of 07281712585. It will take you from all saints church to La tasca. Anything else?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for Holy trinity church.|It's on Market Street the postcode is cb23nz and their phone number is 01223355397.  Is there anything else you would like to know about this attraction?
No, I think you gave me everything, thanks!|You're certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay that has free wifi, but doesn't need to have free parking.|We have many options available to you that may suit you is there a particular part of town that you would prefer?
No, surprise me! Just has to be cheap and a hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry would suit you. It's in the west and is cheap. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do you know if they offer free parking?|Yes they do.
Please book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting tuesday.|Okay, your reference number is : VNH1WIJB. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel to the Holy trinity church. I want to leave the hotel by 21:30.|Okay, I've booked you a black bww and its contact number is 07157659853. Is there anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you goodbye.
Please find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the north.|There are two great restaurants to choose from. One is a chinese restaurant and on is a indian resaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with Indian. Can you book me a table for Thursday at 14:00 for 8 people?|Your table at The Nirala will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is AM8RPHXF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for a boat attraction to visit near the restaurant.|There is the riverboat georgina boat attraction in postcode cb43ax. Do you want to book a seat?
Book me a seat get phone number and entrance fee cost. I need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant and take me to the boat attraction.|Unfortunately bookings are not avialable, but the phone is 01223902091 and the price is unavailable. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want the taxi to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 14:00. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi too.|I have booked a yellow volvo. The number to reach them is 07941084568. Was there anything else you needed today?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|You are very welcome, have a great day.
Can you suggest something to do on the east side of town?|There are a lot of things to do. What would you like ?
Something that is entertainment, please.|I'd recommend Funky Fun House. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like more information about the Funky Fun House.|They are an entertainment attraction in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate. The postcode is cb58hy.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the North area of town, something on the less expensive side, if possible.|I'd recommend acorn guest house. It's moderately priced with free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
yes book for 6 people for 3 nights starting from Friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9VNGOGLF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be all thank you goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you today.  Have a great trip!
I would like a taxi to Shiraz Restaurant, leaving after 2:45.|I can look that up, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to be picked up from addenbrookes hospital.|A yellow honda will pick you up at 02:45. The contact number is 07082444281.
Thanks, that's all I needed.|Your most welcome! Please contact us again the next time you need help!
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay.  My family can't wait to visit some of the local attractions there.|I can help with that. Do you have a preference ?
They really dislike the small size of most guesthouses, so why don't we look for hotels instead.|Where does your budget lie, between expensive and cheap?
Moderate pricing and book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Weds and i need ref number|I have a place called the Lovell Lodge. I was able to book you successfully. Reference number is : MKVVDABX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called byard art|Byard Art is a fantastic free museum on the south side of town. It's located at 14 King's Parade, cb21sj.
What's the fee for that?|It is actually free.  What else can I tell you?
I would like a taxi between the hotel and the museum.|Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 24:45, so it will be from Lovell Lodge to Byard Art|I have your taxi reservation made.  What else can I do for you?
Can I get the contact number and car type?|Of course! The car type is yellow Toyota. The contact number is 07952079804. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that'll be all. Thank you for your help.|you're welcome. thank you for using the system. have a good day.
I need somewhere to stay. Should have free parking and free wifi|What area of town and what is your price range?
The centre of town and with a moderate price range. Nothing too expensive.|What day do you need your reservation and for how many people and how long will you stay?
I don't need to make a reservation. I am just looking for information on a hotel. Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in the North?|There are 6 hotels in the north part of the city that fall in the moderate price range, have free wifi and parking, and have 4 stars. Any other specifications?
I'm not looking to book yet, can you tell me their price ranges?|They're all in the moderate price range.
I need one near a swimmingpool.|There are two Swimming pools in the north. There are no hotels with 4 stars, moderate price range, internet and free wifi. Would you like to change your search?
I guess I'll change my price range. Are there any expensive hotels with all the amenities that I'd like along with free parking?|Unfortunately, I do not have any that are in the expensive range. I have several 4-star moderately priced hotels or can I look for something else for you?
On the swimming pool, what's the phone number and entrance fee?|Please pick a pool first; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Let's go with Kings Hedges Learner Pool.|Their phone number is 01223353248. As for entrance fee, I don't have the information to provide to you. I apologize.
That's ok. I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and pool. I want to leave the pool by 02:15.|We will have to know which hotel you are staying at first before booking a taxi.
Okay. Is there a hotel close to Kings Hedges Learner Pool that has free parking and wifi? I would prefer a four star location in the north.|There are seven that meet those requirements. Might I suggest the Acorn Guest House? I've heard it's quite nice.
What is the price range for the Acorn guest house?|The price there is moderate.
Thank you! I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the area.|There are two swimming pools in the north, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and King Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference between the two?
King Hedges Learner Pool will still be fine. I'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 02:15 and take me to the Acorn Guest House.|Great! I have a yellow toyota picking you up at 02:15. The contact number is 07441551293. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thank you for the help!|No problem at all. Have a great day.
i need places to go in town|Did you want architecture or a church?
It's doesn't matter what attraction it is just as long as it's in the west. Do you have any recommendations?|Sure. I suggest Churchill College, on storey's way.
Can I get their postcode and entrance fee please?|The postcode is 	cb30ds and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. I also need a place to stay. I want a guesthouse in that area. And I'll need parking.|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with parking and wifi included.
Sounds like a match, Can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 4 nights?|The booking was successful, your reference number is 0603AU17. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your stay.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need a 4 star place with wifi to stay. It doesn't matter if its a hotel or guesthouse, just 4 star please.|There are 21 guesthouses offering free wifi. Do you have a price range?
It should be cheap and include free parking.|I have 8 results. What area would you like?
No particular area. What do you recommend?|I recommend finches bed and breakfast, that've got some good reviews.
Oh thats great. Please assist to book that for 5 nights starting from Saturday and if it fails then Tuesday. Please send me the reference number when you are done.|Booking was successful for Saturday.
Reference number is : 5LQHD9SU. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for entertainment attractions located in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, perhaps you can find a college that I can visit.|There are five colleges available in the centre area. How about Downing College? The entrance fee is free.
Sounds great.  What is the address?|it is on regent street
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places|Okay, do you need the taxi to go to the restaurant or the attraction?
I want to leave the attraction at 09:45 and head to the restaurant.|Sure, you will be expecting a black lexus , their contact  number  is  07988632177
Thank you so much.|you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.|There are 14 expensive restaurants that serve indian food.  What part of town would you like?
I want the location to be in the west.|Cocum is a nice Indian restaurant in the West in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table.|Okay, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to dine and how many people should I have the reservation for?
On Thursday at 5:00. I also need a hotel in the same area. No need to have free parking.|I am unable to find a hotel that meets your criteria. Would you like help with anything else?
are you sure?  it should be the type of a hotel|Yes this is correct there are none available sorry. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about one that has free parking?|Huntington Marriott Hotel is in the west and has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
is that in the same area as the restaurant?|yes it is also in the west
Yes. I'd like to book that for 3 nights starting Sunday and for 4 people.|I have made that reservation and the reference number is 4J5E7XV1. What else can I help you with today?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the Marriott, leaving the restaurant by 17:00?|Okay I have booked you a tax. Look out for a blue Volkswagon whose contact number is 07502242319.
Okay thank you for all your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all, goodbye.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I am in need of a 4 star place to stay in the north,please.|There are 5 guesthouses and 0 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you require parking or a specific price range?
I would like free wifi.|The Avalon may be a good choice.
Is that a guesthouse? If so, can you book me a room for Sunday for 5 people, 2 nights?|It is. Reference number is : W7KCVTHJ. Anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine, in the same area as the hotel.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Moderate price range thank you|Then I would recommend the Golden Wok. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they serve barbeque food?|They do not. They are a Chinese restaurant. Would you like me to find a barbecue place?
I'm sorry, I think I'm spending too much money on this trip. Can you look for a cheap restaurant in the north that serves barbeque?|I am sorry but there are no cheap, barbecue restaurants in the north. Do you want another cuisine or area?
Is there a cheap italian food restaurant?|da vinci pizzeria is cheap, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 5 people, 15:00 on sunday please.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Hello, are you still there?  Its been a few minutes.  I'm kind of in a hurry, is there a problem with the booking?|sorry i was trying to make sure i book the right was. it is now booked.Reference number is : D5LV4L6Y.
i also need to use a taxi|Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your destination, departure site, and what time you would like to leave or arrive by.
I want to arrive at da vinci pizzeria by 15:00.|Okay! From where are you departing?
From the hotel discussed.|Great, I will book that for you now.
Have you b ooked that yet? I need the reference number.|Of course. The reference is W7KCVTHJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.|You are more than welcome.
I need a place to stay, can you help?|What price range and in what area?
I don't care about price, but I'd like to stay in the south.  I do like guesthouses better than hotels.|Do you have a preference of number of stars?
I do not have a star preference.|How about Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse on Mowbray Road? It has 4 stars and is in the moderate price range.
Great. Can you tell me their post code, and if they have internet?|The postcode is cb17sr and they have internet. Would you like me to book it?
I'm not ready to book yet.  Would you also look up places I can visit while I am in town?|of course, any museums you're interested in?
I'd like to find a very nice park out in the south.|I would recommend sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway
Can I have their address and postcode.|Of course! Their address is fen causeway, newnham road and the post code is cb22ad.
I also need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 05:45, contact number and car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey audi
Contact number	:	07742989750
Help Desk : (Your response)
Thanks for your help!|Have a great day!
Can you get me information on a theatre to visit?|I have several options for you.  What area would you like to visit a theater in?
Hmm.. whatever theater you would recommend for me. I would like the number, entrance free, and postcode.|The Mumford Theatre in the centre of town is well known. Their number is 08451962320 and they are in the cb1pt postcode. I'm sorry, I don't have entrance fee info.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat. Maybe Italian food?|We have fifteen Italian restaurants. Do location or price range matter?
I'd like someplace expensive in the center.|I have 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest Caffe Uno. They have wonderful food and great service. They are located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
that sounds great. Could you book 7 people for 16:00 on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N831LHZU
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|You're sure welcome!  Can I help you further?
Could you also book me a taxi to commute between those places?|I will need to know your departure time to book the taxi..
I'm really not to sure.|I've booked a taxi from mumford theatre arriving at Caffe Uno before your 16:00 reservation. You will be taking a yellow Lexus and can reach the driver at 07565050556
That's perfect.  Thanks so much!|Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.|okay, have a great trip! Bye!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Ok, there are 44 different attractions in the centre. Any particular type?
Nothing particular.  Maybe a cinema?|The Vue Cinema is exactly what you're looking for! It's located at The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you want any more information?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode?|Phone number is 08712240240 and postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at 15:15 on saturday. Type of food doesn't matter just in the same area as the attraction.|how about bedouin? it looks lovely
Sounds good. Please book|I've booked you at bedouin on Saturday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : OM74MYOM.
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 15:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07349747219
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay great let us know if you need anymore assistance.
Hi there.  I am excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Absolutely we have 79 attractions, do you have a type?
Seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun!  Anyway I need a 0 star hotel with free parking.|I'm sorry there are not any matches for what you are looking for.  How about a guesthouse instead of a hotel?
Yes, that would be fine.  Something in the west would be great.|I'm sorry, but there is nothing with 0 stars in the west.
What about in the center?|Yes I found one guesthouse called el shaddai. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I was able to make the booking. 
Reference number is : MNL7UFXJ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I would prefer something near the hotel.|I highly suggest the Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
That will be fine. I'll need the postcode and attraction type?|The postcode is cb11ps and the attraction type is cinema.
Thank You!, I will need to book a taxi that can depart by 12:30, please provide me with contact and the type of car.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow BMW. Please call 07643657212 should you need to reach them.
thanks alot for yor help. that is all for today|Have a great time.
I will, thanks! You have a great day to. Bye.|You're welcome.
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.|Acorn guest house meets all your needs, would you like to book that?
That's perfect. I would like to book it for 1 person. It needs to be for 4 nights beginning Saturday.|I'm sorry, but the Acorn Guest House doesn't have those dates available. Would you like to try for a different day or shorter stay?
Yes, please try booking for 2 nights.|Your booking for 2 nights at the Acorn Guesthouse was a success! Your reference number is R4ES2ZFT. What else can I do for you today?
Are there any attractions to see in town?  I'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.|We have 79 museums listed. Would you like a certain area of town?
Which is your favorite museum? If you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, I'll give them a call.|I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery.  It has a free entrance.
Ok, that sounds great.|The postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 King Street.  The phone number there is 01223314960.  Anything else?
Yes, I'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.|When do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave the Acorn by 5:00 if possible.|Your taxi booking was a success! The taxi will be a red Lexus with contact number 07432305998.
Okay great! That is all I need. Thank you.|I am happy to have helped.  Thank you, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I need some tourist information please. I need to know about a hotel called the arbury lodge guest house.|The arbury lodge questhouse is in the north area and has a moderate pricerange.  It is 4 stars and has free parking and internet.
I would like to book a stay for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Good news I was able to get this for you.  Reference  I4DXHDJL.  Can I help you find other things to do in the area as well?
I am also looking to eat somewhere expensive, in the South area of town.|There are two Chinese, one Indian, one Italian, and one Mexican restaurants. Which of those would you like?
I would like the Italian place please.|Frankie and Benny's is an expensive restaurant which is expensive would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, book for 3 people on tuesday at 18:30 and give me the reference number|Your booking is complete and the reference number is VVBM497N.
I will also need a taxi, please.|Where would you like your taxi to pick you up and drop you off?
I want to be picked up at the hotel and dropped off at the restaurant.|And what time would you like the taxi?
I want the taxi to get me to the restaurant by 18:30.|black bmw
Contact number	:	07631265313
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope that'll be all for now. Thank you have a good day.|Okay, goodbye I hope you enjoy your time in town!
I need help today booking a taxi.|Alright where would you like to go?
Vue Cinema. I will be leaving from Ballare.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to be picked up by 13:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07622282042
Thank you for your help|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
Could you help me find a restaurant with middle-eastern cuisine?|There is no such match. Do you have any other food preferences?
maybe one that serves chinese food. and it should be located in the centre|Charlie chan is an affordable option.
Ok, sounds good.  Could I make a reservation for 3 for thursday at 13:30?  Can you send me a reference number as well.  Thanks!|Excellent choice.  Your table is reserved.  Reference BCKQCXNI.  Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay with free wifi and in the same area as the restaurant.|I have many choices for you. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter but I would like a guesthouse with free parking.|I have two. Would you like more info on them?
Do they both have free wifi and parking? Which would you recommend?|Yes. I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a 4-star guesthouse. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please make those for 5 nights on the same day for the same people.|i will work on getting this booked.
i also need a taxi to commute between these two places|I was able to complete this transaction for you. Reference number is 4AMSSSO2,
Can I get the number for the taxi and the car type?|Your booking is complete.  You will have a grey toyota and the contact number is:07579620224.
I'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.|they are many. what is your prefered food type?
Are there any restaurants that serve French food? If so, I will need the phone number to the restaurant.|yes cote does. can i give you their contact?
Yes please. I did state that I wanted the phone number.|The number for Cote is 01223311053.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me some information on a hotel called holiday inn Cambridge, please?|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2-star hotel in the east. They're located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please! I'll be traveling solo, and I need 3 nights starting Monday.|Ok.  I've booked a room with a queen sized bed for 3 nights starting Monday at the Holiday Inn Cambridge.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi that will take me to the hotel from the restaurant?|Sure, what time should I set it up for the taxi to pick you up?
Well, I need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 09:15.  I need the contact number and car type please.|Alright, you'll be picked up by a grey Volvo, and the contact number is 07916701458. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is all. Goodbye|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I have to get to the gandhi by 09:15. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Golden Wok.|I've booked you a blue lexus, the contact number is 07462575401.
Wonderful, thank you so much.|Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I accually should depart from thanh binh.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue lexus
Contact number	:	07462575401
Great, thanks for your help.|Do you need any help with anything else?
No, thank you again fro accomodating me.  Have a great day.|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a specific hotel.|Not a problem. If you give me the name, or as much of the name as you remember, I can try to find that for you.
It was arbury lodge guesthouse.|Of course. That's in the north part of town and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I need one for 4 nights for two people staring from Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 04UQ2GXW.
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|sorry, there are none, can we try another area?
How about a nightclub instead?|There are five options, i personally recommend Kambar, would you like more info?
I like the name. Could you give me Kambar's address, postcode and entrance fee please?|Kambar is at 1 Wheeler Street. The postcode is cb23qb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? It should pick me up from the hotel at 13:45 and take me to Kambar|Your car has been booked. The car is a black Honda and the contact number is 07050481392. Anything else you need help with today?
No, there is nothing else I need today.|You are welcome, have a great day.
Hi there. I'd like to find a place to stay. It doesn't need to have any stars, but I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.|Do you have a side of town you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference on what side of town, but it does need to include parking.|There are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels, which do you prefer?
I don't really have a preference, so surprise me!|I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
What's the star rating on it?|The acorn guest house is 4 stars. Is there anything else you need?
I need the type of place it is, the number and full adress please.|It's a guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Great thank you I also will need some info on a restaurant called The Copper Kettle|The copper kettle is a british type located in the centre area and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 2 people at 15:30 on Monday, please.|I have the booking reserved. The reference number is NBW5RHEE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to get me from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|Alright, I have got you a taxi to get you to the restaurant by your reservation time. Be looking for a grey Audi. Their contact number is 07643250186 just in case.
Thank you very much for the service.|Your welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thats all thank you for your help,goodbye|You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
I don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the alexander bed and breakfast?|sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Ah, I just wanted to know it was still open. Could you book me a room?|Sure, what day would you like it for?
3 nights starting from friday.|A reservation for 1 person?
No, I would like it for 4 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CRLJAWX3.
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east please.|There are a few Indian restaurants in the east, do you have a price range you are trying to stick to?
In the mid-range would be fine.|Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. How many people will be dining?
4 of us Friday at 14:45 I need the reference number too.|Your table is reserved, reference #NKKOLWNU. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd also like to book a taxi. I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be traveling between the hotel and restaurant.|What time would you like to travel?
I would like to get to the restaurant by 14:45 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white honda
Contact number	:	07125482836
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|You're welcome! Goodbye.
I need to find a place to stay in the centre of town.|Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap guest house with wifi.|Perfect. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the center with free internet and parking. Can I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I will be there for three nights.|How many people and from what day will you stay?
We arrive on Monday and stay for 3 nights, there are 7 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DHS86PO0.  Can I help with anything else today?
I need to find a place to eat as well.|I would love to help you with that. Do you have anything specific in mind? Area? Price range?
I am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- centre and cheap.|dojo noodle bar would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
Actually I want a restaurant that serves food in the type of the americas|There are no cheap restaurants in the centre of town serving cheap food from the Americas. Wild you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Sure, how about Portuguese?|Nandos City Centre is a cheap place to eat and is in centre. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. Also, I'd like to get a taxi and leave the hotel at 14:30. Could you get me the contact number and car type?|A black volkswagen is booked for you. The contact number is 07101354106. Anything else today, or will that be all?
Thanks for all of your help today you have been wonderful!|So glad I could be of assistance. Have a lovely day!
Do you have directions to a guesthouse I can rent in the west of Cambridge?|i have a variety. if you can narrow down your choice by price range and maybe rating.
A 3 star rating would be perfect.|Hobsons House is at address 96 barton road postcode cb39lh and their phone number is 01223304906.
Great, can you help me find some place to go in the Centre, maybe a college?|There are 13 to choose from, are you looking for one with free admission?
That doesn't actually matter. You can choose the one you most recommend and then please tell me the phone number and postcode|How about Christ's college?
Yeah that is fine, can I get their phone number and zip code?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two. I want to leave the hotel by 20:45.|Booked car type	:	white bmw. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's it for me today. Thanks so much! Bye!|Your welcome. Contact us again anytime. Good Bye!
I need a place to go, something interesting to see. I was thinking maybe a college.|There are 18 colleges in the area. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
recommend one and give me its address|I'd suggest corpus christi college on king's parade, cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I think the name is Zizzi Cambridge.|Certainly. Zizzi Cambridge is an Italian restaurant located in the Centre at 47-53 Regent Street, post code cb21ab. Their phone number is 01223365599. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please. I would like the reservation to be at 17:00 for one person on Sunday.|Your table is booked.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 9ZWHYZKH.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thanks.  I am all done here.|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day!
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to saigon city and should arrive by 24:45.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from parkside pools.|I've booked a grey BMW that will leave Parkside Pools, and arrive in Saigon City by 24:45. Their contact number is 07828476668. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. that's all.|Okay, have a wonderful day then, goodbye!
I need a place to stay in the cheap price range.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available
it should be  a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse. is it?|yes it is . can i give you the contact?
I would like to book it for 6 people staying 4 nights.|I'd be happy to help with your request, what day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Tuesday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and the reference number is  7SJQKM1T.
Thank you. While I have your attention, do you mind looking up a particular attraction for me? I believe it was called "hughes hall."|Yes their address is Wollaston road and their telephone number is 01223334898.
Could you tell me their postcode and what kind of attraction it is?|Of course, it is a college and the post code is cb12ew.
I need a taxi leaving the college at 03:00 then.|And what is your destination?
hughes hall college postal code cb12ew|I need the destination from Hughes Hall College.
I want some help finding a place to go in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the center, of many types. Quieter fare includes architecture, parks and museums. If you'd like more excitement, we have boats and nightclubs.
How about nightclubs?  What is one that you would suggest?|I would highly recommend the Ballare. What would you like to know about it?
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee for the ballare is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the Ballare.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Do you have any modern glodal ones?|Nothing matches for modern global, can I run a search for a different food type?
How about International?|There are two options. I'd recommend the Varsity Restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
I don't need a reservation but I do need the address, phone number and price range.|The varsity restaurant is located in the centre of town serving international food.  It is a moderately priced place located at 35 Saints ANdrews street city centre.
and what is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Alright, have a wonderful time in cambridge!
Hi, I am looking for information on a restaurant it's called saffron brasserie.|Saffron Brasserie is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make reservations?
Oh yes! Please I need a reservation for 5 people on Saturday at 18:00. I need  a reference number too.|Sure, the reference number is PSIDGHAC.
I am also looking for places to go while in town. Do you have a swimmingpool?|There are 4 places to swim in town. Does the area matter?
I'm not particular on the area; is there one near Saffron Brasserie?|Parkside Pools is in the centre. That would be closest to Saffron Brasserie.
Okay that will work, what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ly.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me with getting a taxi from the restaurant to the pool?|Certainly. What time would you like the taxi to fetch you from the restaurant?
I would like a taxi to pick us up from the restaurant at 20:00. Can you please give me the contact number and car type of the taxi?|Absolutely. You will be picked up at the restaurant by a black Lexus. Here is your contact number: 07511821304. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you for your service!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for park in the east. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help. There is 1 park in the east, Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, can I have their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in the east.|What price range? I have expensive and moderately priced.
I don't care, whichever one is supposed to have better food.  I need a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday.|Okay I went ahead and booked you at the Curry Prince, which is moderately priced and your reference number is IG75ROGD.
Thank you. Can you arrange taxi service to take me from the park to Curry Price by 12:30 please?|Of course! Your booking is complete. The car type is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me get a taxi to the restaurant in time for the reservation?|Yes, it's been booked. The booked car is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Great thanks. Have a great day! goodbye|Will there be anything else?
Hello, I would like to know about places to go in the south of town.|There are a range of attractions you can visit in the south. These attractions include nightclubs, cinemas, museums and entertainment places. Is there a specific type you would like?
What entertainment places are located there?|The following entertainment venues in the south are Nusha 01223902158 and Tenpin 08715501010.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
What is the address of Nusha?|Nusha can be found at unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a 4 star place to stay with free WiFi.  Do you have anything?|Yes there are many options to choose from. Would you like me to book a room for you at one of these locations?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the south, free wifi also, and 4 stars. Whatever matches I need a room for 4 nights on Tuesday for 8 people.|I can book you at the aylesbray lodge guest house. Does that sound good?
Sounds good!  Go ahead and book it, please!|we are currently full on Tuesday would you like to book at another hotel?
can I just try maybe 3 nights?|Nice it works. So the reference for your booking is 56E9MW1N. Do you need further assistance?
Yes. Can you also call me a taxi to connect between the two places? I would like to leave the hotel at 14:00.|You are all set. Your cab will be a blue volkswagen with a contact number 07961227809. Is there anything else I can help?
No that's all i need. Thank you for your help!|You have a wonderful day!
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from the Golden Wok to the Golden Curry please.|Can you tell me what time you want to leave the Golden Wok and when you want to arrive at the Golden Curry?
I would like the taxi to leave after 09:00|Thanks, I have booked you taxi, Booked car type, yellow bmw, and Contact number 07358048101.
 may I help you with anything else?
Perfect! That's all I needed, thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north, that offers free parking.|We have 11 different options, any other features that you are looking for?
I'd prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel, if possible.|Did you have a particular price range in mind?
no, but i want free parking.|Acorn guest house is a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you book a room for Thursday for 5 people, 4 nights?|Absolutely, your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9AN6IOSF.
Perfect. I'm also looking for a moderately priced swedish restaurant.|I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you find a restaurant in the north?|There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the north. Both are moderate priced which do you prefer?
The indian place could work.|Ok great and how many people will the table be for?
There will be 5 of us for Thursday.|Sure, what time would you like the reservation for?
I would like reservations at 13:15.|I reserved a table at the nirala, your reference # is 6KLPX1T4, anything else?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|I booked you a taxi! It's a Red BMW and the contact number is: 07337581816.
I need a taxi that leaves from kettle's yard and leaves after 15:15.|What is your destination?
I am going to Yu Garden.|Ok, your taxi will pick you up at Kettle's Yard at 15:25. It is a yellow BMW. Their contact number is 07748651061.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have a nice trip.
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at in the south.|You can try taj tandoori for indian.  Need a reservation?
Sounds good.  Yes, for 6 people on Monday at 18:15.|I will make the reservation for you now.
Yes, that would mean you were putting the info in and booking it, followed by giving me the reference number...right?|Yes that is correct,that way you dont miss a spot
Yes, I would like the information on parks that are located in the centre please.|The Botanical Gardens at Cambridge University are a favorite destination. The entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
Could i please get the phone number and address?|Sure, the phone number is 01223336265. The address is bateman street. Can I do anything else for you?
I am thinking I would like to try some european food while I am in town.|There are several to choose from, in which part of town would you like to concentrate?
I would like the north please.|I only have one restaurant in the north for European food, but they have amazing food. It's called City Stop Restaurant. They are expensive but so worth it!
book a table for 2 people at 13:15 on tuesday.|Your booking was successful! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZLRYLH3O.
What is the car type, please thank you|I'm sorry, but we just reserved your table. There is no car type. But since you ask, did you need a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi that will take me between the two places and need to arrive by 13:15.|Okay. I have a taxi booked. It will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07135918917
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|good day and thanks for using our services
I wanted to visit the Center, could you tell the the hours it is open?|I'm sorry, which centre would you like to visit?
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. Can you make suggestions?|Vue Cinema is a great place in the centre of town for movies. Or there's Ballare which is a great nightclub.
Can you tell me the postcode for Ballare? That sounds fun.|Ballare postcode is cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I was hoping for a cheap restaurant close to the Vue Cinema.|we got 5. which type of food do you want?
Do you have any that serve Australian?|I have none that serve that food. Perhaps another type?
What about chinese food?|May I recommend Charlie Chan? It's a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to book any tables?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on Friday. May I please have the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LN38RS7A.
i would also like to check on getting a taxi to commute me between the two places.|what time would you want to be picked?
Sorry not sure yet.|Do you need anything else?
For the taxi I need to be picked up in enough time to arrive to the restaurant in time.|To book a taxi I need time of travel, departure location and arrival location.
I need to leave from the Vue Cinema to get to Charlie Chan by 12:15.|The taxi is a yellow audi which will pick you up at Vue Cinema and take you to the restaurant by your reservation time. The taxi contact number is 07365464061.
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for pasquale pizzeria.|I have found a Don Pasquale Pizzeria located in Centre, would you like that address?
I would like the address, as well as the phone number. And what is the price range for dinner there?|The address is 12 Market Hill City Centre in postcode cb23nj. The phone number is 01223350106, and it's an expensive restaurant.
Great! I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse to stay in.|May I suggest bridge guest house. They are in the south and moderately priced. How many is in your party and how long is your stay?
I won't be needing a booking. Thank you for the information. Have a great day!|You have a great day too.
Thanks again for the help!|It was my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. Can you please help me find something in the moderate price range? No specific amenities needed.|Sure, are you staying in a certain part of town?
In the west. And 3 stars, please.|I do not have anything fitting that. Do you have any other criteria I can check?
If that is the case, can you look for a hotel that has free wifi? Thanks|I don't have anything fitting that criteria.  Do you have any other criteria I can check or another area?
Could you try looking for something for Wednesday?|I'm sorry, there is nothing that matches your criteria. Are you sure I cannot check another area for you?
Are there any 3 star hotels in the West?|I'm sorry, there really isn't anything in this area that meets your criteria. Perhaps a moderate in another area?
Yes, please try to find something else.|I am sorry there are no 3 star moderately priced hotels.
That would be fine,can you book it for me?|There is a moderate priced guesthouse in the west area that is 3 star. Would that suit your needs?
That sounds good. Can I get a room for 6 people, 2 nights, starting Thursday?|Hobsons house is booked for you. The reference number is JHQJLP4U.
I am also hoping to check out some sports locations in the same area. Can you see what attractions are available in the west?|I apologize we do not have any sport attractions in the west area. Would you like me to look in another area?
Can you look to see if there are colleges in that area?|There are five colleges in the west. I recommend churchill college.
What is the entrance fee and postcode for that one?|Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb30ds
Great!  I'll also be needing a taxi.  Will you book one that will leave the college at 5:45?  I'd also like the car type and their contact number.|You got it, I booked a red tesla for you. The contact number is 07757471475
Thanks! That's all for me. Have a good day!|Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a place stay, some place in the east with a 4 stars.|i found 6. what is your price range?
Something cheap, please!|Ok, there are three available. I suggest the autumn house. It has everything ytou need.
Can you tell me the address, including post code?|Autumn House address is 710 newmarket road, postcode cb58rs. Can I be of further help?
I am looking for gastropub food around the same area as the hotel|we have quite a few what price range are you looking at?
No particular price range. Which one do you recommend?|Royal Standard is a great gastropub located on the east side. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes, If you could that would be great. Thank you|How many people are in your party?
I need a table for 8 at 15:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : DJFSO1BJ.  Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves Corsica food in the expensive price range?|I don't have a match for that food type. I apologize. Would you like to try something else?
Can you try italian food instead?|We have five choices, any area preference in mind?
Any area is fine. Could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? We're looking for something at 18:45 on Tuesday.|Ok, I've made a reservation for you at frankie and bennys. The reference number is O7FO0UHU.
Thank you.  Could you please send me the address and phone number.|Of course.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy.  Phone 01223412430.
now find me a stay in the east and should have  a star of 4|I have 6 results matching your request.  What price range would you like cheap or moderate?
I'm not concerened about pricing, but I would like a 4 start hotel in the east.|I'd recommend the allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Its 4 stars and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No, thanks. I'm all set. Good bye.|Glad I could be of help, goodbye!
I am looking for a place to dine that has expensive romanian food.|No I'm sorry. Something else perhaps?
Is there one that serves Chinese instead?|I'm showing 9 entries throughout the area.  Do you have a preference between center, north, east, or south?
I have no preference.  I just need to book it for 8 at 12:45 on Thursday.|I have you booked at Yu Garden. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: D6LEPNCC. Anything else I can do for you?
I guess that will do. How about entertainment venues...what's there in city centre?|There are 44 attractions in the town centre. Do you have  a preference on type?
Yes, I'd like to find more information on entertainment attractions.|I'm sorry, there aren't any in the city centre?  Do you have a different area I can check?
Is there any in the type of college? If so can I have the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?|There are 13 different college attractions in the centre area.  Most of them are free, however there are some with entrance fees. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, no. I'd just like something good.|corpus christi college is popular, they have an entrance fee of 2 pounds, the address is at king's parade and the number is 01223338000
Thanks, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant.  I want to arrive by the booked time of 12:45|I was able to book a blue volvo for you, contact number is 07163210966
No, I think that will do it.  Thank you for your assistance.  Goodbye.|You are welcome, have a great trip.
I want to book a taxi to leave after 09:15 at Old Schools.|I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'll be going to royal standard.|Great news! I was able to book a red Volvo for you.
That is great news. May I have the contact number, too?|The contact number for the Volvo is 07321527336. Do you need any other tourist bookings?
No, that's everything I needed. Thanks!|You're more than welcome!
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food and is cheap.|La Raza is a cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food. Would you like to a book there?
Yes, please book that. That is all I need.|For what day and time, and for how many people?
For 6 people at 14:15 on Saturday. Can I get the reference number as well?|Your reference number is: X5LRUGFW. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all.|Thank you have a great day.
Can you also find me a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi?|There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel that matches your needs. Do you have an area in mind?
I would like the hotel please.|Sure, the hotel is the cambridge belfry, how many guests, days and starting when can I book this for you.
I need the address and postcode of the hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
You certainly can. I will need a taxi to take me to my reservation at the restaurant, from the hotel.|I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue volvo and the contact number is 0758643360.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.|You are welcome. Enjoy your day!
I'd like to find out more about taking a tour of Trinity College.|I do not have information about tours, would you like the phone number for Trinity College?
Actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is?  My friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.|It is a college located on trinity street. The entrance fee is 1 pound. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.|Of course. There are many restaurants in the area. Is there a food type you're interested in?
I would chinese please.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. And type of food doesn't actually matter. Just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.|May I suggest Jingling Noodle Bar, they have excellent food moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great. Can I have the phone number please?|their phone number is 01223566188.
Great!  Thanks.  I also need a taxi to take me between the two.  I want to leave the restaurant by 08:30|I would be happy to do get a taxi for you. I need the departure location, destination location and the time of travel.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.|Your cab will pick you up at 08:30 at Jingling Noodle bar to take you to Trinity College. Expect a yellow ford. The contact number is 07741212724.
Perfect, thank you for all your help.|Do you need help arranging transportation or lodging at this time?
No, thank you. I've got everything I need right now.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I am getting into birmingham new street train station and will be needing a taxi to take me to my hotel|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to leave after 14:45|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I want to be picked up from birmingham new street train station|I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'm heading to express by holiday inn cambridge.|Alright I've got you a grey toyota with the contact number 07779524494. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a attraction in the east part of town|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am not overly particular, what type do you have in the East?|We have a boat, two entertainment venues, and two museums here in the East.  Can I get you more information on any of those?
Which one would you suggest? Please give me the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode. Thank you.|How about the Funky Fun house? It is in the east at 8 mercers Row, mercers row industrial estate. The post code is cb13ef.
That will work. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.|There are a few to choose from. The Royal Standard is a gastropub. Does that sound good?
Sounds good, I need a taxi and I need to leave by 4:00 so I need a reservation for 3:00 or earlier if possible.|Sure, I can make your reservation first what day and for how many people please?
I need the taxi to commute between the two places on the same day.|The Taxi has been booked as requested.
Can you let me know the contact number and what kind of car?|Yes, the contact number is 07511049377 and it is a blue lexus.
Alright! Thanks so much for your help!|It was my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place with free parking, Internet is not required.|Alright, there about 30 or so hotels that would work. Did you prefer a certain area or price range?
I don't really have an area or price range in mind at the moment, but I am looking for a place that's a guesthouse.|alright, that narrowed the results down to 21 guesthouses. is there a star rating you are particularly interested in?
There really isn't any particular star rating I'm interested in.|May I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's moderately-priced in the north.
Please tell me its star rating, phone number and address.|The guesthouse has 4 stars. The address is 154 chesteron road. The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like for me to book it?
yes, it is perfect|What day will you be arriving? I also need to know how many people there will be and how long you will be staying.
There will be 8 of us and I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the center for 11;15 on Saturday.  Please send me the reference number.|Let's get your hotel booked first.  I will need to know how many days you'd like to stay and what day you want to begin your stay please.
I'll book the hotel myself, but I would like a restaurant reservation. Someplace moderately priced in the center of town.|There are 21 moderately priced restaurants near the centre. Do you have a type of cuisine in mind?
Not really, but a moderate priced restaurant in the centre would be ideal.|How does the copper kettle sound? It is moderately priced in town centre and serves british food. Can I reserve a table for you?
That's fine. Could you book a table for 8 people at 11:15. I need a reference number. I also need a taxi between both places arriving at the booked time.|It's booked. Reference number is 6JC8SK3S. Your taxi will arrive at 11 it's a red skoda with contact number 07950328037
Thank you. Will it take more than 15 minutes to get from the hotel to the restaurant?|No, your departure is at 11:00 and you will arive by 11:15. Is there anything else I can assist with you today?
No. I believe that will be everything. Thank you.|Thank you and please contact us again if you have any questions.
I need a place to dine at in the south that serves chinese.|How about the lucky star?
Is it in the expensive price range?|No, Lucky Star is cheap.  If you would like an expensive Chinese restaurant, might I suggest the Peking restaurant.
Yes, that sounds much better. Could you give me their information please?|The Peking is located at  010 Homerton Street City Centre. The post code is cb28nx. The phone number is 01223354755. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that won't be necessary at this time.  But, I am looking for places to go in the same area s the restaurant.|The south end of the city has 8 options to choose from, including parks, theatre, a nightclub, a museum, entertainment, and a cinema. Which would you like to know more about?
I don't care.  Could you pick out something good for me?  I just need the postcode and address, too.|Byard Art is a museum on the south side located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you I also need to get a taxi between the two places please.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you! Which site are you departing from, and what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
i ant to leave the attraction by 19:00.get contact number and car type for me please|You are all set, the vehicle is a grey skoda, they are reachable at 07920071341, may I help with anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|You're very welcome!  Just let us know if you need anything.
I want to take a taxi to eraina|I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I would prefer to leave after 06:45|Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from meze bar restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey volvo
Contact number	:	07740734110
Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. May I help you with any other bookings?
No, that's all thank you|Have a good trip!
I'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the north.|Sorry, I have no results for that query. Would you like to try a different area of town?
Are there any moderate priced hotels in the North?|Yes I have two. Would you like me to book one?
I need a hotel to include free parking; does either have that?|Yes both of them have free parking.
Which one would you recommend?|How about the Ashley hotel?
Is the Ashley hotel a 3 star hotel?|the ashley is actually a 2 star hotel.
That will be okay, can we book that.|Please tell me how many people will be staying, starting on what day and for how many nights?
I do not want to book it. I need the postcode and address only.|Okay. The postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. The address is 74 Chesterton Road. Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the hotel.|You never actually mentioned a restaurant. Are you needing help finding one?
Yes, need a chinese food restaurant in the same area and price range as the hotel.|How many people?
It will be just me today, thanks.|Golden Wok sounds suitable for you. Do you want a reservation?
no. i  just need the postcode and address|It is 	cb43hl	191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thanks. Sorry about that. I'd still like to request a taxi between the two.|I will need to know where you are leaving from and going to and what time you wish to arrive or leave.
I will be commuting between the hotel and restaurant.|Okay, let me work on booking that for you.
I need to leave the restaurant by 3:30, and I'll be going to the hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type		yellow honda
Contact number		07378282192
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today. Goodbye|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I'm so bored! Can you find me something to do on the west end of the city, please?|We've got 13 attractions in that area 5 colleges, 1 entertainment center and seven museum.  Do you have a preference?
None, what is one that you would recommend?|I find the museum of classical archaeology fascinating. It's also free! Would you like any more information on it?
A free museum is a great choice. What is the address so I can go right away?|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is located on sidgwick avenue in postcode cb39da. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what is the attraction type for the museum of classical archaeology? Then, I will have another topic for you.|It is a museum located in the west. They are located on Sidgwick Avenue. What else can I help you with today?
I'd also like to find an expensive Indian restaurant.|I've found curry garden, would you like their information?
Can you just book it for me? Table for 1 on Friday at 13:15. If you can, I would like the reference number.|Unfortunately, booking was not successful. May I try another day or time slot?
Yeah, how about 12:15?|i was unable to book at that time too, can we try some different time please
I need a place to stay located in North Cambridge that has free parking.|I have 8 guesthouses and 2 hotels in that area with free parking. Do you have a price range or rating in mind?
Yes, I would like a 3 star guesthoise please.|hamilton lodge suits all your description
Okay, please book that 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I have made those reservations for you your reference number is G3PHR3FO.
I am also looking for a good restaurant in the same north part of town.|There are many good restaurants in that area. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range please.|There is a Chinese and an Indian moderately priced  restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to book one?
Can you tell me the address for the Chinese restaurant|The address for the Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a taxi. I want to depart the hotel at 06:30 and go to the restaurant. Give me car type and contact info|A red skoda will be arriving to take you to the Golden Wok. The contact number is 07740908114. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Alright, have a nice day!
I want a place to dine in the centre of Cambridge with moderate pricing|I have plenty of options for you.  Is there any certain type of food you are looking to eat today?
I would like an Italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Monday and please provide the reference number.|I have reserved a table at pizza express. Your reference number is STRPXCFT. Do you need anything else?
Yes. Are there any colleges nearby that I can visit?|There are about 13 colleges in the centre of town. Might I suggest Hughes Hall. They offer free entrance and are located on Wollaston Road.
Thank you! What is the address/postcode for Hughes Hall?|The address is wollaston road and the postcode is cb12ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college.|Okay. I can get you a taxi if you know the time you'd like to leave or arrive.
I need to arrive by 14:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07841942758
Great!  That was all I needed/|Glad I could be of assistance. Good-bye.
Hi I am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does not need to have internet.|I have a listing for  one in the north of town,is that okay?
Is that 3 star with a moderate price?|The Alpha-Minton Guest House sounds like it will be perfect for you. It's a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the north. Can I book a room for you?
Please do, for 1 person, for 5 nights, starting Thursday.|I have made a booking here is your information: Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DGGHJ53E.
Thanks. Can you help me find a place to eat also? I'd like some British food, in the same price range as my hotel.|Unfortunately there are no moderately priced restaurants serving British food on the North side. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Yes, please look in another part of town.|The Copper Kettle is in centre. Phone number is 01223365098 and address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please for one person at 17:45 on Thursday.|You table is booked for 17:45 on Thursday. Your reference number is BB26WX3R. Is that all?
No, can you also help me book a taxi?|When you would like to leave or arrive by? What's your departure/destination?
I would like to arrive by 17:45 to the 4 Kings Parade.  Pick us up at the Alpha-Minon Guesthouse.|Okay great! Your car will be a black bmw and the contact number is 07675976580. Do you need help with anything else?
Nope. That's all. Thank you. Bye now|Have a nice day.
I'd like to find an attraction to visit, something on the west side.|I have 13 attractions on the west side. Do you know what type of attraction your interested in?
No, but you can give me the address to the first 3 attractions on the westside.|I have colleges: Churchill College on Storey's Way, Clare College on Trinity Lane, and Clare Hall on 	Herschel Road. Would you like another type of attraction?
No, can you please provide me with the address to Clare College? I am also looking for a cheap place to dine on the west side, cheaper price range.|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane.  Okay, I'll find somewhere for you to dine.  Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
I think I would like to get Italian. Do you have any located on the west side?|There is one cheap Italian eatery on the west side, called La Margherita. It's a wonderful place - would you like to make reservations?
Can I get the address, phone, and postcode please?|The address, phone, and postcode are 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, 01223315232, and cb30af. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel & the restaurant.|What time would you like to leave?
I can make my own dinner reservation.  I just need the taxi to leave Clare College by 12:30.|Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I need to go to the restaurant.|It's booked! Do you need contact info?
Yes, and the type of car.|The car is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07137645677.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much. That's all for today. Goodbye.|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to find somewhere to stay in the south|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price range? I'd like something in the cheap price range.|Then, I would recommend rosa's bed and breakfast, a cheap 4 star guesthouse. Do you need more information?
As long as it has free wifi I'll be happy!|Great, shall Il go ahead and book you then?
Can I get their postcode?|rosa's bed and breakfast	post code is cb22ha
I am also looking for a restaurant, should be cheap and in the south, near to my hotel. Do you have any options?|I have 2 choices. The Lucky Star serves chinese. And, Nando's is a portuguese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
I was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a cheap price.  Lets go with Nando's|Okay would you like to make a booking?
Can you just verify, is there an international restaurant in the south or no?|I have confirmed there are no international options, do you want to stick with nandos  or run another search?
Are there no international places to dine in the area? Anything other than British food in the area?|As I mentioned earlier, the only options in the south that are cheap are The Lucky Star (chinese) and Nando's (portuguese). Do you want me to search another area or price?
Sorry, this is the husband, Im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive.  Please book us for Nandos at 13:45 on tuesday for 5 people, thank you.|Thank you sir, I was starting to think this was a prank, you are set, your reference number is YNZ558E6, can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places please.|I can help, where to and from, and what time?
Thank you! From the hotel to the restaurant, please.|Sure! When would you like to leave/arrive?
by the restaurant  booked time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07559655717
Can I help you with anything else today?
Awesome. Thanks for all of your help. I have everything I need now.|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I would like to find a restaurant|I can help you find what you need.  What kind of food are you looking for?  Price preference?  What area?  Thanks!
Cheap price chinese in centre of town ?|I'm sorry, but I'm encountering an error. Could you please restate your request?
I apologize, my mind wandered there for a second, I was really looking for an attraction to see in the centre of town.|Did you have a particular attraction type in mind?
Not really can you make a suggestion?|How about a concerthall?
that sounds good. how much is the entrance fee?|The man on the moon concert hall is in the centre, but I don't have information about price.  I can give you their number, 01223474144.
Ok no problem. I am looking to book a room at Ashley Hotel.|Great! Just let me know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I will be arriving on Saturday with a party of 8 for 2 nights. Thaks|You are booked, the reference number is P06EPM0L, any further needs for today?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the attraction. I would like to leave the hotel by 07:15.|I booked your taxi.  It will be a blue volvo and the contact number is 7677029602.  Is there anything else you need today?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.|I have many varying from moderate to expensive in price range. Do you have a preference?
What do you have in the expensive price range?|I recommend Tandoori Palace, would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?|Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le. Their phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a college as a place to go in town.|I would recommend Clare Hall would you like to visit that?
Sure, but first I'll need to know the entrance fee, area, and address.|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane in the west area of the city.  The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there any other information I can get for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be heading from Clare Hall to Tandoori Palace, and I'd like to be picked up at 18:15.|Certainly, I have booked your car, it will be a yellow skoda  the contact number is 07839693090. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that is all. Thank you!|Have a great day!
Thanks for the help, bye!|Glad we could be assistance.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I visit Cambridge next month.  Are there any good ones?|We have a lot of good restaurants in the city.  Do you have a preference in the type of food you want?
Yes, I'd like to find a Japanese place in the centre.|There is wagamama in 36 Saint Andrews Street, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book it for 4 people at 11:15 on Monday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ULSWHGVK, anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some tourist places in town that are in the same area?|There are quite a lot of different places in the centre. Do you have a particular type in mind such as architecture, college, museum etc?
As long as it is in the same area it doesn't matter, please recommend one. I want its postcode and entrance fee as well|I recommend great saint mary's church. Its postcode is cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you very much. Actually, can you also reserve a taxi for me?|Sure, just let me know your departure location, destination and when you are going to travel.
I need to leave the church for lunch at the restaurant before the booked time.|absolutely. Look for a white tesla. Its number is 07550780265 in case you need to reach them.
It has been a pleasure talking to you. You have helped me get all I need. Thank you and goodbye.|It's a pleasant to help you. Please call back if you need further assistance in the future.
Okay I'm looking for a restaurant today.|Sure, what are you in the mood for?
I just want something cheap.|What area are you looking to dine in?
I'd like something in the west please.|There is an italian or vietnamese restaurant that meets your criteria, do you have a preference?
What is the Italian place?|The italian restaurant is called La Margherita. They are located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes I will have four guests total.|And on what day and time would you like the reservation?
I would like to check in on the same day.|And what time would you like to dine?
18:30 on Sunday please.|your set, reference # is 6MMV9XTU, anything else for you today?
I also need a taxi. It should arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|what is your destination?
As I just said, at the restaurant by 18:30.   Can I please get the car type and reference number?|I will get that information for you.
Thank you, I'll wait on your response.|Great, where should I send the car?
Sorry, before a taxi I need a place to stay.  I need it to include free parking & be in same area as the restaurant.|What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter. I need a place that included free wifi as well.|alexander bed and breakfast meets your criteria, shall I make a reservation?
Yes, I need a room for 4 nights beginning on sunday.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
4 please, for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.|I have made the reservation and your reference number is NREAFG7R.
Can you help with a taxi?|Okay I got you a grey Audi that will pick you up from the Alexander and their contact number is 07649834873.
.
Thanks. I think that's all I need help with today. Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me find a place that serves Russian food?|I am sorry there are no local russian restaurants. Would you consider trying something different?
Sure, can you look up chinese food instead?|I have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area or price range you have in mind?
Can we try something expensive.|There are 9 expensive Chinese places. What area are you looking in?
It doesn't matter. Just choose one for me. I'll need to know the area that it's located in.|peking restaurant is in the south.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.|great, i have 23 options for you!
Wow. That seems like a lot. I don't need free parking, if that helps to narrow the search.|the a and b guest house seems perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M8DI9LRQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! I also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at 4:00. Can you please do that, and give me the contact number and car type?|Your booking was susccessful. Your car is a blue lexus and its contact number is 07202318710.
I do think that is all I need. Thanks. Good day.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay.|What area of town will you be staying in?
I don't know what area it is in, but I was hoping you could make a reservation for me at the Lensfield Hotel.|I have the lensfield hotel in the south area. When would you like that reservation for?
Yes, that would be great. Can you reserve for me starting Thursday?|How many nights will you be staying?
I need a place for 5 nights. And I need it for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TGFJKYMX May I help you with anything else ?
I need some night life or places to go|What type of place are you looking for?
I just want to find somewhere in the centre to visit|What type of attraction are you interested in? There is lots to do in the centre
Maybe a museum?|There are 11. Would you like to go to museum of archaelogy and anthropology? The entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I will need a taxi to get inbetween those two places.|And what sized car will you need?
I need to fit 8 people. Thanks.|What time will you be traveling?
I want to  leave the attraction by 07:45|Booking is successful. The tax is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07052781550. Anything else?
Thank you much good bye.|Thank you for your inquiry. Glad to be of service.
I'm looking for museums in town. Can you recommend one?|There are 23 museums in town. Do you have a specific area you would be interested in?
Which ever one is your favorite will do. Can I have their contact information and what is the entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is in the east. They have no admission and their number is 01223902168
I need the post code also for the museum please.|Their postcode is cb13ef.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. I need a guesthouse. I should be a 4 star in the north. Parking is not important.|Acorn guest house looks available, would you like to book that?
Not right now, but could you tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, can you have a taxi pick me up at the Acorn and take me to the Artworks, say around 24:45?|Booking is complete. Your contact number is 07522217444. The car type will be a red tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed thank you!|I hope you enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for somewhere in town to go to where I can enjoy entertainment. Do you have any suggestions?|There are many options. Did you have a specific area or activity in mind?
Nothing specific, but I would like to know the entrance fee associated with the activity.|I would recommend the All Saints Church to visit. The entrance fee there is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also trying to find a good restaurant for lunch.|Cambridge has dozens of fine eateries. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I'm looking for Turkish cuisine.|Okay there are three located in the centre. What is your price range?
The price range should be moderate.|i recommend efes restaurant. can i give you the address?
Actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 for Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B4IPF338. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, Please reserve a taxi that can reach both areas, I would like to arrive by the booked time, Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.|For how many people, and when would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 18:15 on thursday.|A yellow skoda taxi will pick you up at all saints church to bring you to efes restaurant by 8:15. Your contact number is 07455408697. Is there anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.|Have a great time.
thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving christmas food. Can you help me?|Sorry, I couldn't find any christmas restaurants in the south. Want to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd really like cheap Christmas food. How about in a different area?|I don't have anything that serves Christmas food and is cheap.
What about a place serving Portuguese food?|Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south, would like more information about it?
Yes, could I get the postcode?|Postcode cb17dy.  Their phone and address is 01223327908, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the south of town?|I have one option for you. It is rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book the reservation and provide a reference number.|Sure, I can help you with the booking?  On what day will you be coming in?
I need to book for Friday for 5 nights.|How many people will be staying?
There will be 7 of us.|Okay, you are booked, with reference number 58HYUWPB
I also want to book a taxi to leave Rosa's bed and breakfast by 15:45. I would like the contact number and car type.|I have booked a red volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07404379938.
Thanks you have been great!|Thank you and enjoy your stay here in our lovely city!
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre in Cambridge.|I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouses in town centre. Would you like a cheap price range or expensive? Will you also need parking?
I would prefer a guesthouse, and it does not need to include internet.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range with a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you, that's all I needed.|If you change your mind and need a booking, we'll be here. Thanks for using our service!
Okay! Goodbye!|Goodbye. And feel free to contact us if there's any other information you need, as well.
I am also looking for an attraction, a swimming pool|We currently do not have any shown attraction in that area you are looking for.  Are there any other further things I could assist with?
Can you check a swimming pool in the west of the city?|I'm not showing a swimming pool in the East, but there are 2 in the North, will that work?
I'd prefer one in the same part of town as my hotel, are you sure there isn't one?|Yes, there are no swimming pools located to the west of your city. Thank you, if you need help with anything else, contact us again.
I'm looking to get some info on a hotel called cityroomz.|I've found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting friday.|Sure. Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is IBDDDIAJ.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using our service today.
Are there any museums in the centre?|We have 11 museums of various types, did you want more information on any of them?
Yes, I want to know about ones close to the center of town.|There are 11 museums close to the center of town. Are you looking for an art museum, a gallery, or another type of museum?
Can you give me the address to one of the art museums, please?|Sure. The cambridge contemporary art museum is at 6 trinity street.
Thanks. Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near there?|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the Centre, Kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Would you like more information one of them?
I would like more information on the gandhi. Thank you.|The Gandhi is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre. It is located at 72 Regent Street City Street. Their postcode is cb21dp. Their phone number is 0122335942.
Okay. Can we book a table there on Thursday at 18:00. It will be 5 people.|I will book that table for you now.
Thanks.  Can I get a reference number?|Table for 5 on Thursday at 18:00. They will only hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : C5FO3HZF.
I also need to book a taxi to get me there by 18:00 from the hotel.|What hotel are you staying at? Or do you need help booking a hotel as well?
I'm sorry. I meant I will need a taxi from the cambridge contemporary art museum to the Gandhi in time for the reservation.|A red Skoda will get you there in time. Contact # 07625450117.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Thank you! Have a nice day!
I need a taxi from great saint Mary's church to cocum at 04:15|Your car is a grey ford, contact number is 07864543066.
Thank you. That is all i needed.|You're very welcome. Have a safe ride.
I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.|Is there a particular area of town that you would like to visit?
in the west. let me know the attraction type and entrance fee|Magdalene college is a college with free admission.
Sounds good, Can you lookup places to stay that are 4 stars and moderately priced?|I havea few. What area are you looking at?
The same area as the attraction.|I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the West area that matches what you are looking for. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
How about in the cheap range?|We have finches bed and breakfast guesthouse and the cambridge belfry hotel, any preferences?
I'd like the finches bed and breakfast guesthouse|Can I book this for you?
Yes, please book it and give me the reference number.|On what day would you like to arrive?
on thursday please|I can book that for you now.
book it for 8 peple and 4 nights from thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PNPGQMFM.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|what time do you want to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 22:00.|Okay, good deal. I've booked the taxi for you. Your car type will be a white bmw, and the contact number is 07786419072.
Well thank you that will be all for today|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre and enjoy your visit. Goodbye.
Can you tell me if there's a concerthall in the city center?|There's a place called the Man on the Moon that is a great concert hall. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street. Postcode is cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223474144.
What is the entrance fee?|I do not have information on their entrance fee, I'm sorry.
Ok, well thanks anyway. Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town also? I prefer something moderately priced.|Sure thing, what kind of food would you like. I have several options?
I'm not too picky on what kind of food as long as it is good.  Can you make a few suggestions please?|Lan Hong House is Chinese food, Galleria is European style food and the Varsity Restaurant is international dining. Do any of these interest you?
Galleria sounds good. Could I get the postcode for that please?|sure, the postcode is cb21uw
Thank you, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay. Can you tell me the departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave the man on the moon by 04:45, can you set that up for me?|You got it! I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow ford with the contact number 07730485057
Thanks.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|enjoy your stay!
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay.|There are 3 hotels and 12 guesthouses in the moderate price range. What type of place do you want to stay at?
I would like a 4 star place to stay in but I don't need parking.|Depending on location, you have quite a few options.  Lets try narrowing down which area and other options you might want.   In the east area a and b guesthouse would be good.  There are several choices for north part of town.
I'm not concerned about area, but I do need a hotel.|I have none that are in the moderate price range with 4 stars. Would you like to try a different search?
Are you sure?  It does NOT need to have free parking.|I'm sorry, but I'm sure there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you like to search in any price range?
I think a bed and breakfast would be fine. I just need a moderate price range 4 star place.|Avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the North.  It is moderately priced.  Would you like to book a room?
yes, i want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.|I have that booked for you! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BQ10XUIJ.
I also need to book a table for 1 on Thursday at 16:45 at India House. Can you do that for me?|Your table for 1 at India House this Thursday at 16:45 Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : OSUO8YDY.
I will need a taxi that will take me from the Avalon to the India House by 16:45, can you book that for me?|Yes, the booking is completed. Car type is grey lexus and contact number is 0766024206.
well thank you thats all for today|You're welcome! Have a great day!
What's the address of Leverton House?|I'm not familiar with that place. If you could tell me what type of place it is we might be able to find it for you.
am looking for information about leverton hotel|Leverton house is a guesthouse on the east side. It is a cheap 4 star hotel that has free parking and wifi.
i could also want to go to a place in town and this should be in a museum.|There are 4 museums on the East side of town. Three are free to the public and has a 5 pound entrance fee. Would you like me to recommend one?
What's the one with the 5 pound entrance fee?|It is cambridge museum of technology
Okay, can you book a taxi to get me there?|Okay, first let me know which day you want to leave and time.
I'm looking for something to go to in Cambridge.|What area of town were you looking to visit?
It doesn't matter. I'm looking for a nice museum.|Broughton house gallery is a nice museum. Would you like the address?
Yes, please. May I also have the postcode and the area of town?|They're in the center of town. The postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves European food.|I have 5 different restaurants available. Do you prefer to dine in a certain area of town?
NO preference but lets try one in the center area since the museum is there.|There are three choices, erania, michaelhouse cafe, and darrys cookhouse and wine shop.  Any preferences?
Please get me a table for six at Erania for 15:30 on Wednesday.|Very good, I have your reservation for 6 on Wed at 15:30 made at Eraina. The reference number is 9IEPCLQU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll be needed a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to get there in time for the reservation.|I have booked a black Toyota. The contact number is 07957232666. Would that be all for you?
A Black Toyota Taxi?|Yes. Is there anything else I could help with?
No, I have everything I need for today.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I'd like to know what my options are, as far as expensive restaurants in the city center.|Do you have a particular food type that you would like to enjoy?
Yes, is there any chinese in the area?|sesame restaurant and bar is great. it is situated in 17 hills road city centre postcode cb21nw. can i give you the phone number?
On second thought, I'd rather have Mediterranean food.  Would you see if there's an expensive one in the centre area?|There are two.  La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Shiraz is my favorite.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes,table for 1 people at 12:15 on friday , thank you|Reference number is : 1DZDPY4K. What else can I help you with?
Also looking to visit a museum in the same area as the restaurant. Could you give me the phone number and postcode of one please?|I would recommend the Primavera. Phone is 01223357708. Zip code is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Next, I will need a taxi to go from the museum to the restaurant so I can get there in time for lunch. Is that possible?|Yes, I've booked you a taxi. It is a yellow tesla, Contact number	:	07670621306
Thank you that's all the help I need today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Book a taxi|Okay. I will need your departure site, destination, and a time please.
I want to be picked up from allenbell after 16:45 and taken to mumford theatre|Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
As long as I am picked up after 16:45 I will have plenty of time to arrive.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue ford
Contact number	:	07021649263
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant to eat at in east Cambridge?|I have 4 different food types available: British, Chinese, Gastropub and Indian. Does one of those appeal to you?
I was wanting Korean. Do you see any Korean restaurants anywhere else in the city?|There is one expensive Korean restaurant in the centre called Little Seoul.
Can you book me a table there?|How many people will be in your party and when would you like the reservation?
There will be 8 people, and I want to book it for 20:00 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TY97W8SL.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Yes I was wondering if you could help me find a nightclub in the same area.|Okay, there are 5 options. I recommend Club Salsa.
Great, could I get the address there please?|the address is 1 station road
Could I also have the postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 07782218745 and their postcode is cb12jb.
Did you book it for me?|Reservations aren't necessary for the Club Salsa, but the entrance fee is five pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I book a taxi to take me to the restaurant? I'll need to arrive by 20:00.|Please look for a blue BMW.  Contact number: 07757635795.  What else can I help you with today?
That was everything.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7. Have a great day.
I am looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|Ok, there are 13 in that area. Some have an entrance fee.
Can you recommend one please?|Downing College is very nice and they have no entrance fee.
Yes, I will choose that. Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address for Downing College? Thanks|Postcode cn21dq, phone 01223334860, and address is on regent street.  Enjoy!
I'm looking for something to do tonight.  Maybe the theatre?|There are 5 theatres, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south.  There are no fees listed, would you like information on any of these?
Can you give me any one in the centre, and give me phone number and postcode?|you can try adc theatre, phone number is 01223300085 and postcode cb58as
That is great can you also find me a hotel with a 0 star in the same area as the theatre|I have two choices for you.  Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking but need wifi while in the hotel.|Let me look for a hotel with wifi.
OK thank you, I would like the room for Thursday.|I have two options with internet do you have a price reference?
I don't have a preference, please just pick one.|We can try El Shaddai. How many nights will you be staying, and with how many people?
Three, nights and three people, from Thursday on.|I was able to book you a room for 3 for 3 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is MHTJJN91.
Fantastic, I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations, please.|Do you know what time you want to leave by?
I need to leave the hotel by 23:30. Can you please give me the contact number and car type for the taxi?|Sure, I have found you a white Tesla. Their contact number is 07150153206. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you|It has been my pleasure! Goodbye!
I need a 16:30 taxi.|I'd be happy to help with your request, will you be leaving at 16:30 and what is your departure site?
Yes, I will be leaving at 16:30 from Bedouin.|Great. And what is your destination?
I am going to london liverpool street train station.|I have booked your taxi
Thank you very much.|A grey toyota will be picking you up. Do you also need the contact number?
Yes, please. I need it in case there is a problem.|No problem.The contact number is 07357977369. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
can you help me find a cheap hotel?|There are 10 cheap hotels is there an area you prefer?
On second thought, I don't care what price it is.  I just really need a guesthouse with free parking.|I have many cheap guesthouses across the city. What area are do you prefer and if no preference would you like me to recommend something?
i prefer the west side. it should also have free wifi|There is nothing on the West side,want to try a different area ?
I don't need it to be cheap, but I really need it to be in the west and have free parking and wifi.|Finches Bed and Breakfast has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please and i'll need the reference number|What day do you need it for and for how many days and how many people?
Starting Sunday for 7 people for 4 nights.|I am unable to book the room at this time.
Is it available for 2 nights?|Your booking at finches bed and breakfast for a posey of 7 on Sunday for 2 nights was successful.   Your Reference number is : CUZA1TZH. Can i assist you further?
Thanks, now can you help me find a theatre in town? You can choose your favorite and just tell me the phone number for it|We have four available theatre options in town.I would recommend the mumford theatre and the phone is 08451962320.
Can you help me get a taxi to go to the theatre?|I need to know where will the taxi be picking you up and dropping you off? And is there anytime specific time you prefer?
I need to leave the hotel by 8:00 and go to the theatre thank you.|I have booked you with a grey honda taxi. The number for contact is 07678148281. Is there anything else I can help with?
I believe we got it all done today thanks. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that includes wifi in cambridge.|Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
No but I would like free parking and a star of 4 please.|Not a problem.  I see several that fit that description, so let's narrow it down a bit more.  Would you like to stay in a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel would be good, please.|I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap, located in the west, is a hotel with free internet and parking.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please!  For 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is: 529EH27L. Can I do anything else for you today?
Great I also am looking for some place to go for an attraction in the west part of town.|There are plenty of attractions in the West. What type of attraction do you fancy?
Surprise me! I'm always up for an adventure. I will need the address and entrance fee.|Churchill college is a great free attraction. The postcode is cb30ds. Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, I need to book a taxi.|The phone number for churchill college is  	01223336233.  What time do you need a taxi?
I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, leaving the hotel at 22:15.|Where would you like to depart from
Hi , can you recommend an inexpensive seafood restaurant?|Unfortunately, I was unable to find any restaurants that matched your request. Would you like me to look for a different food type?
How about Chinese restaurants?|Rice house is really good, you should try that one. It is located in Centre and is inexpensive in price as well.
Could I get the address and phone number for that restaurant?|Yes of course. The Rice House's address is 88 Mill Road City Centre and their telephone number is 01223367755.
Great, thanks. Can you also recommend a hotel in the north? I don't need anything specific.|I have 13 hotels in the north. Do you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter.|all guesthouses in the moderate price range, when would you like the room for
I'm actually not ready to book just yet, but could I find one that has free wifi?|Yes, I would suggest acorn guest house
Can I  book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BBXVMIT8. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure ... let me check with my wife.|Well if there is anything else you need, we're here 24/7. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'd like to book a taxi. I need it to arrive by 14:15 and my destination is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant.|Thank you, but before I can create your booking I need to know where you'll be departing from.
I will be departing from Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|Your booking was successful. Your car is a red honda and its contact number is 07924138056. Can I assist you with anything else today?
What type of car is it? And is there a contact number?|Yes, I can repeat it. A Red Honda car and the contact info is 07924138056. Can I help you with anything else?
than you very much. that is all i need today.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
i am  looking for information in Cambridge. A a place to dine.|which side of town and what is the price range?
Moderately priced, in the centre of town.|There are 21 great places to choose from. Do you have a certain type of restaurant you are looking for? Perhaps Italian or European?
I want to eat Thai food.|There aren't any Thai restaurants in that price range in the centre of town. Would you like to try something else?
Let me know about your Italian restaurants.|Okay, I found two options for you:  Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton.  Do either of those appeal to you?
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at 13:45 on thursday|I was able to book your table.  Your reference number is : OSAGFN8W.
Thank you. I will also need a hotel in that same area. Please, no guesthouses!|There are 3 options for hotels in the centre. There is one 0 star, one 3 star and one 4 star option. Which would you prefer?
I want the place with 0 stars.|Cityroomz has a 0 star rating with free internet, but does not provide parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please.  For 2 nights.|How many people will be staying with you and what day would you like to reserve your hotel room?
Two for the same day. I need a taxi to commute between the two places to be sure it arrives by the booked time. The contact number and car type?|Your room is booked, ref #DOSETWFU, and a red Audi will pick you up and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. Contact number 07840525996.
I have the hotel and the taxi already?|Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, Those are all i need for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
you too have a great day|Thank you so much.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap place to sleep, please.|What area of Cambridge will you be staying in? We have multiple hotels to choose from.
It doesn't matter, should be cheap and has four stars.|You're in luck, I have 6 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are cheap with a 4 star rating. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes, but the place needs to have free wifi as well.|I would recommend the four-star Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a cheap offering in the centre and it has wifi.
do they have free parking?|They do, they are located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I am ready for a reservation.|I will just need number of people staying and number of nights and your arrival date.
Actually, I just need the address of the hotel.|Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Anything else I can help with?
I looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. Located in the centre.|There are 15 different restaurants that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you're interested in to narrow your choices down?
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 12:00 on Wednesday.|Charlie chan is a nice place I will book it for you
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. I'm really interested in a theatre.|There are 4 theatres in the centre I recommend Mumford Theatre. Would you like the address?
Could I get their phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 08451962320. May I help you find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as Mumford Theatre.|What type of cuisine and price point do you prefer?
do you have any in mind? It really doesn't matter, as long as its moderately priced and in the same general area as the mumford.|The varsity restaurant comes highly recommended and serves international food. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on friday please|Your reference number is UZNF1KZ5 and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else in which I can help you?
Great, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant and want to arrive by the reservation time.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please contact 07732601077 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That will be all.|Ok! Have a great day!
I need a 04:00 taxi at the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant.|Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from birmingham new street train station.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07427709999
That is all I need, thank you!|You're quite welcome. Thanks so much for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.|There are 4 chinese restaurants in your price range. Are you interested in a particular location to narrow down the choices?
I need a restaurant located in the centre please.|There are three options which are centrally located, would you like to try the Lan Hong House?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on Monday.|I have you booked at Lan Hong House on Monday at 14:00. Reference number is : ONOCCL26. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to play soccer near the restaurant.|If you are looking to play soccer, would I be correct in that you are interested in a park in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, no, I'm interested in a multiple sports attraction.|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre area. Would you like to look in another area?
Okay, what about a college?|There are 13 colleges near the restaurant. Do you have a specific one you'd like to visit?
No, it doesn't matter.|There are 13 colleges nearby, would you like to try trinity street college?
Sure, can I have their phone number please?|Of course! Their phone number is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to book a taxi for the commute between the two places.  can you book one for me so I arrive on time?|OK, a white Skoda will pick you up at Trinity College and get you to the Lan Hong House by 14:00. The contact number is 07340629776. Can I help further?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  If there's anything else you might need don't hesitate in the future to contact us, we look forward to helping you!
I am good to go.  Thanks!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm looking for a museum in town|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Any particular one or area you are looking for?
I'd like to visit one with a low or free entrance fee. I also need to know in what area the museum is located.|I can recommend Broughton House Gallery. It is free and in the centre of town.
Is the Broughton House Gallery a museum? I am also looking for a place to stay. Preferably in the north.|Yes it is a museum. There are many hotels that match your criteria. Do you need free wifi or parking?
I do not need to have free parking or wifi. Please check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of a hotel for our stay.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Do you have a price range or number of stars in mind?
I would like it to be at least $100 a night and 3 stars.|I have two available guesthouses. They are both moderately priced. The Alpha-Milton and the Hamilton Lodge. Would you like more info on one of those?
Does one of those offer free parking? I would like it to have that where I stay.|The Hamilton Lodge has free parking and internet as well.  I can try to book it once I know the day, length of stay, and how many people.
Great. Could I get the postcode, phone number, and address please?|The postcode is cb41da and the phone is 01223365664. Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is All. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Are there any colleges in the west of town that I could go to? Thanks.|There are 5 colleges on the west side of town. I recommend checking out Churchill College. It's beautiful and free to get in!
What is the address to Churchhill College?|Churchill college is on storey's way.
thank you! I also am looking for carolina bed and breakfast|Carolina bed and breakfast is in the east area, can I book that for you?
No thanks, just gathering information.  Can I get the hotel type, phone number and postal code please?|You sure may.  It is a beautiful guesthouse located in postal code cb13nx.  Their phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you for the info.|You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Glad I could help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the east.|There are several to choose from.  Is there a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'm on food stamps and I can only afford the cheapest place.|There are 3 guesthouses available. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and wifi. They are the Allenbell, the Autumn House, and the Leverton House.
Do they have free wifi, and parking?   Free is my ideal price.|Yes, the guesthouses all provide free wifi and free parking. Would you like to a book a room at one?
No, but could you give me the postcode?|There are three guesthouses that meet that criteria, Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. For which would you like the postcode?
May I have the postcode for the Allenbell, please?|sure thing it is cb13js
I also wanted to find a nightclub to visit while I'm there.|there are quite a few in the towns centre. the kambar is quite nice at 1 wheeler st
That sounds great. Is there a cover charge?|Yes there is. It is five pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number?|Yes I will work on rounding that up for you.
Great I appreciate it!|The address is 1 Wheeler Street, postcode cb23qb, ant the phone is 01223842725.
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 15:45 please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07362491637
Can I help you anything else today?
thank you very much|You are very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a taxi today after 05:45|Okay. Where do you want to leave from?
I'll need to be picked up at holy trinity church, heading to byard art.|I have you all booked. Red Tesla, 746155219.
Great. Thank you!|Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that should do it.Thanks for your assistance!|You have a nice day. Goodbye.
I need a taxi to take me to the cambridge punter please|I need a cab to take me to the cambridge punter with an arrival time of 02:00
I think you're mistaken. I need a taxi going to cambridge punter|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07749752500
I need to book a taxi after 20:30. I need to go from ali baba to pipasha restaurant. Also I'll need the contact number and car type.|Your taxi is booked. Please be on the lookout for a black volvo and the contact number is 07827592182. Is there anything else i can help with?
No that will be all! Thank you!|Okay, you're welcome! have a wonderful day!
I need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking.|great, i have 19 options for you!
I would like for it to be in the cheap price range and also offer free wifi.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House which is located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting thursday|The room is booked for you!  Your reference number is: JZXS562J  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for a cheap Indian place to eat.|There are 4 options. Would you prefer to eat in the centre or in the north?
I'd prefer the centre, please.|How does Mahal of Cambridge sound?
Do you have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223360409.
What is wrong with me, I also need the address and postal code, I dont know why I didn't just ask all of that at once.|Not a problem at all! The address is 3 - 5 Millers Yard Mill Lane, and the postcode is cb21rq. Anything else for you?
Yes, I need a taxi please to commute between the two.|Where would you be getting picked up?
That hotel we discussed earlier.|MAy i have a leave time ?
I would like to leave by 11:15 please.|A white Ford will pick you up at 11:15. The contact number is 07196946340. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it for me. Thanks! Bye|Your welcome! Good bye.
I need a place to stay in the south of town.|i have a variety. if you can specify the price to narrow down my options
Moderately priced would be great, and I really need it to have WiFi.|Ok.  There are two options.  There is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house.  Which one would you prefer?
I think I'd like Bridge Guest House please.  Can you book it?|Sure. On what day, for how long, and for how many people?
We will arrive on Tuesday and stay for 4 nights. There will be 2 of us.|Booking was successful. and the Reference number is : 1JLMP6R2.
Great, thank you! We will also want to try a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Are there restaurants like that in Cambridge?|There are four is there an area you prefer to dine in?
The same area as my hotel.|Sorry there are none in the south.
How about one in the north?|There is one named the Nirala. WOuld you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! I need a table for 2 on Tuesday at 16:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ND2O59QO.
I need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by 16:15. It will pick me up at Bridge Guest House|I have that taxi reserved look for a grey tesla with a contact number of 07741826519.
that is great. thank you|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you so much.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Hello. I will be a tourist in Cambridge and I've heard there are many local attractions.|Yes, we actually have over 79 attractions. Do you have a specific area of town or interest of attraction you are looking for?
Can you recommend me a nightclub where I can get jiggy with it?|Well, I think the jiggiest nightclub in town is the Soul Tree Nightclub, right in centre city! Plus the entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
That is perfect can I have the postcode please?|Sure! The postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. Last time I stayed in Cambridge several years ago I stayed at the carolina bed and breakfast. Is it still around?|Yes, it is still around. Would you like me to book the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
I just need to verify some information before I book anything. Do they still have wifi, and have the prices stayed moderate? Oh, and they are in the East, correct?|They are in the east, yes, and they are still considered a moderately priced guesthouse. And they also have free parking and internet.
Awesome! I will also need to book a tai to go from the hotel to the nightclub.|Yes, they are in the east, prices still moderate and they do have wifi. Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 11:00.|I got a blue Audi for you. Their number is 07962712381. What else do you need?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I'll need a taxi to pick me up today after 02:45|Certainly. Can you tell me your departure and destination locations?
I'm departing from nusha and I want to go to pizza hut city centre.|You're all set! Booked car type	:	yellow tesla
Contact number	:	07359534792
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.|We are glad to help. Do you need any further assistance?
Thats perfect that you for your help|Have a wonderful day.
i want to book a taxi.|Ok, where are you leaving from?
I need to go from rajmahal to queen's college at 1:30, please.|I have booked you a car. It will be a white Skoda. The contact number is 07861610827. May I assist you with something else?
Thanks that's all. Have a good one.|Thank you. Have a good day!
I need a room, can you help?|i got a long list. it will help if you knew the king of food you want
Well I want a hotel not food.|Which area would you like to be in?
I would like something in the east with 4 stars.|There are 6 choices, any pricing preferences?
I would like it to be a guesthouse.|The allenbell is a guesthouse in the east in the cheap price range and it has a 4 star rating. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, I would like to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.|I will book that for you now.
Please do so.|Ok, I was able to make a booking. Your reference number is XVPDCMK9
thank you that is all I need goodbye|You're welcome. Have a great stay!
I'm looking for a guesthouse, I do an online business, so I will need free wifi.|There are 23. What part of town would you like to stay in?
a star of 4 and should include free parking in the North part of town|I have the Kirkwood House in the north.  It's located at 172 Chesterton Rd.  Would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book that for 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and give me the reference number on it.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is CX1Y5225.
Thank you. Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the town centre. What price range were you looking at?
I'm definitely looking for someplace cheap.|i would recommend golden house in 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. can i book for you?
no, just tell me the address and phone number.|The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, phone number 01842753771
Could you also book a taxi for me from the guest house to the restaurant?|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 05:45.|So you want to go from the restaurant to the guesthouse at 5:45?
Yes, please, I would like a taxi from the restaurant to the guesthouse.|Ok I've booked you a blue bmw to leave Kirkwood house at 5:45 going to Golden House.  Contact number:07124998798
Cool, thanks for your help.|you are welcome and thanks for choosing us
No problem. That's all I needed too. So, bye.|welcome anytime you need use
Hi, I am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you recommend something for me?|Sure, I am fond of the acorn guest house personally. Did you have a price range that you'd like to stick to?
I'm not too concerned about price. Is the Acorn Guest House in the north section of Cambridge?|Yes it is. Are you wanting to make a booking.
yes,  i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Sure thing, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will need that.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AOJGD8XG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports type attractions in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
How about a type of college? Could you provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address?|Yes, Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and the post code is cb23bu. It's free admission.
Thank you! I also need a taxi please.|Certainly. What is your intended destination and travel time?
I need to leave the attraction by 21:00 please.|Okay, you're all set. I booked a blue honda and the contact number is 07846176365
Thanks so much. You took care of everything I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.|It's been a pleasure. Have a good day.
I would like to visit the theatre.|There are five theatres in town, four in the centre and one in the south side. Do you want to visit a particular area of town?
I do not have a preference. I do need the address, postcode and phone number of a theatre.|would you be interested in the cambridge arts theatre?
Yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for Cambridge Arts Theatre. I also need to find a hotel to stay in.|Cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage, postcode cb23pj, and phone is 0122350333.  Did you have any preferences for your place to stay?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range and I will need free parking.|We have several places that meet your needs. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Archway House in the north.
i want it to be a guesthouse|The acorn guest house is in the north, with free parking, in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many people and for how many days?
I actually don't need it booked, I just need the address.|The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks now I need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:30 going to the theatre.|Where are you leaving from? What is the destination? What time do you want your taxi to arrive?
I will be leaving the hotel by 23:30 to the Cambridge Arts Theatre.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact nuber is 07474363221, and it is a Yellow Tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope I think that's it for now. Thanks much and have a great rest of your day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called Galleria.|Galleria serves European food in the moderate price range.  It is located in the Centre of town.  Would like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 5 people on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ENOALFAV.
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day.|great day and thanks for inquiring with us
I would also like to find a museum.|Which area would you like the museum to be?
How about you just choose the one you like best and give me the postcode, entrance fee, and area information for it|Byard art is a museum in the south. It is free to enter and the postcode is cb21sj. Anything more today?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from Byard art and take me to Galleria by 18:30. Provide car type and contact number too.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07555424165
Great thank you so much for all the help!|Is there anything I can do for you?
That's all I needed. Thanks for all your help.|OK great.  Have a good day.
I need a taxi to pick me up at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway to take me to Alpha-Milton Guest House.|Of course; can you tell me what time you need to leave or arrive by?
I will need to be there by 18:15 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volvo
Contact number	:	07057945339
I am going to the east part of Cambridge and want to see a good attraction.|We have several, are you looking for anything specific?
Nothing specific as I am looking for recommendations.|How about the funky fun house?
No, do you have any other suggestions?|There is the camboats, and the museum of technology!
Camboats sounds interesting. What type is it and where is it located?|camboats is a boat attraction. It is located in the east. The address is the plough, green end, fen ditton,. Is there anything else I can help with?
i wanta restaurant in the east that serves gastropub food.|Royal Standard is in the east and serves Gastropub food, does that meet your needs?
Yes that would be great. Could you book that for me?|Yes when would you like to go and what party size will you have?
I actually don't need a booking. Can I have the phone number and address instead?|phone number-01223247877 you are welcome
I still need the address, and after that we need to talk about a taxi.|The address for Royal Standard is 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there any more information regarding the restaurant?
No I just need a taxi from Camboats at 11:30 to go to the restaurant.|You're all set! You will be traveling in a grey BMW and their contact number is 07991243906 should you need to contact them.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Enjoy your stay. Glad I could help.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves high Chinese food and is more expensive than it's competitors.|I have some here can I get what area you would like to eat in?
I don't have a preference on the area. Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Ugly Duckling that is located in the city center?
That sounds fine, can you book  a table for 3 at 11:45 on Wednesday please?|You are booked for Weds at the ugly duckling refs number is U1BCCKQX
Can I get the phone also please?|They is no phone information given, can I help with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit on the east side of town.|There are lots of attractions in the east! Do you have a preference for type?
I will like a place with no entrance fee and also a taxi that will take me from the restaurant to the place.|Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. For the taxi, I will need more information on either departure or arrival time
What is cambridge artworks address?|the address is 5 greens road.
And can you give me the postcode?|Certainly, the postcode is cb13ef.  Are you still wanting to reserve a taxi?
Yes I still need a taxi please.|OK, and what time would you like that taxi?
well to commute between places.|A red honda will be picking you up in time for your reservation, the contact number is 07278810684, anything else today?
That takes care of my needs. Thank you, bye!|Glad I could help. Enjoy your trip!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses offering free parking. Do you have a price range?
No, just have to be in the east.|I suggest the guesthouse, Allenbell. Their address is 517a Coldham Lane cb13js. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights please.|I'll be happy to do that for you, what day will you plan on arriving for your stay?
I need the room starting on friday, please.|I was able to book you. Your references number is HIASSAH9.
Awesome. Thank you. Can you please find an architectural attraction for me in the centre of town?|Sure I have many. Should i suggest one for you?
Yes. Please make a suggestion.|How about all saints church located on jesus lane? There is no entrance fee, and the postcode is cb58bs.
Sounds great.  Can you book a taxi to the church for me?  I want to leave the hotel by 5:45.|That has been booked. Be expecting a white Toyota. Should you need to reach them, please call 07017250356.
That would be it and thanks a lot|You have a great day.
I need to book a taxi from the junction and I need to arrive by 04:00.|Sure! Where are you coming from?
I need picked up at the junction, I will be going to regency gallery.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow skoda
Contact number	:	07606313194
I would like to find a European in the moderate price range.|We have 5 European restaurants. In what area of town would you like to dine?
I don't mind but I would like the place to be moderately priced.|Ok, I am going to recommend the galleria restaurant in the centre, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number and postal code too?|The postcode is cb21uw and the phone number is 01223362054.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, thanks. I do need some information on vue cinema, please.|It is located in centre and on the grafton centre, east road
Can i have their phone number please?|08712240240. Do you need anything else?
Can I have a taxi, please? I want to leave vue cinema at 14:45.|Okay and what is your destination?
We will go from the vue cinema to the galleria restaurant. We will leave vue cinema at 14:45. Please provide the contact number and car type after you book, please.|grey skoda is the car and the contact number is: 07851810998. May I help you with something else ?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!
Greetings, I'm looking for a hotel to stay at on the southend.|Do you have a price range?
I would like it to be cheap.|I have one listing for rosa's bed and breakfast, would you like other information or like me to make a booking?
Yes, I would also like free parking and prefer a guesthouse.|I found Rosa's Bed and Breakfast matching your request.  Would you like me to book that for you now?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 8 people starting this Friday|I have reserved your room. The reference number is 0L7YKIHN. Can i do anything else for you today?
I was also hoping to find a restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel.|If you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the south there is a Chinese one and a Portuguese as well. Do you have a preference for price or style?
The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and  I would like a restaurant that serves barbeque food|There is only Chinese or Portuguese available
Tell me about the Portuguese restaurant|The restaurant is Nandos. I think you'll really like it. It's cheap and in the south area of town at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, post code cb17dy.
book it for the same number of people at 14:30 on the same day|Nandos is booked with the reference number 38RU5UDA.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Yes, I need a taxi to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booking time.  Nice car, no clunker please.|I was able to book the taxi arriving at nandos by 14:30.  It will be a yellow ford and the
contact number is 07126119012.
Great! Thank you so much!|You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?|Absolutely! My favorite place in the center of town is Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. It's beautiful there!
That sounds great, thank you very much! What type of attraction is that?|it is a park. can i give you their phone numbers?
No thanks. Can you find a guesthouse with free parking for me?|There are 21 guesthouses. Do you have a preference in price range or area of town?
No, but I definitely need free wifi.|That narrows it down to 21 options. Would you like a particular star rating?
Not really. It's fine.|Well, if you'll be visiting the centre, I recommend the El Shaddai. It's moderately priced with wi-fi and parking. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, I will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting Monday.|The booking was successful. 8QCQDYFQ is your reference number for that booking. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
I will need a taxi as well|Certainly, I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by 11:00.|Your taxi will be a yellow Volvo waiting at 11:00.The contact number for the taxi is 07072119452. May I help you with something else?
Great that's all the info I needed today, thanks!|I'm glad I could help you.
Me too.  Have a nice day.|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
i need information about attractions in the centre.|Certainly, are you looking for a museum, theater, college, nightclub or something architectural?
A nightclub would be nice|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, Kambar comes highly recommended. Would you like more information?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode?  Also, I'm looking for a restaurant in the same area.  I'd prefer british food.  Can you please help?|The phone number is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb. There are 7 british restaurants in the centre. Do you have a pricerange?
Thank you! The price range that I would like is expensive.|There are three choices for that price range, Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant.  Can I book one for you?
Yes please book one of your recommendation for Tuesday at 18:00 for 7 people.|Okay, I have successfully booked you at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is 740QI7VI.
Thank you goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you!
I need to book a taxi to take me from Mumford Theatre to go to Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop.|Ok, what time do you want to leave?
I need to get there by 24:45.|Your booking is complte, a grey lexus will pick you up. The contact number is 07486674737.  Do you need any further assistance?
That was everything. Thanks!!|You are quite welcome. Thanks for using our services.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food|Okay! I have found 6. What area of town would you like to dine in?
I am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the centre of town, please.|There are 3 in the centre. I recommend the cambridge chop house, would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
That would be great. Please make it for Monday.|What time would you like the table for? And how many in your party?
8 people at 11:45. I need the reference number please. Also, I need a hotel with wifi in the same price range as the restaurant.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZXIBGEVS.
I'm also looking for an upscale, expensive hotel in the area as well.|How many stars are you looking for?
it absolutely must be a 3-star hotel|The Lensfield Hotel would meet your needs.  It's located at 53-57 Lensfield Rd.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting Monday, provide reference number. Also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by 11:45. I will need contact number and car type.|Your hotel booking was successful. Reference number is : 1Y395K30. As for the taxi, be expecting a white Lexus. Their contact number is 07735778206 should you need it.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today. Goodbye|Okay you are welcome.
I'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called Travellers Rest.|I can help with that, what sort of information do you need?
I would like to book a table on Thursday for 6 people at 13:30.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9UPU6TFE. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 0 that has free WiFi in the moderate price range.|Cityroomz has everything you are looking for in accommodation. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes, please. Can I get a reservation for the same group of people on the same day? We'll be staying 4 nights.|I've made you a reservation at cityroomz for 6 people starting thursday night. Your reference number is LDYHL4PR. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. Can you help me with that?|When are you wanting to arrive?
I'm sorry, I need that taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to arrive at 13:30|Booking was successful, and it will be a red Toyota. Contact number is 07791600015. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you! That's all I needed help with today. Goodbye!|Have a great day!
Are there any British restaurants in the center of town?|There are 7 restaurants in the center of town that serve British cuisine. Would you prefer one with an expensive, moderate, or cheap price range?
Is there such thing as cheap British cuisine? Where is that?|There is no cheap British food in the centre. Would you prefer a moderately priced one?
Perhaps. I'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the centre?|We have cambridge university botanic gardens. Could you like more information on them?
Yes please, can I have the address?|Of course. The address listed is bateman street.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants near the botanic gardens?|There are 4 moderately priced British restaurants in the same area as the botanic gardens.
I'm sorry - I'd really like the name of a British restaurant in city center, I don't mind what price but please do tell me what the price is.|OK, how about Restaurant One Seven? It serves British cuisine in city centre. It's moderately priced.
Sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can I get a taxi from Restaurant One Seven to the gardens?|Sure, I'll need to know a time frame for arrival or departure though.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:45.|Alright, I have your taxi booked to pick you up at Restaurant One Seven at 14:45 to go to the Cambridge University Botanical Gardens.
Can I get a contact number for that taxi?|Sure thing, it will be a black audi and contact number 07098094342. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I an you find me a 0 star guesthouse to stay in.|city centre north b and b and el shaddai are 0 star guesthouses. Would you like to book one?
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a guesthouse with 0 star rating in the area of north that has free wifi, thank you.|The city centre north b and b meets those criteria. Do you want to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people and five nights on Monday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 5Z9LQBDL. Did you need anything else today?
I'm looking for a restaurant called saffron brasserie.|There is a Saffron Brasserie in the centre. It is an expensive Indian place. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. I'd also like to know what area of town it's in and what type of food it serves.|Saffron Brasserie is in the center of town, and it's an expensive Indian restaurant. Their phone number is 01223354679. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but I do need some information about a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel by 16:30.|OK, I have booked you a taxi per your requested, the contact number is 07831714545, it will be a white tesla picking you up.
Ok, great. Thanks for your help, you have covered everything I needed!|Fantastic. Have a great trip!
Hi I need a hotel that is in the east. I don't need free parking.|There are is one hotel and six guesthouses in the east. Would you like more information any particular establishment?
I would like the hotel if it has a 4 star rating.|I'm sorry, but there is no 4 Star hotel in the East. May check different area or guesthouse?
What types of guest houses are there in the east?|I have six, what price range are you looking for?
I am not particluar.|A and B Guest house is in the the moderate price range. It is on 124 Tenison road. Would you like me to book it?
Do they have rooms for 5 people. for 2 nights, starting Saturday?|Unfortunately no. Would you like to try a shorter duration, or maybe a different checkin day?
Okay, what about 1 night?|Yes, that did the trick. You're booked with reference number 0NDTR3EG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would love to try some french food while I am there. Could you help me find a restaurant?|There are no french restaurants in that area would you like to try something else?
I guess so. I guess maybe a good italian place would work.|How about Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 5 people and book me a taxi that leave the restaurant by 16:15.|What day and time would you need that reservation to be? Where will you be traveling to with the taxi?
Just to commute between the two places.|Okay, your taxi is booked and the car will be a black bmw and their contact number is 07478029188. Is there anything else you need?
Can I please have the phone number and area for Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Also, the guesthouse we booked is 4 stars correct?|It's located in the east. Their phone number is 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if that guesthouse we booked has 4 stars?|Yes it is rated 4 stars.
Ok great! That's all I needed. Thank you|You are very welcome. I'm glad I could assist.
Good Afternoon.  I am planning a trip and need some help with places I can go when I get there.|Sure! We have all types of attractions. Do you have anything in mind?
Not really.  I would like to stay toward the centre of town though.|I have several attraction in the Centre of town.  Could you provide a preference of type so I can narrow it down?
I would love to check out some modern art museums please|I would suggest castle galleries.
That sounds great! Can I have the address, phone number, and what's the entrance fee?|Its actually free to the public. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a 3 star room.|There are six options that fit your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you would prefer to stay in?
It doesn't matter, but I prefer a guesthouse over a hotel.|There are a number of guest houses available, the alpha-milton guesthouse is in the north area of town, shall i book it for you?
I just need to know the price range please. And confirm that it has free parking?|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is moderately priced, but it does not have free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I actually just want a taxi. I want to depart the hotel by 11:45 and go to the attraction. Please give me car type and contact info too|I have booked a blue volkswagen and the contact number is 07131268482.
Thank you so much!|Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in this lovely city!
Need a place to eat in the south of town that has moroccan food.|Unfortunately, there are no Moroccan restaurants in the south part of Cambridge. Could I help you find one with a different type or location?
How about one with indian food?|I have place. Oh, and it's a great place too. It's called Taj Tandoori. It's on the expensive side. They are in the south part of town. How does that sound?
Can I book a table for three people at 19:30 on Tuesday?|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other choices in mind?
Another indian restaurant will due, and I'll need my reference number too please.|I'm sorry, I checked every Indian restaurant in the city and could not find a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 19:30.  Do you have another time perhaps?
Can you try 18:30?|I was able to book Taj Tandoori for 18:30 on Tuesday. The reference number is 8L32ED7Q.
I also need a place to stay. I would like it be in the same area of the restaurant and with a 4 star rating.|I have the Aylesbray lodge guest house and Rosa's bed and breakfast available.
Are either of them moderately priced?|Rosa's is actually cheap and Aylesbury is moderately priced.
Does the Aylesbury have free wifi?|Yes it does, would you like any more info on the room?
Please book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.|Unfortunately their booked for that time, would you like to change the day for booking?
How about 2 nights?|I was able to book that, reference number is X2FC2VN3.
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need one more information. Do you have a time preference of when to leave or arrive?
I will need to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation on tuesday.|Ah, that makes sense. I've booked it, a white ford should be there to pick you up. The contact number is 07803520714. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|It has been a pleasure. Take care. Good day.
I need some place fun to go on the west side.  Any suggestions?|There are a number of attractions on the west side.  Are you interested in colleges, entertainment or museums?
I don't really have a preference, so which one do you think is best?|I think you would enjoy whale of a time located in the west of town.
What kind of place is it?|Whale of a Time is an entertainment venue. Would you like more imformation?
Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?|Their phone number is 01954781018 and I do not have information on the entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Yes. I also need info on a place to stay in the same area|There are 4 places to stay in the west. All have internet and parking. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse, please.|Finches bed and breakfast is avaialble would you like to book that?
I need a 3 star please.|There is the hobsons house. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it monday, 3 nights, 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LBHPKTZH.
I also need a taxi.|Will you be commuting between Whale of a Time and Hobsons House?
I need to go from the hobson house to whale of a time. I need to leave the hotel at 23:30.|Booking is completed. A white volvo will pick you up, their contact number is 0737942623. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is everything! Thanks!|Thank you for calling!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi.|I have several, when is your stay?
Do you have one that is a guesthouse?|a and b guest house is very nice
book for  6 people and three  nights starting on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZCRPOLK8. anything else?
Can you confirm a and b guest house is in the moderate price range, please?|Yes it is in the moderate price range, what help can I help with?
Okay, now I would like to find a restaurant in the centre that is also in the moderate price range|There are 21 options. What type of food do you like? Our restaurants are quite diverse.
Choose one and surprise me. And book it for 6 people on thursday at 13:15. I'll need the reference number|It appears our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes! What do you mean it's down? I need a place to eat!|Ah, it was just a temporary lapse, it is back up now.  I have you booked.  The reference number is K9PYGG5A.
What is the name of the restaurant you booked the reservation at? We will also need a taxi to get there from the guesthouse.|It was restaurant one seven, what time would you like that taxi?
I'll need it to pick me up from the hotel and arrive at the restaurant at least 10 min before our reservation?|A white bmw is booked for you. The contact number is 07793421858
Thanks! I'm all set now. Bye!|You are welcome and good bye
Hi, I am looking for a British-themed restaurant in the centre.|I found several restaurants to fit your needs. Do you prefer moderate or expensively priced?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant.|Wonderful! There are 4 in the centre of town: Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and the Cotto. Would you like for me to book one of these for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 8 at 12:00 on Saturday.|Unfortunately none of those are available, do you have another time you would like to try?
How about 11:00? And can I have a reference number for the reservation please?|It looks like Saturday at 12:00 is full for these as well. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
How about 11 o'clock?|You are booked at restaurant one seven at 11:00 with your table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number F3RVTNHQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 3 star hotel with free wifi.|I found multiple guesthouses with those qualities. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Type doesn't matter, but I do need it to be a mid-price range place, and I need free parking.|How about Hamilton Lodge? It's a guesthouse in the north end that has everything you ask for.
Sure, can I book for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people?|Ok, I've got you booked for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people at Hamilton Lodge. Your reference number is ALE0J2X2.
Great! Now I need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by that reservation time. Can you help with that?|I've booked a red honda for you. The contact number is 07213780681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you!  That is all that I need.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.|I have eighteen entries that match that. Please specify whether or not parking and free WiFi are of importance to you
It doesn't need to include internet. Does that narrow down the options?|I'd like to suggest alpha-milton guest house. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Cool. Can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?|You're all set. The book was successful and the reference number is 20MS14XW.
I'm also looking for a cinema in the west.|Sorry, I cannot find any cinema in the west.
Do you see any museum instead? Can I have the address?|Yep there are plenty of it. I would recommend the cambridge and county folk museum, which is located at 2-3 castle street.
That sounds great. Can I also have a taxi leaving at 11:45 from the museum to the hotel?|Please look for the white tesla. Its contact number is 07418410137. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all i need. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice trip.
Hi there, I'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. I'd like somewhere in the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.|There are a lot of great restaurants that are moderately priced in that area. Which type of food would you like?
Somewhere that serves light bites, please|There is no place in that area that serves light bites. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine perhaps?
What about a restaurant that serves European food, but still in the centre and moderately priced?|There are 4 restaurants that match your request, would you like to book one of them?
No, but could you give me the address and phone number for your favorite one?|The hotel du vin and bistro is a great place, they are located at 15-19 trumpington street and reachable at 01223227330
Are there any places to stay in the same general area as the restaurant?|I have 33 hotels in that area. Do you have a price range that you would like to stay in?
I need to stay in the moderate price range, please.|I have the Cityroomz that is moderately priced. Would you like a booking?
Actually, could I just get its phone number and address?|Sure, Cityroomz is located at sleeperz hotel, station road and the number for them is 01223304050.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we book a guesthouse in the centre?|Of course, how many nights will you be staying, and how many people will there be?
I will be staying for 5 nights and there will be 6 people.|What day are you starting your stay, please?
Starting from Friday. Could you book that for me?|I'm sorry I could not book for the time and length of stay. Would you like to change the day or length of stay?
Hmmm. How about two nights?|Would a cheap guesthouse in the centre area work?
That sounds fine.|There are two, but the Alexander bed and breakfast seems nice. It's rated 4 stars. What do you think?
Go ahead and book it, may I have the reference number please?|Your booking was suucessful for 2 nights Reference number is : D7B8XOEZ.. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to book a taxi if we can.|No problem. What between which locations would need the taxi and for what time?
I'll need to go between the hotel and the restaurant, and we'd like to leave the hotel by 6:30.|OK, I've booked you a car. A black ford should be picking you up at the Alexander by 6:30, contact number 07373630564. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope that is all I need today. Thank you for your assistance with all this!|It was a pleasure to help you today. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
i'm looking for a college to visit|We have 18 great colleges to choose from.  Is there a certain area of town you would like?
In the centre please|I have 13 on the list, do you have any other preferences? Fees, no fees?
type of guesthouse and should be a star of 4|I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does!  Shall I book you a room?
Yes please, for 5 people and 2 nights starting Sunday.|Your booking for 5 people at the acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FZ15JGCM.
Thank you, I will also need a taxi.|Sure thing! May I have the times you would need that taxi and also where you would like to be picked up for your ride to the lovely Acorn Guest House?
I would like to leave the hotel by 24:45|I'll need to know your destination please
Oh, first I still need to pick a college in the centre to visit. Can you choose one to recommend and give me their address?|Downing college has wide appeal and it's free. Your destination address will be Regent Street and the postcode is cb21dq.
That sounds perfect. I will need the taxi for going between the two places. As well as the car type and contact number.|Booking completed! A grey skoda, their contact number is 07497699159. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you and enjoy your time in our lovely city!
Can you assist me with the address and Phone number of ask restaurant in Cambridge. I need to try it when I Cambridge, its a local restaurant.|I would be happy to help. Ask is located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223364917. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people at 15:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1YGHGSPT.
Thank you! Can you also provide me with information on a hotel called the Lovell Lodge?|Lovell lodge is 2 star hotel in the moderate price range, located in the North. It has free parking and wifi.
That will work.  Can you give me the address?|The address is 365 milton road. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|There are several taxi's,what will your destination be ?
I am interested in seeing some of the attractions in town, particularly in the south. Can you help me?|Sure! Museum? Nightclub? Movies? You name it!
I have no preference, but you can suggest a Museum for me.|There are no museums in the south. Would you like to try a different area or different attraction?
That's too bad.  Can you find me a restaurant in the expensive price range in the south instead?|I have about 5 places to choose from. I have 2 chinese places, an indian place, an italian place and lastly a place that serves delicious Mexican food.
I would like Indian food.|Very good choice.  The taj tandoori restaurant is located at 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton.  Phone number is 01223412299 and post code is cb17aa.  Anything else?
I will like to book that for 5 people at 11:15 on Saturday.  I also really need that information on an attraction in the South.  Just something fun.|i have booked. Reference number is : 8JWW36ZA.anything else i can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi to get between the two places.  Can you help with that?|To book you a taxi, i will need to know where will you be departing from.
I'll be going to the restaurant.|I would need to know which two places you need to get to with the taxi. You only made restaurant reservations. You mentioned an attraction but never completed.
That's because you never got back to me, you forgot first. I want to go somewhere in the south but I'm not familiar with the town, what do you recommend?|Byard art is a very popular museum with both tourists and locals in the south part of town. Would you like me to book the taxi from here?
Yes, please, and can I also get a contact number and what type of car will arrive?|Ok in order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination.
Book taxi to go to  taj tandoori restaurant.  I need to arrive by 11:15 on Saturday.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Ok I need to firm up a attraction to visit then that will be my pick up location.|Ok, what type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend in the south?|I highly suggest a nightclub called The Place.
Ok great. I will need the phone number, address and postcode.|The phone number is 01223324600.
Great. Now I would like taxi from the attraction to the restaurant to arrive by 11:15.|A blue tesla will be picking you up at The Place and dropping you at Taj Tandoori at 11:15. The contact number is 	07648510373
Great, Thank you so much.  That is all I need.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a museum on the east side.|Yes, there are 4 museums available. Three of them are free.
Can I get the address to one?|Sure, the cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road. Is there anything else you need?
Could you give me the postcode, too?|The postcode is cb13ef.  It is a great museum.
Thank you, can't wait to go! Can you help me with one more thing? I need to find a guesthouse for us in the north.|There are several, all are in the moderate price range.  Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. I won't be needing free parking.|Okay I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like their information?
Please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|Acorn Guest House will be expecting the 8 of you to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VXH2CWOR. Is there anything else?
Awsome! I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 19:00.|Where will you be leaving from and what is the destination?
I'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 19:00 please.|I have booked you a taxi. A yellow Tesla will arrive to pick you up by 19:00. The contact number is 07384178468. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your holiday in Cambridge.
Can you tell me the address to a Chinese restaurant in Cambridge?|There are several Chinese restaurants in town. Which specific part of town are you interested in?
I am looking for one on the east side. However I need a indian restaurant not chinese.|Sorry about that. I have 4 Indian restaurants on the east side. Do you have a price range you'd like to stay within?
any price range is ok.  I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college|i do not have a place by your description. can we change location?
Let's actually find an Indian restaurant first.  What areas of town have indian places?|There are Indian restaurants in the centre, south, east, north, and west.  Do you have an area preference?
Preferably in the east. Would like the phone number. Also looking for colleges to visit and need to book a taxi for 1:15. I will need the number and car type.|I can help with all of those but first let's find a restaurant for you. Do you have a price range? There's 2 moderate and 2 expensive restaurants.
Price doesn't matter. What restaurant do you recommend?|Okay, how about curry prince? It is moderately priced and located in the east. Their phone number is 01223566388
Sounds good. Could you give me an idea of colleges I can visit whilst in Cambridge?|sure there's corpus christi, located in the centre and clare hall which is in the west.
Sure, let's do Corpus Christi. Could you get me a taxi from the restaurant to the college?|At what time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I want to leave the restaurant by 1:15.|Your booking is completed. A black skoda will be picking you up, their contact number is 07824442963.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all.|If you need anything else, please call us back. Have a great trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is ask.  Can you tell me about it?|Yes sure. their address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre and their telephone number and postcode are 01223364917 and cb21uf respectively. Is there anything else you need to know?
What side of town are they in?|Ask is located in the city centre.
Great, thanks. Can I also get some information on Hobsons House hotel?|Sure thing it is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Could you provide me with their phone number and star rating please?|The phone number is 01223304906 and the stars is 3
Thank you. I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. It needs to leave the hotel by 20:00.|Okay. We have you booked with a car that's a grey Skoda. The contact number is 07764280286.
That is all I need. Thank you so much for your help.|Yeah any time let us know if you need anything else.
Okay great. Bye now!|Sorry I forgot to hang up. Good bye now.
i want to book a taxi.|Okay. Where is the destination?
The destination is the museum of classical archaeology.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave after 10:15|Where would you like to be picked up from?
I need to depart from Curry King, please. Can I have the car type and contact number as well?|A red BMW will pick you up, and the contact number is 07641445161. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that's all I need for now!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Howdy! I'm looking to visit some colleges in the city centre if there are any. Preferably ones near food.|Would you like a free one or a paid entry one?
I am ok with either option.  Choose one you think I would enjoy and let me know the address and postcode.|How about the Christ's College in the Center located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. It has free admission.
That sounds fine.  Does it have actually street address?|That is the only address information I have, but if you have trouble finding them, you could call them at 01223334900.
Ok.  Could you help me find an Indian restaurant around there which serves Indian food,|I have 9 indian restaurants in the centre. Is there a price range you would like?
No preference for price range, but would like to have availability on Saturday.|I would suggest Curry Garden. If you tell me the time you would like booked and how many will be in your party, I'll check availability for you.
Please book a table for 3 at 15:30 on Saturday.|Great! Your reference number is QMHALXPG, is there anything else I can do?
Can I get a taxi from the place to the restaurant, I would like to arrive by the booked time of 15:30.|I booked a red Skoda to pick you up and get you to Curry for your reservation.  The contact number is 07087653240.  Can I help with anything else?
Terrific, thanks and have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo center, and I hope you enjoy your time in our city!
Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving japanese food|There is only one Japanese restaurant in the centre, Wagamama. Would this one be ok?
Yes. Could you tell me the price range please?|Wagamama is a high end restaurant and the price range is expensive, what is the price range you are looking for?
That is perfect. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode please?|The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. The postcode is cb23ae. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not at this time thank you, is there a museum close by the restaurant by chance?|Yes there are several, 11 in fact that you can choose from. Would you like any specific ones?
Can you recommend one that is in the centre? I need to know the entrance fee, please.|I would recommend cambridge contemporary art. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I also have the phone number, and address for cambridge contemporary art?|The address of Cambridge Contemporary Art is 6 trinity street. It's phone number is 01223324222. May I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 4.|Ok, I have a red BMW picking you up, do you need the contact number?
Yes I do.|The contact number for the taxi service is 07060233435. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a place to eat. Do you know any places in the centre of town with a moderate price?|I can help you with that. What type of cuisine would you be interested in?
I would like the restaurant to serve international food.|There are 2 restaurants serving international food. One is the varsity restaurant, the other is bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
I would like to book a table for 2 at 11:45 on Thursday at Bloomsbury.|Sure, I have made the reservation, and your reference number is W6A0B2QE.
Thank you. Can you also find me an entertainment attraction near Bloomsbury?|I'm sorry, there aren't any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you be interested in a different kind of attraction, or perhaps somewhere in another part of town?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre of town?|Yes, there are 5 results for nightclubs in the centre area.  The cheapest entrance fee is 4 pounds and that's at soul tree nightclub. Do you need more information?
Yes could I have their address please?|The Soul Tree is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you. Can I also book a taxi from the restaurant to the club?|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive before our reservation time.|I have booked a taxi for you. It is a red ford and the contact number is 07592537181. Is there anything else you need today?
That was everything, thanks!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Can you help me locate a place to eat tonight?|What price range and in what area?
I am looking for something expensive in the west please.|Your cuisine options are: British, European, Indian, and Thai.
I'm sorry, make that the centre of town. A Thai restaurant would be fine.|I found Bangkok City.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes I would like a table for 4 people at 16:00 on Saturday.|Reference number is : FJVATJEE. Is there anything else?
I am looking for an expensive place in the centre area with free wifi?|I have two options. The Gonville Hotel which has three stars, and the University Arms Hotel which has four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you. What is the University Arms Hotel's postcode?|its postcode is cb21ad. is that all?
What type of hotel is the University Arms?|It's a 4 star hotel. In the centre and expensive as you requested.
I would like to book a taxi that can commute to both places, It would need to arrive by the booked time. Please provide contact and the car type.|So, to clarify, you want a taxi from the University Arms to Bangkok City at 16:00, correct?
Yes, thank you.|Done! You'll be picked up in a yellow Tesla, and the contact number is 07044662222. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Is there a specific price range your looking for?
It should have a moderate price and I don't care about free parking.|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Do you need need free internet?
I don't need it but do they offer it? Also, can you provide me with the address.|There are 8 that include free wifi with a room. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I would like the address.|Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant that is in the same area as the hotel.|There are 5 restaurants in the same area, are you looking for a specific type of food or price range?
North Indian, please, and moderately priced.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything serving north indian food. Is there another cuisine type I can find for you?
How about Indian food by itself?|There is the nirala that serves indian food would you like me to book that?
Yes please and may I have the address and phone number. I would also like to book a taxi to get to the restaurant.|Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. I need a little more information to book a reservation. How many in your party and did you have a time in mind?
I don't need to book the restaurant.  I do need a taxi to pick me up from the restaurant and take me back to the hotel though.|I need to know what time you need the taxi at?
I need to leave the restaurant by 17:45.|I was able to book a yellow volkswagen, phone number is 07242504396.
Thank you, that will be all for me this time.|Okay, have a great day!
What time is the next train from Cambridge to Glastonbury?|You need to select train in order for me to look that up for you.
Well, my daughter just said she would prefer to drive, so how about helping us find a place to eat instead.|what type of food do you like?
I'm craving Romanian food at the moment.|I don't have any in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a moderately priced Spanish restaurant?|I actually do have one of those. It is called La Tasca. It's located in the centre of town at 14-16 Bridge Street. Did you need a reservation?
I also need to find a place to go to look at architecture in the city center.|You could try all saints church	located at Jesus Lane.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
Could you please give me the phone number and postcode for the church?|Yes their phone number is 01223452587 and their postcode is cb58bs.
What is their entrance fee? I would also like to book a taxi.|It is free to enter. Where will you want the taxi to take you to and from?
I it to come to the  restaurant and  then take meto the church.|Ok.  What time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would just need to arrive to the restaurant by 16:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07289428865
Thank you, that is all I need.|Okay, great. You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in Cambridge?|There are three 4-star hotels. What area would you prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the west part of town.|There are two choices, one is in the expensive price range, the other in the cheap price range. Which one is preferable to you?
I don't have a preference.|How does the huntingdon marriott hotel sound to you? May I book you there?
Is this the expensive or cheap price range option? How much does it cost per night?|They are in the expensive price range.
Ok. I'd like the address, please.|The huntingdon marriott hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.  Would you like to book a room?
Not at this time, but I would like to find a place to eat. Ideally an expensive German restaurant in the same area.|Unfortunately, no such restaurant exists. Would you like to look in a different area, price range, or cuisine type?
How about one that serves British food|There are two places Graffiti and Travellers Rest which would you like to try?
Graffiti sounds good. May I have their phone number, address, and postcode, please?|The address, phone number and post code for Graffiti are Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, 01223277977, cb30lx.
I'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 11:30.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from Graffiti to Huntingdon Marriot Hotel at 11:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the phone number of the taxi service and what car type will I be looking for?|number is 07435240506, and it is a black audi.
Great, you have been very helpful, that's all I need for now.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I want to book a taxi to williams art and antiques from pembroke college.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive at Williams Art and Antiques at one thirty p.m.|Okay I completed a booking for you
I need the contact number and the type of car please.|A yellow volkswagen is booked for you.  The contact number is 07206167165.
That's wonderful. And the taxi will arrive by 15:30, right?|Booking completed and corrected. You will get to williams art and antiques by 15:30.
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07554978717
Thank you!|Thank you good bye
I would like a cheap restaurant in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|There are quite a few different options you can choose from. Is there any particular type of food you are in the mood for?
No, just somewhere I can get in on Friday, 11:45.|Golden House on 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre has Chinese cuisine and their price range is considered cheap. Would this be a suitable choice or would you like other options?
This works. Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:45 on Friday?|Unfortunately they are currently booked for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
What about an hour earlier?|I have reserved you a table for 8 at 10:45 on friday your reference number is 6R8D8J8P
Thank you. I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay at as well, are there any 4 star accommodations like that?|Alexander b &b would suit you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book me the room for Friday.|Unfortunately they do not have any rooms available on Friday. Would you like to try another guest house?
Is there another 4 star guest house we can try?|You didn't mention how many people and for how many nights you will need a room for, can I have the information?
I need the hotel for 3 nights and for 8 people.|Luck is with us tonight! I was able to book the Alexander on Friday for 3 nights and 8 people. The reference number is ZDT7PP0G. Would you like anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the hotel. Could you book one for me?|Sure, I can do that.  Can you give me the time frame for the taxi?
I'd like to get from the hotel to the restaurant by 10:45.|Got you booked- black skoda phone 07407455573.  Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all I needed today, thank you.|Great! Let us know if you need anything else.
I am in need of a taxi to the cambridge punter please|I'd be happy to help, where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Magdalene college.|What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave after 16:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow lexus
Contact number	:	07556697926
Great, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I am actually all set now thanks though|Thank you for choosing our service, goodbye.
I need a hotel the next town over.|I can surely help with that.  Which part of town are you specifically looking for?
I don't care which part of town it is. I just want a cheap place with free wifi.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre with 4 stars in the cheap price range, and has free wifi.  Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please do and send me the reference number.|What day would you like me book and how many days will you be staying?
I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on friday please.|You are all set with the booking, the reference number is B8R0DO3L, can I help with anything else?
Can you also provide the address to an attraction in the town centre?|Castle Galleries is a lovely museum in the town centre. The address for the attraction is unit su43, grande arcade, Aaint Andrews Street.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the attraction by 21:30. Send me the contact number and car type please.|Sure, can you tell me your destination just so I can be sure to send it to the right place?
My destination will be going from the Castle Galleries and going back to the Alexander bed and breakfast|I've booked a blue tesla, which you can reach at 07827647450. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|Have a great time.
I have a particular restaurant that I need to find please.|Do you know the name of the location?
The restaurant is called the Cambridge Chop House. I would really like to make a reservation there.|Great, how many people will be dining?
Six people will be dining.|What day and time would you like to make the reservation?
On Thursday at 19:30 please.|Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  KOOJ1Y7I. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for some where to go in the center of town.|Did you have something in mind. We have lots of great things to do--colleges, museums, theatres, nightclubs, etc.
I'm not sure. What types of museums are there?|yes we have art galleries and anthropology and archaeology museums.
select one and give me its entrance fee, attraction type and phone number|the fitzwilliam museum is very popular. There is no entrance fee and their phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant, to get there in time for my reservation.|Okay great! Your car will be a grey bmw and the contact number is 07720582184.
Very good, thank you kindly, that will be all.  You are dismissed.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge|I have no hotels matching your request. Would you like to change your price range or star rating and try again?
Ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then.|The Cambridge Belfry has free parking and is in the cheap price range, would you like to book this hotel?
Is it in the moderate price range?|No, the hotel is within the cheap price range. Would you like me to alter the search?
I would like one in the moderate price range. I need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people.|I have found two hotels meeting your specifications in the moderate price range. Do you have any additional preferences?
No, I just need a room for 4 people. We'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel on Monday for 4 nights/4 guests. Your reference number is KFHQFY56. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant serving British food that is moderately priced.|I have five moderately priced restaurants serving British food. Do you have a preference for location? Four are in city center and one is west.
No preference. What would you recommend? And I'll need the address.|I like the copper kettle, it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That's OK, I'll handle that, but I'll need a taxi between the Ashley Hotel and the restaurant leaving by 17:30.|I was able to schedule taxi service for you at the time specified. You will be looking for a Blue Lexus. If you need to contact them, please call 07580951630.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!
I want to find somewhere to go in the centre.|Are you looking for an attraction to go to? Or are you looking for a restaurant or a hotel or something else? I need more information.
Yes, attractions to visit.|May i know the type of attraction you will prefer. We have architecture, boat, cinema, college, nightclub, museum and much more?
I don't know.  Can you recommend your favorite thing to do?|I enjoy the cambridge university botanic gardens this time of year. They have an entrance fee of 4 pounds.
Okay, great. I'll also need to know the postcode, if possible?|cambridge university botanic gardens post code is cb21jf.
I also need to find restaurant serving modern European food.|Assuming you have no further criteria, the Galleria is a great restaurant on 33 Bridge Street.
Ok, please also book me a taxi from the restaurant at 05:30 and can I have a description and contact information for the taxi? Thanks.|Yellow Lexus, 07263691151. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and I am looking for a restaurant call The Varsity Restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant serves international food at moderate prices.  They are located in the centre.  Would you like help in making a reservation?
Yes please. Can you make it for 7 people on sunday at 15:00?|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time.  Would you like to try a different time?
Could we make it for 14:00.|Yes that time is available, would you like me to book that for you?
I sure would, thanks.|Great, you're booked with reference number EZAWT5OG. May I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Can you assist me with that also?|Yes, I can.  How about Scudamore's Punting Co.?  It is located in the centre of town so it would be close to your restaurant.
Sounds great, but I actually would prefer to maybe visit a college campus. Can you recommend one?|I have five places. Jesus college is a good one, what would you like to know?
Can I get the postcode?|The postcode is cb58bl.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant. I want to make sure it arrives by my reserved time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07727861490
is there anything else i can help you with?
I would like to find an expensive restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy please|Would a gastropub work for you?
Can I have more information on gastropub?|There are 3 gastropubs, 2 in the centre and 1 in the east, that are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
If there is no expensive restaurant serving molecular gastronomy food, I would take one that serves Indian food.|Great I recommend Curry Garden.  It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the Centre.  Would you like a reservation?
That place sounds pretty good, but no reservation at this time, thanks. I would like to know their postcode, please?|The postcode is cb21dp.
Great.  I also need some information about an attraction called The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.  Can you look that up?|Absolutely! It is located at cherry hinton road and is an entertainment in the east area.
Thanks.  Can you provide the phone number and postcode too?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223446104 and the post code is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi today to get me between the two places.|What time would you like that taxi?
I'd like to leave by 06:45, please.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07984587445, and the car type will be a black lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks!|Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I need a taxi to the arbury lodge guesthouse.|Ok.  I can help you with that.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from grafton.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 07:00.|Great! I was able to book a car for you at 7:00/
Did I say arrive by 7:00? Sorry, I meant to say leave the restaurant after 04:15.|Okay you've been rebooked into a grey toyota.
Alright. What is the contact number?|The contact number is 07421146417. Do you need help with anything else?
That's all I need help with right now. Thank you!|You are welcome.
I need a taxi to leave after 03:00|What is your departure site?
I'm departing from anatolia.|I'd be happy to book that for you, what is your destination?
I need to get to the Cambridge Corn Exchange.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07025112262
Thank you so much.|If that is all I can help you with, have a great day!
Can you help me find a restaurant in the middle price range?|Sure thing, I would suggest the copper kettle.
Is it located in the South? Does it serve Lebanese food?|I have no matches. Do you have any other preferences?
How about italian food?|Pizza hut is in that are and will suit your needs. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at 18:30 on tuesday|I've reserved a table at 18:30 on Tuesday for 3. Your reference number is GCGHXNVN. Can i help you with anything else?
I would also like to know more about fun places to go in the south.|There are 8 different attractions in the south.  Do you have a type in mind?
Is there a college in the South I could visit?|Unfortunately, there are no colleges in the south. There are a cinema, two entertainments, a museum, a nightclub, a theatre and two parks. Which one appeals to you?
Hmm I'm feeling indecisive. Why don't you pick one that you like best and then please tell me the entrance fee, attraction type, and address for it.|I'm partial to the Byard Art Museum. It's located at 14 King's Parade, and best of all, free. Can I assist you with something else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a taxi to get between the two places. Can you please help?|Do you need the taxi to pick you up at the museum and take you to the restaurant?
Yes, and I need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|OK i've got a white BMW and the contact number is 07669345707. Anything else?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thanks for using Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a great trip!
I am looking for a moderately price British restaurant.|I found 5 moderately priced British restaurants.  Would you prefer the center or west part of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre.|I have found The Oak Bistro. It is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at 14:30 on saturday? I'll need the reference number.|I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is WAU3QQKF.
Can you hold the reservation for 30 minutes instead?|I'm sorry our system doesn't offer that choice, would you like the phone number?
No that's okay but I am looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant can you please help?|There are five hotels in the center of town that range from cheap to expensive. What kind of place are you looking for?
I am looking for an expensive hotel.|There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville and University Arms. Which would you prefer?
I am actually looking for a moderately priced hotel and I will need free wifi.|Cityroomz is the only hotel that fits that description, would this work for you?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book for 4 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please.|Ok, all booked, your reference number is M6OWA41B.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi  to to from the hotel to the restaurant.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from your hotel to your restaurant. It will get you there before your reservation time.
One last thing. May I have their contact number and car type please?|The contact number is 07171167823 and it is a yellow ford. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was it. Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel to stay at.  Free parking is not necessary.|Okay I can help you with that. There are many options to choose from. What is your price range?
I would prefer to keep it in the moderate price range and I really need free WiFi as well, please.|I have several indifferent areas of town.  Do you have a location preference?
No, not really. Just needs to be in the moderate price range.|I'd recommend the avalon hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would. Can you book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting Saturday?|I successfully booked a room for 2 at the Avalon for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is D5ZO6ZH1
I am also looking for a resturant called Nandos City centre. Can you make a reservation there for 2 people at 17:00 on Saturday?|Sure. Your reference number is 6F6ZHY2Z. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need to arrive by my reservation time.|Here is a number for a reliable taxi
Please book a taxi for me|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arrive by 19:00|I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|Where will the taxi be taking you tonight?
I am eager to visit cambridge university botanic gardens.|Ok, I've booked your taxi. It will be a grey lexus, contact number 07229148300
What time will the taxi be arriving at the Alpha-Milton?|You should contact the taxi for an approximate time.
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Anytime!  Enjoy your stay.
I would like to book a taxi from the hamilton lodge to restaurant one seven.|Ok, what time do you want to leave.
I'd like to arrive by 21:30.|Booking completed! Anything else I can help with today?
Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07966585521
Thank you for your help, goodbye!|No problem. Have a good day!
I want help booking a taxi|Okay, what is your destination?
I am going to the Cambridge county fair next to the city tourist museum.|And when would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 16:45|And where will you be leaving from?
Leaving from travelers rest|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07267142867
Perfect! Thank you so much for all of your help.|You are more than welcome!
Can you provide me with a great eatery in Cambridge please|I will go to the lucky star, thanks so much
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean. I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town.|thank you, I will go to the curry garden.
Is that expensive?|Yes. The curry garden is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Is this located in the centre area?|Yes, the Curry Garden is an Indian restaurant in the centre part of town.
OK, I don't need a table right now, but I do need the address and postcode of the Curry Garden, please.|The postcode is cb21dp and address 106 Regent Street City Centre
Can you tell me about a local swimming pool in town?|There are four swimming pools in town, North, East and Centre. Can you narrow down which area you prefer?
The north please, can I get the phone number, address, and area?|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river. Their number is 01223302579.
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places, I want to leave curry garden at 12:00 and go to jesus green outdoor pool.|Okay, I have booked you a taxi between the places. A red volvo will pick you up at 12:00 at curry garden, The contact number is 07309123705.
That's everything I needed. Thank you so much for your help!|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge|I can help you with that.  Do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
That does not matter but I would like it in the cheap price range.|There is a bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road by the name of Alexander, with free parking, internet and 4 star rated. All in a very cheap price.
That sounds perfect. That's all I needed for today, thanks.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge, have a great day!
I would like to find a pool as well.|There are 4 to choose from. Would you rather go to one located in the east, north, or centre?
Let's put the pool on hold. I forgot to ask you to book the Alexander for me. It is just me for two nights beginning Saturday.|I'd be happy to reserve your rooms for you. How many people will you be traveling with?
There is only me.|Your booking for Alexander bed and breakfast was successful. The reference number is F371FPBA. What else can I do for you?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 21:00 and take me to the hotel. I'll need car and contact info too.|We didnt pick out a pool yet, any preference in area?
Yes, I'd like in to be in the centre of town|I am sorry I need to know where you are going?
I would like a swimming pool at the centre of town.|Parkside pool is in the centre of town. The address is gonville place and the phone number is 01223445100.
Can I get some information on the arbury lodge guesthouse?|It is a guesethouse in the north part of town in the modrate price range and has a 4 star rating.
and what is the address?|Asbury Lodge Guesthouse 82 Asbury Road cb42je
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in the north that have to do with boating. Is there any place around there to go?|Yes I have four boat attractions 2 in the centre, one north, and one west.  What part of town would you like?
I would like that in the north please.|The Riverboat Georgina sounds like what you are looking for than. Would you like more information on this attraction?
Yes please. Could I get the address, postcode, and entrance fee?|They are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax postcode.  Fees vary by boat type and length of time rented, but you can call 01223902091 for that information.
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the boating place, I want to leave the hotel by 15:00|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volkswagen and their number is 07212731770.
Thank you so much!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hi, I am looking for restaurant in the west, somewhere that serves Northern European food.|There are no restaurants that serve northern European food in that area, would you like to try another type of cuisine or look in a different area?
Let's Try Mexican, anything for Mexican?|I can't find anything for Mexican either. Is there another location you'd like to look in?
How about an Indian restaurant?|Sure, I have tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant, meghna. Can I book a table for you at one of these?
No thank you, but can I have their address, phone number, and postcode?|Certainly, i can provide that info, Which restaurant would you like the info for?
The Maharajah Tandoon sounds perfect. Can I get the information for them?|the maharajah tandoori restaurant serves expensive indian food. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Their contact number is 01223358399. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can give me info on the Hamilton Lodge?|Sure the Hamilton Lodge is a Guesthouse on the north side of town. It's moderately priced and has full amenities. Does that suit your needs?
Yes.  That sounds great.  I'm also going to need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.|What time would you like to leave your hotel?
I need to leave by 4:15. I would like to know what car type would pick me up and get a contact number for the driver.|The car is a red bmw. The contact number is: 07608942055.
Great. Thank you very much for you help. That is all I need today.|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Hi, can you help me book a taxi to go from Jinling Noodle Bar over to Tenpin?|I'd be happy to help you, when would you like to arrive at tenpin?
I would like the taxi to arrive in Tenpin by 21:45.|Booking completed. Please look out for a grey BMW! Contact number is 07914917823. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Enjoy your time in Cambridge! Goodbye!
I am looking for a museum on the west side of town.|There are 7 museums in the west.
Which one is the cheapest?|I would go with kettle's yard since it is free. Would you like more information?
What is the address?|Their address is Castle Street, cb30aq. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also wanting to find out some info on a restaurant called The Gardenia.|That is a great Mediterranean place. What would you like to know about it?
i would like to make a reservation there for Wednesday. There will be 6 people.|Alright I will connect you so you will get tickets for the event.
Event?  I want to book a table at a restaurant please.|What time would you like your reservation?
Let's shoot for 16:45 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KF2WIGAS. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a taxi to commute between the to places.|I have you leaving at 16:15 and arriving at 16:45. It'll be a white volvo and the number is 07193127325
Thank you so much.|is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I enjoyed helping you. Goodbye.
Need a place to eat that has caribbean food, somewhere in south of town.|Okay, I don't have anything on the Southside. We can try another cuisine or a different location.
ok what about on any other side of Town?|There are no places to eat with that food, another type perhaps?
How about one that serves indian food instead?|Might I suggest curry garden? They are in the centre and are in the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the address and postcode for Curry Garden?|Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, I do need help finding a place to stay that has free parking though.|There are 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I prefer the room to be in a hotel.|There are eight. You might like The Lensfield Hotel, it's in the south of town. Would you like to book a room there?
yes please. Can you make the booking for two nights?|How many people will be staying?
I think I'll hold off on that reservation. Does that hotel have free Internet? I do want to book a taxi if you can do that.|The hotel does come with free wifi.  For the taxi, what is your departure site and destination<  I will also need time frames you want.
From the Curry Garden to the hotel.  I want to leave the restaurant by 23:45.|Thank you, I was able to book a taxi for 23:45. It will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07162285520.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
Hi there. Are there any colleges in the centre of town that you know of?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular one?
Not particularly, can you make a recommendation?|Christ's college is in the centre of town and has free admission.
Okay. Get me their phone number, address and postcode. Can you give me information on a restaurant called The Gandhi?|Christ's College phone number is 01223334900 and their address is saint andrew's street, cb23bu. The Gandhi is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town.
Can you please give me the phone number for The Gandhi?|The phone number for The Gandhi is 01223353942. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes. Can you please book a taxi between The Gandhi and Christ's College. I want to leave the restaurant by 08:45|I've booked your taxi to leave the restaurant by 08:45. The car type is a white ford and the contact number is 07792703119
That is all I need. Thank you.|Perfect! I'm glad I could help you with your travel plans today.
I am looking to eat at an expensively priced mexican place.  Can you help me?|There is one mexican restaurant in the expensive range, chiquito restaurant bar.  Would you like more information or a booking?
That sounds great!  I need to book for 3 people on Friday at 19:30.  I will need a reference number.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : GOJIRRQ4.
OK, thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel and doesn't not need to have free parking.|We have several hotels, including one in the South, the same area as the restaurant.  It is expensive, but we have others in other areas as well.
I need it to be cheap with free wifi.|The cambridge belfry is a chear foru star hotel, would you like me to book you?
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the hotel.|it is 4 star and the address is back lane, cambourne, the post code is cb236bw. is there something else i could help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi.|Sure! What will be you departing and arriving destinations?
From the cambridge belfry to chiquito restaurant bar.  We won't be fit to drive!|Totally understand that. When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive before 19:30.|a yellow toyota will be picking you up and the contact number is 07656739082, anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help?|Sure, what kind of food were you interested in?
I don't have a preference. Just need it to be cheap and in the south.|Nandos is my favorite. Cheap but excellent Portuguese place. Would you like a table there?
please get me their address.|Sure, it's Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay, a guesthouse please.|I will be happy to help with that, is there a certain area you were looking to stay at?
I'm looking for something in Cambridge, probably in the south as well, but it's not necessary.|bridge guest house has a 3 star rating and is at 151 hills road
Is Bridge Guest House in the south? If so, I will also need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the guesthouse.|Yes bridge guesthouse is in the south. Sure when would you like to leave the restaurant?
What is the star of that hotel? The address, including area of town too.|It is rated 3 stars and is in the south and its address is 151 Hills Road.
Great, thanks.  Can you also help me get a taxi from the restaurant?|sure, when would you like arrive by?
Thanks! I don't care, I just want to leave at 06:45, please.|Alright ive booked you a red volkswagen from nanfos to the bridge guesthouse that leaves at 06:45. their contact number is 07562063340. Anything else I can do to help?
Thanks that's all I need.|OKay, I am glad I could assist.
Thanks again, goodbye.|you are welcome to Cambridge
I would like to find a hotel in the east. Can you help me?|Sure, Express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east. Free internet & parking 2 stars. Phone number is 01223866800
I'd actually like to find a guesthouse in the east instead. I'd still like it to have free wifi.|I have about 6 different ones. Do you have a preference on price range? I have cheaper options and moderately priced ones.
The price does not matter. I would like it to be booked for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday.|I can book you into the allenbell. It is a cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
Great, let's try booking a room there.|The booking was unsuccessful do you have another choice?
Maybe just a one night stay then, try that.|Alright, I was successful in booking the Allenbell for Friday for 7 people at one night. Your reference code is 7D76ELJF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find me an expensive British restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|The grafton hotel restaurant sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please. Could you provide me with their postcode, phone number, and address as well?|What time on Friday would you like to reserve your table?  Also, will it be the 7 people?
Actually, no need to book. I just need the postcode, phone number and address for the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Thanks.|It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Their phone number is 01223241387. Can I assist you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel at 18:30 to the restaurant.|Your booking is completed. Your car type is a blue bmw and contact number is 07515734744. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using our system!
I need to find a swimming pool in the north.|There are 2 swimming pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Which one would you like more information on?
Kings Hedges sounds good, what postcode are they in? And do they have an entrance fee?|Kings Hedges Learner Pool is in postcode cb42xh. Their entrance fee is a bit of a mystery, however, I don't have any firm numbers. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need some information about a restaurant called pizza express.|Certainly! What information specifically are you looking for?
I'd like to know if I can book a reservation for 7 people at 18:00 monday.|Were you looking for a booking at Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?  They are both in the centre of town.
Either one will work, I just need to book for 7 people at 18:00 on monday?|The booking was not successful. Would you like to try another day/time?
How about 17:00?|I've got you booked at 17:00 for 7 at Pizza Express.
Great I also need a taxi that will get me from the pool to the restaurant by 17:00.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, please contact 07360365370. Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
i want to do things around town.|Sure, what did you have in mind?
I would like to find a college to visit.|Are you planning on visiting a particular part of town?
No, know of an interesting one?|We're a very academic city and have 18 colleges in our community. There is St. John's College in the city center. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. Can I get their phone number and the entrance fee?|Let me go ahead and look that up for you.
Okay, thanks.|Their phone number is 01223338600 and the entrance fee is 2.50
Thanks so much. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|absolutely. would you like a hotel or guesthouse? and in what area would you like?
I want a hotel with free wifi. I don't care about free parking or a specific area.|Will you need parking?
No, I won't have a car, so parking isn't important.|I have 9 hotels available.  Do you have a preference for price range or star rating?
I would prefer a 4 star hotel please.|Okay. How about the university arms hotel? It meets your criteria and is also located in the city centre so you won't have to travel far to the attraction
Yes, can you book it for 8 people with 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Your reservation for 4 at the University Arms Hotel this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : HUVQF1WY. Anything else I can help you with
I'm going to need a taxi from the college back to the hotel as well.|Ok. I will need to know either the time you want to leave the college or the time you want to arrive back at the hotel.
I want to leave the college by 24:00, and can I get the contact number and car type please so I don't get in the wrong car?|Your taxi is booked. Be on the look-out for a blue Tesla. The contact numbers is 07533928216.
Since you booked the taxi yourself, is there anything else I can do for you?|Yes, it seems our roles have been mixed up.  I think everything has been satisfied.  Thanks for all the help and customer service :)
I need to find a Chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the north. Can you help?|I'm here to help!  There are 2 expensive restaurants and 1 moderate price.  Do you have a preference?
Nah, just book me a table at your favorite! I need it at 12:45 on Thursday. Table for 6, please.|You are all booked at Hakka, located on Milton Road in Chesterton.  Great place. Your reference number is 76N3GIHO and the table will be held for 15 minutes.
I also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi.|Ashley hotel offers parking and wifi and is within moderate pricing range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Is it a guesthouse or a hotel?|Were you looking for a hotel with a guesthouse?
I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on thursday.|I have 2 hotels that are available. Would you like to book one?
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 2 nights, I need the confirmation # too please|You're booked at Ashley Hotel! Your reference number is SPSKXM90.
Thank you! I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant.|Sure! Do you have a time preference?
I want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,12:45.|Ok! I booked that for you! Your car will be a red volvo. The contact number is 07919056928. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be all. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further service.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 21:15 and should depart from backstreet bistro.|Where is the destination?
I want to go to the cambridge punter.|Your booking is completed. A yellow Toyota will pick you up at 21:15. The contact number is 07441929231. Can I help you with anything else today?
thats is it for today, thanks|It was a pleasure to assist, goodbye
I need some information on a place to eat call the nirala.|The nirala is an indian restaurant in the north side in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can book it for you but first I will need to know what day and time you need in addition to how many will be in your party.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 1 for 13:30 on Monday?|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is 2X07EN14.
Thank you my table has been reserved and my number is 2X)7EN14.|Is that all that you will be needing today?
I also need a 4-star place to stay in the west, and it needs to have free parking.|There are 3 options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No, no preference.|Did you have a preference between cheap and expensive?
I do not care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Your reservation for 1 at the cambridge belfry this monday for 3 days 2 nights was successful.Your Reference number is: K7N43WRV Is there anything else I can help you with
I now need a taxi for the 2 places|Sure! Where are you going to first and from where please?
I'm going to the nirala restaurant from the hotel|Ok, I am getting the info up now, what time would you like to be there by?
I have to make it there before 13:30.|You are booked in a blue audi.  The contact number is 07195096632.
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need at this time.|alright, enjoy your day.
I need a hotel with free wifi but I don't need free parking.|There are over 30 to choose from. Is there a certain part of town you prefer?
I'm looking for one that is moderately priced and don't have a preference on where exactly it is.|The Ashley hotel is the North and is priced at moderate.
Is it available for 4 nights starting from Sunday for 6 people?|Unfortunately, the hotel is not available for your criteria. How about checking another hotel?
could you try the same one, three nights only?|I was able to book that, reference number is 49SWXAT1.
Thank you, I also need a place to eat in the centre of town.|Yes can we narrow it done by food type or price range?
I'm looking for Indian food, please.|I found quite a few options for you. Could I narrow it down by price range?
No, price does not matter. Right now I'd just like a recommendation.|The Curry Garden is a popular choice.
Let's go with that. What's the address?|The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp. Would you like to conduct more searches for other locations?
I'd actually like to book a taxi to commute between those two places you found for me. I need to leave the hotel by 09:15 please.|Sure!  I have booked a yellow BMW to pick you up at 09:15 from your hotel.  The contact number for the taxi is 07744629357.
Great! Thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Again thank you.|Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day.
thank you for your help goodbye|Thank you and good bye!
I'd like to find an attraction to visit. Something in the west.|Okay, what type of attraction would you like to see?
I would like to see a theater.|I don't show any listings for theaters in the west would you like to search for another attraction?
am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve south african food and should be in the moderate price range|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
How about one that serves South African food?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
no but how about one that serves british food.|The Saint Johns Chop House is moderately priced, serves British cuisine, as in the west part of town.  Shall I book this for you?
Yes, can you please book this for me?|How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address, please?|The address for Saint Johns Chop House is 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Yes I need an attraction in the west. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.|clare hall is a college with free admission. Their number is 01223332360.
I also need a south african restaurant.|I am sorry none are listed in that area, something else perhaps?
Is there a restaurant in the west that serves British food?|Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is available. Would you like to book a table?
Not at this time. Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode, please?|Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. You can reach them by phone at 01223353110. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all, thanks.|I am glad to have helped.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the south, can you give me information on my options.|there is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south it is cheap, yet a 4 star.
Is that a guesthouse? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse, I want to stay in a hotel please.|We don't have any cheap hotels on the south side. You'll have to look elsewhere.
Can you please look at a cheap guesthouse in the south side?|rosa's bed and breakfast	fits your description. can we reserve?
I would like to book it for 3 nights|I'd be happy to book it for you. What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|booking was successful, confirmation # is PHSEY43R, anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to eat, in the same price range as my hotel and preferably chinese food.|we have quite a few would you like to reserve a table
Not yet, can you find me one that is in the same area as the hotel?|I found a restaurant for you! The Lucky Star is a Chinese Restaurant in the south and also has a cheap price range.
That sounds great. Can i make a reservation for 4 people today at 19:15?|The reservation for 4 people at the lucky star this wednesday at 19:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NYGDCBFX.
thank you for helping|Is there anything else I may help with?
That is all I need, goodbye|Very well, thank you for using our services. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a cheap guesthouse that I can stay at?|Sure, I have 24 options for you!
I do need one with free parking, and it needs to be in the cheap price range, but those are my only requirements. Which one is your favorite?|Okay, my favorite is Autumn house in the east. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I would just like to know what the postcode is and whether or not they offer internet.|The post code is cb58rs and they do offer free wifi.
Excellent! I've also heard great things about the Tang Chinese restaurant. What can you tell me about them?|it is a chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has an expensive price range. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please book a table at Tang Chinese for 2 people at 17:30 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is O8SO1FUO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's it for now. Thanks very much for your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I need to book a taxi departing from clown's cafe that should arrive by 23:00.|And where do you need the taxi to take you?
I need to go to the hotpot.|Okay. I have a yellow BMW available. Would you like to book that?
Yes, may I also have the contact number for they yellow BMW?|Sure.  It is 07635951153.  Can I help you with a hotel room perhaps?
No, you've already helped me with all I need at this time. Thank you!|Sounds good, let me know if you need anything else.
Nope I'm done.|All right, if there's anything else you can think of, please contact the front desk again. Thank you and have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the moderate price range.|There are 21 places to dine at with moderate pricing, do you have a preference for cuisine type?
Yes I would like european food.|There are 2 to choose from.  They are both good, but I like the Galleria personally.  There are also a few that serve modern european food.
No, I'll try the Galleria. Can you book a table there for 2 at 15:30 on Tuesday, and please provide me with the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : T7QJ1WB2. Anything else you need?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that's in the same area as the restaurant with free parking.|I have 2 guesthouse and 2 hotels in the centre. Do you have a preference or a price range in mind today?
A 2 star would be good. I don't care about price range.|I'm sorry, we don't have any 2 star hotels or guest houses in that area.  Would you like to try something else?
How about guesthouses with 0 stars?|I have the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is cheap and in the centre of town. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes.  Please book for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|I apologize but I was unable to book the el shaddai for that day and stay duration.  Would you be willing to book starting another day or shortening your stay?
How about 1 day stay?|Your 1 day booking was successful. Your reference number is IHD90OCU. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|Booking completed. A red Toyota will pick you up and take you to the restaurant. Contact number for them is 07965351585. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot for all your help. Bye!|Okay, have a great day!
I  need to book a 12:15 taxi at Charlie Chan.|Of course. I just need to know your destination.
I will be going to cotto.|A black Audi will pick you up at Charlie Chan to leave at 12:15 and get you over to Cotto. Their contact # is: 07928872088
Thank you very much!|You're quite welcome. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That is all, thanks so much!|No problem at all.
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm looking for some local restaurants. I would like to find some located in the Centre and of moderate price.|We have a lot of locations to chose from. What type of food would you like?
Are there any restaurants that serve bistro food?|There are no bistro style places that meet your criteria, would you like another style of food perhaps?
how about italian?|Sure, there are two such restaurants. How about Pizza Express, at Regent Street City Centre? Would you like to book a table?
Yea! Please book a table for 2 people at 15:00 on Thursday.|That time is not available, would you like to book another day or time slot?
Can you try 14:00?|Yes I was able to make you a reservation at the pizza express on thursday at 14:00 for 2 people.  Your reference number is UN9ONONE.
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area of the restaurant|I have several options. Do you prefer a certain price range so that we can narrow down the options?
I don't really care about price range, but I'd like to have free parking.|The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive range but is located in the Centre.
Does it have free parking?|Yes it does! Shall I book that hotel for you?
Please. Book it for 2 people on thursday, for 3 days. I'll need the reference number for that as well.|Your Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : K9JGOOGY.
Can I also book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel? We want to make our dinner reservation.|I have you booked leaving at  13:45 and arriving at 14:00. Your car is a black audi.
That sounds great.  Can you provide the contact number for the taxi?|Certainly, the number is 07937202537. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thanks.|Thank you as well and have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a hotel tonight.|There are plenty of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or star rating you prefer?
I prefer three star and an expensive price range.|I'm sorry, but I could not find any three star hotels in the expensive price range.
Okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still expensive and has free wifi?|Our system glitched for some reason, Goonville Hotel located in Centre is a 3 star hotel with free wifi in the expensive price point. Would you like more information?
Please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Saturday.|There is a discounted rate if you stay another night. Would you like me to add another night?
No thanks, I do need the reference number though.  I would like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center though.|I found charlie chan for you and its nice.
OKay can I get the address?|The reference number for your hotel is E6HS30W7. The address for the restaurant is, Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your helP!|You are welcome, enjoy the stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Indian food. I would like a place in the expensive price range.|Curry garden is available, would you like to try that?
Is Curry Garden in the west? I kind of want something in that area.|No, there is Tandoori Palance on 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Phone 0122350655.
What part of town is Tandoori Palance located in?|That is located in the west. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also Interested in finding a college to visit in the west.  Can you help with that?|There are 5 colleges in that area. Three are free and two have an entrance fee. Clare Hall and Magdalene are free. Do those suit your needs?
Pick the best one and provide the address, number and postcode.|I recommend Clare Hall, a college in the west part of town. The phone number is 01223332360. The address is Herschel Rd, and postcode is cb39al.
I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college, can you find one for me?|Absolutely. What time would you like to it to pick you up?
I'll be leaving by 3:15.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Tesla. Their phone number in case you need it is 07950107979. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Can you recommend some cantonese food in Cambridge please?|Unfortunately it looks like we don't have any cantonese food.
That's a bummer. Thank you anyways.|welcome.if you can change the type of food we can find a nice place.
Would you happen to have one in the centre that serves spanish food?|I have the la tasce which is moderate priced and the la raza which is cheap. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to book at the la tasce for sunday.|I can help you with that. How many people in your party, and at what time?
There are 3 in my party. I would like to book for Sunday at 19:00 Can you make a reservation, please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 3X53NZ1B. anything else you could like to know?
Okay I'd like to find a museum to visit also.  Can you get me a nice place, along with the postcode, entrance fee and area it's in?|The cambridge and county folk museum is nice and the entry fee in 3.50 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, what area is it in? I'd also like to get the postcode.|It's in the west. The postcode is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the museaum and arrive at the restaurant by 19:00|I booked a taxi for you, it will be a grey audi
thanks for helping me. that is all i needed|Happy to help! Feel free to reach out again if you need anything else
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.|how about christ's college? it has free admission.
Where are they located?|It's located on saint andrew's street, in postcode cb23bu.
Would you happen to have the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the south and should be in the type of guesthouse.|There are three guesthouses to choose from in the south. Do you have a preference about price range or star rating?
How about a moderate price range and a star rating of three?|The bridge guesthouse meets that criteria, would you like me to book you or just give you some info?
Yes please.  Can I get that for 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday?|Sure! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IT4WKA6J. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi to commute. I need to leave the hotel by 15:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:blue BMW
Contact number	:07261500533     What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, That will be all.|I hope everything works out well.
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I want to book a taxi from cambridge artworks. I need to leave after 18:00.|Hello! Where is the destination?
I need to go to Lynne Strover Gallery, please.|You are set up to be picked up by a black Lexus.  Do you want the contact number?
Yes please give me the contact number|Of course. Contact number is 07620354027. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Bye!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I have a hotel that I really want to stay at today.|Can you tell me the name of the hotel please and then we can talk about booking a room?
It is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel|When will you be staying there?
I'm not sure. Do they have internet?|Yes, they have internet available.
What type of hotel is it? And what is the post code?|Its an expensive hotel.
Can I get the postcode please?|Okay, the postal code is: PE296FL. Can I assist with anything else?
I also would like to eat in the center of town.|There is a lot of restaurants in the town centre. What type of food are you looking for? What is your price range for the restaurant?
Don't really have a food preference but would prefer something expensive.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Are you sure you have no preference for food type?
None, it is my first time in the town and I like every food, I will go with what you recommend.|Okay. Well, I've heard great things about the Cambridge Chop House. It's a British restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday at 17:30?|Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number, CUZ69HSD.
Thanks, now can you book me a taxi? I want to be picked up from my hotel and taken to the restaurant by 17:30. Please give me car type/contact number|Your taxi has been booked. The car type is a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07594906784. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!|You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I'd like to visit a theatre.|There are 5 theaters in Cambridge most of which are in the centre of town. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I'll need postcodes as well.|The Junction is in the south, cb17gx. The other 4 are in centre. ADC theatre, cb58as. Cambridge Arts Theatre, cb23pj. Mumford Theatre, cb11pt. And The Cambridge Corn Exchange, cb23qe.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to dine that is in the centre and serves asian oriental?|Yes I have several. Do you have a price preference?
Yes, I'm looking for something inexpensive. Can you list those in the cheaper price range?|Yes, there are two options:  Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant.  Would you like to book one?
Let's try Dojo Noodle Bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30.|Ok, I have made a reservation at Dojo noodle bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30
Awesome. Could I have the reference number, please?|The booking was unsuccessful for that time, can we try another time that works for you?
Maybe fifteen minutes earlier?|No, I'm afraid it's still not available.  Would you like to try a new time?
Let's try 13:30 please.|That booking was successful. The reference number is 8MO0T711.
I will need to also book a taxi from to the restaurant.|I'm sorry, what is your destination and departure site?
I need to go from the theatre and arrive at the restaurant by 13:30. Could I get the contact number and vehicle type please?|Could you please tell me what theatre option you have chosen?
The Junction is the theater I chose.|Okay, I went ahead and booked that for you. You will be in a red volkswagen, and the contact number is 07277320157. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think you have covered it all.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian food restaurant?|the curry prince is nice. Do you want reservations ?
If it is in the west part of town, yes. If not can you suggest something else?|The Curry Prince isn't in the west part of town, but there's a moderately priced Indian restaurant called Meghna, would you like to make reservations there?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday.|I can definitely do that, how many people will be dining and at what time would you like?
3 people at 12:15 on thursday|You're all set. Your reference number is TZPHV671.
I am also going to need a place to stay - somewhere in the north, I think.|there are 5 guesthouses in the north ranging from 3 to 4 stars. do you need internet or parking?
I don't need parking, but I would like to make sure it is a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are 2 hotels in the north, Ashley hotel and lovell lodge.  Both are moderately priced, do you have a preference between them?
It doesn't matter.|Okay if you would like me to book the Ashley I would be happy to do so.
Yes 3 people, two nights on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VDE49MAL.
I also need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|where is your departure site?
I am departing from The Ashley.|Okay I booked a taxi for you. The car type is going to be a blue honda, and the contact number is 07061162285.
that will be it for today. thanks|You're welcome, have a great day.
I would like to book a taxi departing from Panahar.|Could you tell me when you would like to depart and when you would like to arrive?
Yes I'd need to arrive by 3:00 at cambridge arts theatre.|That booking has been completed.  Your reservation number is 07869081756 and you will be picked up by a blue audi. Can I help with anything else?
When should I expect it?|I can't tell the exact arrival time, but expect it a little before 3. It will get you to the theatre by 3.
Good, good, that'll be all. Thank You.|You're welcome, enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, Please give me a 3 star guesthouse hotel|Thank you, do you have a preference in area?
I need a hotel in the Cambridge area.|I have three 3-star guesthouse type hotels in Cambridge. They are in the south, north, and west areas. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference|How about hamilton lodge in the north?
i would like to book hamilton lodge for 7 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday|I'm sorry, it looks like there is no availability for those criteria, would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights?|Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Hamilton Lodge with reference number IKIEEZT3. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to eat. Can you find a moderately priced restaurant that serves Turkish food?|I have found two restaurants in the centre of town that serve turkish food. Would you like me to book a reservation at one of them?
Could you give me the phone number and address?|Did you want the anatolia or efes restaurant?
Would you provide me the phone number for the Anatolia restaurant please.|Anatolia's phone number is 01223362372.
Great! can you book me a car from the restaurant to the hotel?|Of course, is there a specific time you'd like to leave the restaurant, or a time you want to arrive at the hotel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 9:45.|I have confirmed your taxi leaving Anatolia at 9:45, a red volkswagen will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07212861287. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, no that is all I will need.|I hope I have been helpful, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.  Can you help me with some places to go?|Do you have any preferences in the attraction types?
No, but I want it to be located in the south.|Might I suggest The Place nightclub?
That sounds good. Give me the phone and postcode please.  I'm also looking for expensive european food.  Can you make some suggestions?|The Place is at 22 Sidney Street cb23hg. 01223324600 is their phone number. That place is poppin'. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book a reservation for me?|I'm sorry they don't take reservations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alright how about a place to dine. I'd like an expensive European restaurant.|There are 5 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at 13:00 at thursday?|Booking for Eraina European restaurant has been completed. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number 50SV3WDZ. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from The Place to the Eraina restaurant by 13:00?|i got you a grey audi that will pick you up.
May I please get the drivers contact number?|Contact number is 07648143241.
All set.  Thanks.|You're welcome, and have a great day!
Hiya, I need a taxi to get me to la margherita.|Not a problem.  Can you please let me know where you will be picked up and what time you would like to leave or arrive?
jesus green outdoor pool  and i want to leave after 23:00|Your taxi ride has been booked. You'll be picked up by a blue toyota and the contact number is 07733585413.
Wonderful, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That'll be it.|Have a nice day!
Need a hotel up north with free parking.|The Ashley Hotel is nice.  It also has free internet.  Can I get any further details for you?
Yes I need free parking and cheap reservation|unfortunately we dont have one that fits the  criteria, can you change a the location,?
Do you have anything cheap, in the north with free parking?|I have checked your criteria again and unfortunately we have nothing that meets those specifications. Can I look for a different hotel for you?
How about a restaurant. Can you recommend a Vietnamese place in the north that is cheap?|I'm sorry I am unable to find a Vietnamese restaurant in the north area that meets your criteria. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
I'm sorry, I really do need a Vietnamese restaurant. Would you mind checking again?|There is a Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town.
As long as it's cheap, I don't care about the area. Can you book a table for 4 at 11:45 on Thursday?|Your table has been booked. Reference number is LEKNI48K. Anything else today?
I am also going to need a taxi.|Where are you wanting to depart from and go to?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and go to the restaurant in time for the reservations.|I'm sorry, what is the name of the restaurant you'll be dining at, and I don't see the hotel you chose either?
Please reread the rest of the conversation! It's not hard to keep up! The hotel is the Ashley hotel. You didnt give me the name of the restaurant|I am so sorry. The restaurant is Thanh Binh. I will work on your taxi reservations.
Okay, I am kind of in a hurry.|your car is a grey skoda phone number 07944928572 any other questions?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Okay, have a wonderful visit to Cambridge!
i need a 4 star place to stay which should include free wifi.|Okay, and what is your price range?
I need some place cheap. Thanks|I have many options for you. What part of town do you want to stay in?
I don't care, book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday|I have you booked for the Autumn house, the reference number is ACW41WKC, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also want info on concert halls in the south.|I am sorry but there is only one concerthall which is in the centre. Do you want the contact information or do you want a different type of attraction?
Let's try a cinema in the south instead then|What about Cineworld Cinema? Would you like more information?
Yes, please tell me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee.|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, the postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 00872208000.
I need a taxi. I want to leave the cinema at 13:30 and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info|You will be picked up by a blue Honda and the contact number is 07712234271.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
Hi, I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.|Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to see architecture and need the area, address and entrance fee.|How about old schools? It is located in the centre area.
Great. Let me get the address and entrance fee please. I see it's in the centre.|Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane and there is no entrance fee. It is completely free. Do you need help with anything else today?
I'm looking for someplace in the center to stay as well|I have 5 locations in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Anything with a 0 star rating? I want a super trashy place|Well, we have two options that meet your needs. El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse and Cityroomz is a moderately-priced hotel. Both in the Centre. Would you like more information?
Does it have free parking?|Both offer free internet. El Shaddai also offers free parking. Cityroomz unfortunately does not offer parking.
Okay, let me book El Shaddai for 5 night starting Sunday for 4 people.|It's all booked for you.  Your reference number is TRQIT249.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me too?|I would be happy to book a taxi for you.  Can you tell me when you will need it and your departure and destination address.
I will need to leave the attraction by 14:00.|Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is :07141789693.  Do you need anything else today?
Great thank you! That will be all!|Have a great day!
I need a taxi today arriving at 21:00.|I need a little more information.  Where are you leaving from?
Oh I'm sorry - I need to be picked up at the whipple museum of the history of science.|What is your destination?
I want to go to restaurant two two.|And do you want to be picked up from whipple museum at 2100 or get to restaurant two two at 2100?
I'd like to arrive at Restaurant Two Two by 21:00 please.|Great I have you booked in a grey lexus and the contact number is 07398176919.
Great thanks! That's all I need.|Glad I could help. Let us know if there's ever anything else we can help you with.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the moderate price range with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels that are moderately priced with free wifi.  Ashley hotel or Lovell Lodge in the North and CityRoomz in the centre.
I would prefer a 4 star hotel, are any of those three rated 4 stars?|They are not. Would you like me to look for hotels in a certain area?
I would like to stay in the centre part of town.|I am sorry but there are no hotels in the center of town matching your request. Would you like try a different part of town, price range, or star rating.
Can you check the north part of town?|I have seven places in the north. Would you like me to book one?
Can you let me know if one of them has free parking, the hotel type of it, and the postcode?|There are six entries that fit your criteria in the nborth area, any other preferences?
Which one would you recommend?|How about the ashley hotel? Moderately priced and located in the north.
Sounds good! I also need to find a college in town. Can you help?|Sure! There are 18, any specific area?
I would prefer the same area as the hotel.|I'm sorry, there are none in the North, would you like to try a different area?
Sure, I'd like to explore other areas of town. Any recommendations?|How does Christ's College sound? It's in the city centre and is free to visit.
Thanks! Can I have the address and phone number please?|The phone number is 01223334900 and the address is  saint Andrews street.
Thank you!  One last thing:  I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, please.|What time do you want that trip to be?
I'm going to leave the hotel by 19:15.|Excellent, I have booked you a blue honda for 19:15. The contact number is 07956367561. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That was all I  needed. Goodbye.|I'm happy to have helped, good day.
I am looking for information for Warkworth House.|Certainly. The Warkworth House is a 4 star, moderately priced guesthouse located in the east area. The address is Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee. The phone number is 01223363682.
Thank you. Does this guesthouse provide internet?|Yes, would you like me to book a stay for you today?
Right now I am just gathering information. What is it's price range, star of the hotel, and also is internet available?|It is moderately priced, 4 stars, and internet is available.
I'd also love to go to a swimming pool. Can you find me one?|In the same area, you'll find the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Patch.
Oh thank you for that information.  Are they reasonable?|Unfortunately I do not know the price. You can call them at 01223902088 for more information.
Okay, and what is the address and phone number for the Abbey Pool?|The phone number is 01223902088 and the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'd like you to book me a taxi from the Warkworth House to Abbey pool please.  I need to leave the hotel by 8:30.|I have a red ford contract number: 07657516003.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all. Thank you!|Great! Have a nice day! Goodbye!
What time of entertainment places are there in the center of town?|There are nightclubs and there are theatres.
Are there any swimming pools near by?|There is parkside pools at gonville place cb11ly in the centre.
Great, I'm assuming cb11ly is the postcode, may I also have the phone number there.|Yes the phone number is 01223446100
Thank you I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range.|There are 21 options, the first one is the yippee noodle bar located at 40428 King Street, City Centre. Will this work?
How about someplace with european food?|There are 4 restaurants located in the centre area serving European cuisine. Two are listed as serving modern European food. Would you like more information?
Could you recommend one for me, and give me the phone number and postcode?|I recommend Galleria, at 33 Bridge Street, cb21uw. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, thank you.  Can you arrange a taxi for me to get there by 13:30?|Sure, I can do that. Where will you be departing?
I don't care about that right now.|I'm sorry, but I will need to know the departure site to be able to book this. From where will you be departing?
We will be leaving from the south side.|Where on the south side will you be leaving from so I can send the taxi to the correct location?
gonville place is from where I'll be departing|What is your departure time?
I need to leave the restaurant by 13:30 please.|Okay I was able to secure you a grey Toyota that will make sure you arrive by 13:30 and their contact number is 07542624633.
Great! That is all I need.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met then?
Yes that's all. thanks for the help!|Great! Have a good day, goodbye.
I'd like a place to say that is a guesthouse type, and includes free wifi.|There are many matches to your request. Do you have a preference in area or star rating?
I have no preference for area but I am looking for something with a 4 star rating and moderately priced.|I have 11 guesthouse hotels fitting this criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I would prefer a 4 star guesthouse please and I'll need the area and address please.|There are 11 matches that fit your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
No, no other preferences. What would you recommend?|I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north.  The address is 154 Chesterton Road.  Would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer something a little more south.|Aylesbray lodge guest house matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Ok, can you send me the address and area of Aylesbray lodge?  I am also looking for a restaurant called royal spice.|Aylesbray Lodge is in the south part of town and the address is 5 mowbray road.
I'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at 19:45 Tuesday.|The booking was successful and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EQ2EWQ22.
Can I book a taxi from Acorn Guest House to Aylesbray Lodge? It needs to get there by 19:45 Tuesday.|I was able to book your taxi. You will be in a White Skoda. If you need to contact them, the number is 07145741426. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Please let me know if I can be of any other assistance.  Enjoy your visit.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should depart from broxbourne train station|Where would you like to go?
I need to leave by 20:15 and am headed to city stop restaurant.|I have booked you a blue BMW for a 20:15 pickup. The contact number is 07753733237. Can I help you with anything else today?
.
Thank you. I am all set. Have a great day.|Have a good stay. Good bye.
Please find a restaurant called Galleria.|galleria serves european food in the centre. It is of moderate price. Would you like a phone number or the address?
I think it would be great to try European food. Do you think they would accept a reservation for a party of 7?|Yes! Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 7 people at 16:45 on Monday. I need a reference number. I need a taxi to commute also a place to visit as well as car type|Your table at Galleria is reserved, and your reference number is XM58B7FS. Now, let's see about your other needs - what type of place would you like to visit?
I'm also looking for a college to visit in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. The entrance fees are free or 2.50 pounds. Do you have a preference?
pick one that is free and give me the address and phone number|magdalene college is on magdalene street, and their number is 01223332138. What else can I help with?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the college to the restaurant by 16:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black honda
Contact number	:	07095717275
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|Okay, you are welcome and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like to go to a mutiple sports attraction in the north.|I'm really sorry about this but my computer doesn't show any sports attractions in the north at this time. Would you like me to do another search?
Could you try a swimming pool instead?|We have two swimmingpools. I recommend Kings Hedges Learner Pool found at 	jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Cool, what's their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353248. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.|There are many options for Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?  Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate, and close to the pool, please.|I am showing 4 chinese restaurants. 3 in the centre area and one in the north. Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for something in the north near the pool.|Okay I have one in the north called the Golden Wok. would you like their address or phone number?
Yes, that will work thank you,|Ok! Their address is 191 Histon Road, Chesterton and the phone number is 01223350688.
Can you book me a table for 6 people at 18:45 on Saturday?|I have made your reservations and your reference number is GNC4U1ZN.
I'll also need a taxi. I want to go from the pool to the restaurant and get there in time for that reservation.|Ok, I've got you a taxi. It will be a red volkswagen, contact number	:	07542576951. Can I help with anythign else today?
that is it for today.  thanks for helping|thanks for using our services. good day
I need a place to stay in the north area.|What is your price range?  What type of hotel are you looking for? Will you need internet?
The hotel should be in a moderate price range.|We have nine guesthouses and two hotels in the north with moderate price ranges.
I would like one with 2 stars and free parking.|There are 2 hotels, the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you are searching for. Would you like more information or to book one of these?
Please book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I've booked you a room at Ashley Hotel for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Friday. Your reference number is 5YAY9T1K. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like information on jesus college|Yes sure Jesus College is located on Jesus Lane in the city's center and is free to enter. Their telephone number is 01223339485.
Thank you for the information. That's what I needed to know.|Do you need any further help with booking?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the college that leaves the hotel by 08:45|What time do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:00 please.|I have booked a taxi that can take you there at that time. It is a black toyota. The contact number is 07886371785. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank is all. Goodbye|Have a great evening.
I'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called Bridge Guest House. Do you know where this place is at?|yes it is located in 151 hills road. anything else?
Yes I would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from Thursday and would like a reference number after doing so.|I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is S770N2F9. What kinds of restaurants are you hoping to try?
I would like chinese food please?|I found several all over town. I can narrow the options down based on what part of town you prefer.
I would like to be in the centre|I have 10 restaurants available.  What price range would you prefer?
A cheap place please.|how about charlie chan? sounds lovely.
that sounds good to me. i want you to book it for me|Okay. I need to know the day, time, and number of people you would like to book a reservation for?
I need the reservation for 6 people at 14:00 please.|What day would you like the restaurant for please?
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on thursday, please.|I have made your reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Thursday for Charlie Chan. Your reference number is 3QUDNYHJ. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before 14:00.|Okay. I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07801886354
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
Hi, I'm looking for a theatre in town.|I have several theatres in town; most are in the center and there's one on the south side. Do you have a preference?
Not particularly. Which do you recommend? If you can provide an address, and info on entrance fees for your favorite, that would be great, thanks.|There is a nice theatre in the centre called Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. There are no entrance fee's listed. Would you like the phone number?
That's all, I also need some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house.|What would you like to know?
I just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting wednesday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Can I book it for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about trying the booking for 2 nights instead?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is VEKFOWW6. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the Mumford Theatre.|Certainly.  When do you want to leave by?  Thanks.
I want to leave the hotel by 23:45, please. I will need the contact number and car type as well.|Look for a red skoda at 23:45. Contact number is 07203451236
Thank you. That's all I needed today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the moderate price range.|Would you like a table at Cotto?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for Cotto? Thanks|Sure! The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell what attractions are near the restaurant?|There are 44 attractions in the centre of town.  Do you have particular type of attraction in mind?
No, what do you recommend?|The old schools is wonderful located at trinity lane.
What is the entrance fee and phone number?|They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also want a taxi two go between those two places.|Ok, will you be leaving from the restaurant or the college? And what time of day would you like this booking to be?
I want to leave the college by 07:00 so please go ahead and book that taxi for me|I was able to book your taxi.  It is a white Tesla and the contact number is 07335673174. Is there anything else you need today?
that is all i needed. i appreciate your help alot|I'm glad I was able to help you today. Hope you have a great day.
Are there any swimming pools that I can go to in Cambridge?|Yes, there are several did you have a specific area in mind?
No. I would just like you to recommend one and give me the area, number and how much it cost to get in.|I can't help you with the cost, you would have to call about that.  I recommend Parkside Pools in the centre.  You can call them at 01223446100.
Can you call them for me please? You are supposed to be customer service?|We can book hotels, restaurants, trains, and taxis for you and provide information about places, but we do not actually call attractions them for you ourselves.
i'm looking for a place to stay|What area of town would you like to stay? What price range?
I am looking for a 4 star hotel in the Centre. Internet is not necessary but I will accept one that has it.|I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive and in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|SI booked you at the university arms hotel. Your reservation is POY0JCRA on Thursday.
Thanks! That is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help finding a place to stay.|Certainly, do you have any special requests or preferences?
I would love a guesthouse but I do need wifi. Do you have any like that?|We have 23 Guesthouses that have free wifi, is there a particular area you want to stay in?
No the area doesn't matter, and I know this sounds strange but I'm looking for a guesthouse with a 1 star rating.|Those are all booked for the year due to events is a hotel okay?
Could you possible check in the surrounding areas? I might as well also get a list of 2 star rated hotels. Do you mind?|I have 3 hotels that have a 2 star rating.  Two are located in the north and one in the east, do you have a preference of area?
Okay, how about the one in the est please?|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is the one in the east. Do you need any info on it?
Yes I would like to book it for 4 nights for 1 person from Saturday.|Okay, I will work on booking this for you and be right back with you.
May i get the reference number?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is HF0MER2O.
Great thanks I also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 05:00|OK, where are we taking the taxi to?  Did we also need to book a restaurant or find an attraction?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00. Going to the attraction.|First we need to find you a attraction then we could book your taxi I think.
somewhere in the south, sorry need the phone # and admission fee|The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park and theatre. Which do you prefer?
Can you make a recommendation?|I would recommend tenpin, which is an entertainment venue in the south. It's a lot of fun.
Great, can I have the phone number and reference fee.|Just so I can get you the right information, are you interested in Byard art or tenpin?
Please send info on tenpin. Thanks for the help.|Unfortunately I don't have any information about their entrance fee but if you call them at 08715501010, they'll tell you. Will that be all today?
Thank you for the help. That's all for now.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Where is a good cheap Singaporean place to eat?|My system isn't showing anything, do you have a particular name or any alternative type restaurants you would like me to try?
Is there anything that is cheap, and in the south that could serve Singaporean food?|Sorry there is not restaurant matching your request available. Would you like to select a different food type to see what we can find?
Yes, can you find me a cheap place to eat serving chinese food?|The Lucky Star is cheap and serves Chinese food.
That'll be great. Can I get the phone number, address, and postcode to that please?|The phone number is 01223244277, address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and postcode is cb17dy.
I also am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There are a total of 21 hotels in cambridge with a 4 star rating. Would you prefer a certain price range or location?
I am looking for a cheap place in the south.|There are no hotels meeting those criteria in the south however Rosa's Bed and Breakfast guesthouse with 4 stars priced cheap is available.
OK, a guesthouse will be fine.|Great! What day would you like to book? Anything else you want to share?
I don't wish to book. Can I just get the postcode and phone number?|The phone number for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi to bring me between the two? I am wanting to leave the hotel by 16:45. Also can I have the contact number and car type?|I was able to book that for you. The car type is a White Honda and the contact number is 07321469386. Is there anything else I can help with?
Great thank you that's all that I needed today.|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm looking for information in Cambridge......Oh, I should tell you what I'm looking for!  How silly of me!   Can you please give me some information on cineworld cinema?|sure thing it is located in the south I cannot disclose any admission fee's though I am sorry
What is the postcode?|The postcode for Cineworld Cinema is CB17DY. Is there anything else you want to know?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the north, just a 0 star hotel is fine.|Well, city centre north b and b should meet your standards, shall I book you?
Does it have free wifi and free parking?|Yes, this hotel provides both of those amenities. Would you like to book a room with me now?
Yes, that would be great, thank you.  I need it for 5 nights starting Sunday, and for 6 people.|Ok, your reservation has been made! Reference number IRIC8LC3. Can I be of any further help?
That's everything I need.|Great. I am happy to hear that. Message me if you need any more assistance.
I also need a taxi.  Can you help with that?|Certainly. What side of town will you be leaving from?
Well I'll be leaving from the cineworld cinema traveling to the city centre north b and b hotel you've just booked for me.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the hotel by 21:15 to get to cineworld cinema, please.|Would you like me to book the taxi for you?
Yes that would be great and I need a reference number and number of taxi|The car type of your taxi is a yellow honda anf its contact number is 07342405869.
thank you so much for helping|You're welcome!  Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|I have two that fit that description, would you prefer Chinese or Portuguese?
Either one. I just need it to be open on Sunday.|Okay, lets do the Lucky Star. Would you like a reservation?
I would like that. A table for 8 at 12:00.|I have booked a table for 8 at the Lucky Star. The reference number is IILATPJI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It should have free parking.|The acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for the same group of people, 2 nights, and starting on the same day.|Your hotel reservation number is D6UOJ6SH, for Sunday, 8 people for two nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i dont think so. i think thats all. take care. bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a place called Cherry Hinton Water Play|It's located on 	cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also need their postcode.|the postcode is cb18dw
I'm also looking for a restaurant. Do you have anything cheap that serves Indian food?|Yes, we have cheap Indian restaurants in both the centre and northern parts of town. Do you have any preferences?
Can you suggest one thats in the north? I would just need the name and address please. Thanks.|How does royal spice sound? They're on Victoria Avenue in Chesterton.
I would need a taxi to travel to cherry hinton water play from the restaurant.|What time do you need that taxi?
I want to leave royal spice by 11:45 please|A blue tesla will pick you at 11:45 from royal spice. There contact number is 07346133095. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 05:45 and should depart from the missing sock.|What is the destination you are trying to get to?
I would like to go to great saint mary's church.|I booked you a black bmw at with a contact number of 07939407760.  Is there anything else?
No that was it. Thank you very much!|I'm glad we could help. Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.
I need to book a taxi from Kings college to Pizza express Fen Ditton sometime after 17:15. I need the car type and contact number please.|Okay, I have successfully booked the taxi for you. It is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07607911761.
Thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure to assist you! Goodbye!
I am wanting to find an attraction called The Place. Can you help me?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town located at 22 Sidney Street. Is there anything else you need?
Can you give me the postcode please?|The postcode is cb23hg, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a restaurant.|What sort of food would you like?
I'm in the mood for some Modern European food|I would suggest the river bar steakhouse and grill
Great, is it moderately priced?|It is in the cheap price range.  Would you prefer moderate price?
I would prefer moderate price range please.|there is no restaurant fitting your description. can we change the cuisine.
Can you double check for modern european food, centre area, and in the moderate price range?|riverside brasserie would suit those needs.
Sounds tasty. Can you get me a reservation for Saturday?|Your reservation for 1 on Saturday was successful. Reference number: LXQWW69Y
Thank you.  I will also need a taxi to get form the attraction to the restaurant by 13:15.|Please look for a yellow Tesla.  Your contact number is: 07159979222.  What else can I assist you with today?
That is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay.|You're in luck, we have lots of places you can stay at! Do you have an area preference or a price range that you want to stick to?
I'd like to stick to the cheap price range please in the Centre.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is a cheap 4 star in centre.
Does it have a star rating of 4?|yes, it has a four star rating.
Awesome, please book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday|How many people are in your party?
Just one.|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : PV4MAEDL. is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east. What ever you recommend. I need the postcode and address as well.|I would suggest curry prince. Address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postcode cb58jj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
that will be fine. i also want a taxi to commute between the to places.|What are your departure and arrival sites and times?
it should leave the restaurant by 14;00|For how many, and when would you like to arrive?
Also please provide me with contact number and car type.|Booking was successful! Your car is a white ford and you can contact them at 97556660882 should you need to.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Okay have a great day and a great trip!
I'm looking for a park.|sure there are five parks in town
Could I get the address and phone number for one please?|Sure, the Milton Country Park is located at milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Post code is cb46az.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in, preferably something 0 stars.|I have 3 choices for you. Two are guesthouses and I have 1 hotel. The guesthouses are cheap and the hotel is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I prefer something in the cheap price range.|The city centre north b and b is a 0 star, cheap guesthouse in centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Let me think about it.|thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
I am looking for a place to eat in Cambridge thats is indian with moderate pricing|I have four Indian restaurants in the area. Two in the east, one in the west and one in the north. Do you have a preference as to what area?
No, I don't care about that.|Okay. Would you like to go to Curry Prince, The Nirala, Meghna, or Rajmahal?
I have no idea. Which one is your favorite?|I would choose the curry prince. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 2 on Sunday at 19:45. You'll need to give me the reference number. I'm also looking for a nightclub in the center of town.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CTV9SXGD. There are several night clubs in the centre. club salsa is great!
I need a cab to arrive by the booked time, can I also get the contact # and car type too please|Would you like to leave from your hotel?
I don't really care as long as I get to the restaurant by 19:45|Can you please give me the name of your hotel?
I do not have it right now.|Sorry, I'm a little confused. There was no mention of hotel. Where would you like to go?
Can I get club salsas phone number and address? I would like the taxi from the club to the restaurant|The salsa is at 1 station road. I can work on the taxi in just one second.
Great. I would like a taxi from club salsa to the restaurant. I want to arrive by my reservation time.|i have booked  Black honda with contact 07157896056
I think that will be all.  Thanks so much for your help!|you are welcome and thanks
have yourself a great day|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! I hope you have a wonderful visit!
I need help finding a hotel that has free wifi and parking, can you help?|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are moderately priced hotels, and the Express by Holiday Cambridge, Gonville Hotel, and Huntingdon Marriot are more expensively priced. All have parking and wifi.
Actually, are any of these 4 star rated?|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a four star hotel.
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday?  There are 7 of us.|Yes I have done so and your reference number is U2UTF524.
I'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the centre and in the expensive range.|The bedouin features african cusine and is located in the centre in the	expensive range.
Is there anything that serves Turkish food?|Yes there is the meze bar restaurant would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the phone number.|I'm sorry, but Meze Bar Restaurant's phone number is not listed.
I need a taxi  from Huntingdon Marriott Hotel to Meze Bar Restaurant|What time do you want to leave the hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need to leave the restaurant by 13:00. I will also need the contact number and car type of the taxi.|Sure thing. A yellow Honda will be outside waiting for you. The driver's contact number is 07929295523. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a taxi to take me today to camboats|Okay, where is your departure site?
kings hedges learner pool|Great. and now I will just need a time from you please
I want to arrive by 02:45.|I have booked you a blue audi with contact number 07255776269.
Fabulous. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!|Can I do anything else for you today?
I'm planning a trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with that?|Okay, what is the price range and what area would you like to stay in?
I am looking for something in the cheap price range in the centre of town.|There is alexander bed and breakfast it's a 4 star guesthouse that's in your price range. Would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Can you please book it? I'd like to stay for five nights beginning on Saturday. It's just me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : US44VVX2.
Great thanks for all your assistance!|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm also looking for information on an attraction called nusha.|Yes, Nusha is entertainment in the south. I do not know the entrance fee, but the phone # is 01223902158.
What is the address?|they are at unit g6 cambridge leisure park, clifton road, anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two.  I want to leave Nusha by 03:00.  Can you book and get me the contact and car type?|I have you in a Blue Lexus. Contact them at 07671538206. What else may I do for you?
Could you verify for me that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast has free wifi and free parking? If not, I'll need to change my reservation.|It does! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the information I need today.|Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Good bye.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant. I would prefer an expensive restaurant in the west of the city.|We offer 9 such places.
Is there a British one available?|Great choice!  I have two.  Graffiti and travellers rest.  Would you like me to book one of these?
I am looking for some rest as a traveler so I choose travellers rest. There will be four of us for Saturday at 11:00. Please book.|I'm sorry, it seems they are unable to accommodate you at that day and time. Would you like me to try another?
Can you try for 10:00 please?|A table is reserved for 10:00. Your reference number is TX8BTBJT. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a college to visit.|What area is this college in? Do you know the name of it?
Is there a college on the west side of town by the restaurant travellers rest?  I will need the college's address and phone number, too.|How about Queen's College? It is on the west side of town. The phone number is 01223335511 and address is Silver Street.
Yes! I would also like to book a taxi.|I can certainly help you with that! Where would you like to be picked up and dropped off, and at what time?
I would like to be picked up at Queen's College on Silver street and taken to Traveler's West. I want to make the reservation on time.|Okay, I've got a grey skoda booked for you.
Could you provide a contact number? Thanks!|The contact number is 07334374879. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that is all I needed thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some info on an attraction called king's college.|Kings college is free and located in the centre of town.
Excellent.  Thank you for your assistance!|You're very welcome. Will that be all?
I would like to find a place to stay with a 2 star rating and free parking.|There are 3 hotels with a 2 star rating. Two in the North and one in the East. Would you like more information on one of them?
I would like the east please.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the expensive price range?|It is. Would you like a room?
Not at  this time but what is their address and postcode?|The address at express by holiday inn cambridge	is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Their postcode is cb13lh. Anything else I can do for you?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|How many people will be traveling?
I need to leave the attraction by 03:00.|OK, I have a blue audi coming to get you at King's college at 03:00 to take you back to the express by holiday inn cambridge. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge soon.  I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I could use some help with restaurants though.|Okay I can help with that. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant.|Thanks for the information. What area should the restaurant be in?
It should be in the west.|The India House is located on the West side and offers a wide range of fine diners.
Great.  Could I book a table for 6 people on Sunday at 11:00?|You're all set for sunday at 11:00 for six.  The reference number is 111YXDK3.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also wondering if you can help me find an entertainment place in the west as well.|There is a place called Whale of a Time.  The phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was also interested in booking a taxi.  Could you help me with that?|Sure, what time you would like to leave by?
Doesn't matter, as long as I leave Whale of a Time and get to India House before my reservation at 11:00.|I have booked you a taxi to arrive at the India House by 11:00.  The car driven will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07207500599.
Ok, that's all I need, thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a specific hotel in Cambridge.|There are 33 hotels in cambridge.  Do you know the name?
Yes it is the carolina bed and breakfast.|Yes, I have located it.  It is as 138 Perne Road.  The phone number is 01223247015.  Can I further assist you?
I am also looking to go to a concerthall.|There's one called the man on the moon in the centre. I'm not sure if they charge an entrance fee or not but I can get you their phone number
Oh, before I forget. Can I ask for the star rating on Carolina B&B? And yes, can I get both the address and phone number for the concert hall please?|The carolina B&B is 4 star, and the man on the moon is at 2 norfolk street, 01223474144. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can we book a taxi to get between those? I'll want to leave the hotel by 09:45.|Okay, I have Red Skoda booked to pick you up from the hotel and take you to the concert hall. The contact number is 07462131215.
Thanks, I think that is all I need.|Awesome, glad to help you, have a great day.
I certainly will. Thank you, again. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Please contact us again if you need additional assistance. Goodbye.
I need a taxi to take me to rajmahal.|Where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from gallery at twelve a high street.|And when would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 3:45.|I have you booked in a grey audi.
Thank you, can you give me the contact number please?|Contact number is 07270553802
Thank you for your help.|You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's it. Thank you so much!|It was my pleasure. Have a nice day.
I'd like to visit a museum.  What do you have in town within walking distance?|Which side of town will you be on?
Any area is fine.|Cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west area, it has free entrance. Would you like the address or phone number for it?
Sounds good . please get me their phone number , postcode and area.|The number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. It is in the west end of town and the postcode is cb30af.
Thank you.  I also need a hotel with a 4 star rating in the expensive price range.|I have Huntington Marriott Hotel in the west, 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
I need to make reservations for 6 people and 2 nights from sunday.|just to verify, do you want the hotel for tuesday night? or for sunday and staying for two night?
I'm sorry, starting from Sunday for 2 nights, 6 people. If that fails try one night and provide the reference number.|I have been successful in this and your reference number is 7YAVA5YB.
Thank you. Now can you help me book a taxi to go from the hotel to the attraction? I'd like to leave the hotel by 8:45|Your taxi is all set! You will be picked up in a grey toyota and their contact number is 07189428446.
Great, thanks so much for all of your help today.  That is everything. Bye.|Glad I could assist you today. Enjoy your day.
What is the best french expensive restaurant in town?|There are two located in town. The Restaurant Two Two, which is in the north, and the Cote, which is located in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
I'd like to eat at the one that's in the north.|Okay, that's Restaurant Two Two, located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax. May I help you book a table?
What is the phone number for the restaurant?|They can be reached at 01223351880. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|It is located at 53 roseford rd in the south area, rated 4 stars, they have internet and parking.  The phone number is 01223512596.
Thank you for that information. Sounds like a good place.|Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Hmm, no thank you. I will need a taxi though, can you help me with that?|Where are you traveling to and from?
It's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 4:45. Can you tell me what type of car and contact number?|I've booked your taxi! A yellow Tesla will pick you up at the restaurant at 4:45, and the contact number is 07207525802.
Great! Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No, that is it. Thanks. Bye.|Alright! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north side?|There are 5 available. Do you want to specify a food type?
Yes, are there any that serve persian food? I would also like a phone number.|None of them serve persian food. Would you like to search for another option?
It doesn't really matter then. I just need to know the type of food, name of the restaurant, and their phone number.|May I suggest Hakka? It is a Chinese food. The phone number is 01223568988. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 2 star hotel.|May I suggest the Ashley Hotel, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or the Lovell Lodge as recommend hotels to stay in. These are all two stars hotels.
Can you please send me reviews|there are no reviews available at this time for the three hotels mentioned.
Do they include free parking?|The three hotels have parking, but I am not sure if it is free. Would you like me to call and check?
No. But I also need help booking a taxi to leave the restaurant by 20:00. Could you provide a contact number and car type with my taxi booking please?|In order to book the taxi could you please tell me your destination?
Yes, from Hakka, to the Ashley Hotel please. I want to leave Hakka at 20:00.|OK, I have a taxi booked for you. The car will be a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07941022282. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I will be in Cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the centre while I visit.|I'd be happy to help you pick one! There are over 40 attractions in city centre; what type of activity are you interested in?
I don't really care.  Can you suggest something?|How about a museum?  Or we have some terrific colleges you could visit.  There's always the theatre as well.
How about a theatre? Can you give me the post code and phone number for one, please?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage in postcode cb23pj. Their phone number is 01223503333.
Thank you! Can you help me find a hotel to stay in? I need it to have free wifi.|Just about every lodging in town has internet (it's 2017, after all!). Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
It needs to be in the same area as theatre and have free parking. I don't care about the price.|Okay its address is located at 6 saint edward's passage and its postal code is cb23pj.
Can you book it for me? Just for one person starting on Wednesday for 5 nights.|I'm sorry, none of the hotels in the centre are free on those dates.  Would you like to try a different number of days?
Can you try for just 2 nights then?|Your booking at the Alexander bed and breakfast was successful, the reference number is L60GOSEU.
Can I please book a taxi to get to the hotel?|Sure.  What time would you like to be picked up from Cambridge Arts Theatre?
I'd actually like to be picked up from Alexander bed and breakfast by 15:30.|I have booked a black BMW to pick you up.  The contact number is 07334398349.
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you Goodbye
I am looking for Downing College. Can you give me information on it?|Sure, it is located in the centre area, on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq, their phone number is 01223334860.
And just to clarify, what sort of attraction is it? I assume it's a college but sometimes things are named oddly, you understand.|Yes, downing college is a college. Can I do anything else for you today?
I also need a place to stay. I am thinking a guesthouse in the east part of town.|There is a cheap guesthouse named Allenbell on 517a coldham lane if you are interested.
That sounds great.  Can I have the number?|The number is 01223210353.  I can make that booking for you, I would just need to know and arrival date and for how many people and length of your stay.
Can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star?  If so, I will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on wednesday.|It is four stars but unfortunately I cannot book it. Would you like to change the date?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?|I was able to book that, your reference is 4B5YCEFU.
Thanks. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the college and the hotel.|I can take care of that for you.  Would you like to be picked up at the college?  And at what time?
I want to leave the hotel at 15:15 to go to the college.|I have confirmed your taxi, a black bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07830542895.  Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that takes care of it. Thank you.|Thank You, have a good stay. Goodbye.
Hello I am looking for a nice restaurant nearby that serve Portuguese , but I would also like the prices very affordable|Nandos is in the south area and they have wonderful Portuguese food! Would you like me to book that?
Are they a cheap restaurant? I want to save money for all the other plans we have during our trip.|yes. nandos city centre	fits your wants.
Great! Could you book a table there for 5 people on Thursday? We'd like to eat at 19:00.|Your table has been reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is M1K2Y25N on Thursday at 19:00 for 5 people.
Thank you. I also want to go to a museum.|There are several museums available. What part of town would you prefer?
It can be in any area. Could you suggest one and give me some information about it, please?|The ruskin gallery is in the centre of town at anglia ruskin university, east road. The phone number and postcode are 01245493131 and cb11pt. Admission is free. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|Where would you like to depart from and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time.|Okay you got it. I've booked you a yellow ford. The contact number is 07887698411
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thank you.|No problem.  Enjoy your stay.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|There are 32 options in Cambridge, what price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for something in the cheap price range, but I need it to have a 4 star rating. I don't need any parking though.|Again I have many to choose from that meet those criteria. Would you like a suggestion?
Ok, yes, if you could suggest one that comes with free parking that would be great!|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I also need a Vietnamese restaurant.|My apologies it appears that I forgot to book your lodging. I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, would you like me to book it for you?
Oh yes, please do. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights, beginning friday|You are booked with the reference number E9100B48. I can help you with the Vietnamese restaurant now. Do you have an area in mind?
I just want the restaurant to be in the same price range as my hotel|There is one cheap vietnamese restaurant in town. It is thanh binh. Do you want to book?
No, just provide me with the address and area for that restaurant if you could|The restaurant is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre in the West.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, will you book me a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel, please|And what time would you like that taxi?
I would like to leave the hotel by 22:15.|Your taxi service was book with a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07797935179 in case you need to contact them.
Thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome enjoy your meal. Have a good evenening
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant on the south side of town.|There are 2 expensive and 1 cheap restaurant matching your criteria. Which price range do you prefer?
Book me a table for 7 on Thursday at 17:30 and send me a reference number. Thank you.|Would you like to book cheap or expensive?
I don't care what price range it is in. I will need a reference number please for the reservation.|Let's decide on the lucky star. Unfortunately, that appears to already be booked. Do you want to try one of the others?
Yes please. Let's try the other one you mentioned.|Ok, I've booked a table for 7 at 17:30 on thursday at the good luck chinese food takeaway. Your reference number is LA1YYDOO.
Can you help me find a place to stay|No problem, there's the aylesbray lodge guest house which is also in the south area. It's moderately priced, four stars, with parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes I need to book it for 7 people, for 4 nights starting thursday, can I get the reference number?|Great your reference number is 4U18B867
Thank you.  I will also need a taxi so that I can commute between these two locations and I need it to arrive at 17:30.|All right, a white ford will arrive by 17:30. The contact number is 07655989652.
Thank you.  That is all I need.|Thank you for using this system!
I would like a taxi to curry king please.|Sure, first I'll need to know where you need picked up from.
I'm departing from sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.|I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I just need to be sure to arrive by 07:15.|I have a black bmw with contact number 07975360345.
When will the taxi pick me up?|Would 6:45 be a convenient time for you to leave?
Will that get me to my destination on time?|Yes, the trip takes about fifteen minutes so you will arrive in time even if there is a little traffic.
Thank you goodbye|Goodbye, please call us if we can help you again!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range|There are 33 options. Do you want to specify food type?
I would love some modern european food.|darrys cookhouse and wine shop fits your needs.
Awesome! Can I make a reservation for Thursday?|We can try! How many people should I book the table for, and what time?
We'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at 16:15 on Thursday, please.|Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : WWQVD41C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Prefer that the attraction be a type of cinema.|The vue cinema would be a perfect choice.  the address is grafton centre, east road.  Unsure of entrance fee.  The phone number is 08712240240.
I'd like to book a taxi from the cinema to Darrys, I'd like to get to the restaurant by 16:15.|A blue audi will arrive for you. Here's their number just in case you need it. 07884218213
Thanks so much, that's all I needed today!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I want to find a museum located in the west.|how about cafe jello gallery? it's gotten great reviews.
What is the entrance fee? Can you please provide the address and postcode?|cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Postcode cb30af
I also need a dining place. International food in expensive range would work for me.|I'm sorry but it doesn't look like we have any listings for expensive international restaurants. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
are you sure?it should be in the west|I'm afraid there aren't any. Would you like to try a different price range or cuisine?
How about Indian?|There are 5 restaurants in the west that serve expensive Indian food. May I make a reservation for you?
As long as it serves indian we're good. I need the address and phone number|I recommend India House! It's located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Can I do anything else for you?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two?  I need to leave the Cafe Jello attraction by 21:00.  I need the contact Number and car type?|Done! The car will be a red Tesla, and you may call 07730461220. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all of the information that I need, thank you.|Your welcome and if there is anything else please don't hesitate to give me a call back.
Hi, I'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the West end please|We have one cheap hotel and one cheap guesthouse. Both are rated four stars.
It doesn't have to have free parking.  I guess you can find me one.|The Cambridge Belfry is in the west and has free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That sounds goo. Please go ahead.|I'd be happy to. How many days and how any people should I make the reservation for? Also, what day?
actually, i just need the phone number and postcard for the hotel.|Here is the address and post code back lane, cambourne cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also give me info on tandoori palace, I hear that it rocks the house like mickey mouse.|Located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, in the west, it is an expensive indian restaurant.
Very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at 19:15 on thursday?|Your reservation for 5 people at the Tandoori Palace for this thursday at 19:15 was succesful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 8UISCCP3.
I also would need a taxi to the restaurant by the booked time|You are book, look for a green 1986 yugo.  Kidding, look for a yellow tesla, they can be reached at 07867620886.  Any other questions today?
That is all of the information that I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
Can you tell what there is to do in the centre area?|There are many fun things to do in the center of town. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
Hmm, well... me and my friends like to go to nightclubs. Are there any in that area of town?|There are 5 in that area. If I may, might I suggest The Fez Club. They have amazing music and a great atmosphere. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat as well.|Unfortunately, my information for restaurants is not coming up. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made reservations at a restaurant. Can you give me the postcode and phone number to the Fez Club that you found?|Sure the phone is 01223519224 and the post code is cb23hx
Great, thanks. Now I'd also like to find a hotel to stay at with free wifi and a star rating of 0.|I have three options for you; one hotel and two guesthouses. Does location or price range matter?
Not really and I don't need parking either.|Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.|I have one matching your criteria called Cityroomz located in the city center. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, but I do need the phone number of the hotel.|The phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 5:00 and the attraction.|Okay I have booked a car for you and it will be a white Lexus and the driver's contact number is 07610272474.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Hello, can you recommend local restaurants?|I have many options for restaurants in the area.  Is there a certain type of food you would like me to find information on?
No. I am interested in the Cambridge Arts Theatre. Can you provide me with the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223503333, and their postcode is CB23PJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the theatre info. Let's go back to the restaurant search. I feel like Spanish food, in the moderate price range, please.|La Tasca sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 5 people on tuesday at 14:30. And I will absolutely need a reference number from you|You are booked with reference number NK0DZ1YI. Anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|Ok.  I will be happy to help you with that.  Where will the taxi pick you up?
Can the taxi pick me up from the Cambridge Arts Theatre.|Where would like the taxi to take you?
To La Tasca, by 14:30|yellow audi
Contact number	:	07845910981
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Great, thanks for letting us help you!
I'm looking for place called club salsa.|That is a nightclub at 1 Station Road in the town centre.  What would you like to know?
I needed the address, so thanks for that!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for info on a restaurant called pipasha.|Pipasha is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food in the east part of town. Do you need more information?
Could you tell me what area Pipasha is in along with the post code?|Pipasha is in the east. The full address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton postal code cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm gonna need a taxi to get from the club to the restaurant.  Can you schedule that for me?|What time would you like to leave the club by taxi?
I would like to leave by 21:45 please.|I have a yellow Lexus picking you up at Club Salsa at 21:45. The contact number is 07451777629. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope. That will be all, thanks.|If you have any further questions, please let us help! Good bye.
Reserve a taxi to jinling noodle bar for me|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 24:15|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from pembroke college.|A grey volvo will be picking you up at pembroke college.  Their contact number is 07248087755 if you have any questions.
Thanks so much for your help!|You are welcome. Do you need any other Cambridge bookings?
No, that's all that I need today. Thank you!|Enjoy your visit and thank you for contacting us!
I need to book a taxi to take me to Riverside Brasserie at 11:15.|Sure thing, where are you going?
I'm going to riverside brasserie.|Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from the Marriott Hotel in downtown Cambridge next to the theatre.|Is that the huntingdon marriott hotel?
No, sorry I'm actually departing from saint johns chop house.|Ok, just to confirm, you'd like a taxi from saint johns chop house to riverside brasserie at 11:15?
Yes, but I want to leave after 11:15. When you book it can you get me the car type and contact number please?|All right, sir, you'll be picked up in a blue BMW. The contact number is 07348606520.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.|welcome.enjoy the ride
I'm looking for a hotel that offers particular amenities, specifically free parking and free wifi|Just to clarify, does it matter if this establishment is a guesthouse or a hotel?
No, it really doesn't matter.  I need free parking and free wifi though.  I'd like a 4 star rating and it should be in the north.|There are 7 matches, do you have any other preferences?
No other preferences. Which one do you recommend?|I would recommend Home From Home, a guesthouse at 78-80 Milton Road.
That sounds lovely, can I please have the post code for that?|The postcode for Home from Home is cb41la. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I want to eat at a moderate Chinese restaurant.|In what area?
I don't have a preference.|May I suggest Golden Wok. They are located on the north side of town at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
please book a table for 1 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.|Reference number is : E0UF3S84. You are booked, it will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I need a taxi to take to the restaurant in time for the reservation. Pick up place: Home from Home|You are booked for a blue lexus with the contact number of 07187698184. May I help with something else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I have an attraction in mind that I need help finding.|Maybe I could help.  Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it is called Nusha.|I've located Nusha and it's in the South. It's located in Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road.
Ok, thank you. I also need to find a hotel that is expensive.|Okay, in what area?
I do not have a preference on the area.|I would recommend the university arms hotel, which is centrally-located and offers free wifi and parking. Does that interest you?
Is that a 1 star hotel?|No. I'm sorry. It's not a 1 star establishment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you look for a 4 star hotel in the same price range?|How about the Hundington Marriott Hotel in the west? It gets 4 stars.
No thank you that will be all|Well, if you are sure, I hope you have a great visit! Thank you.
Hello! I'm looking for new places to go in Cambridge and am wondering if there is a theatre closeby.|There are four theatres in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
Please recommend one for me that is in the center.|How about cambridge arts theatre?  It's located at 6 saint edward's passage.
Yes, that will do. I also need a place to stay.|In what area would you like to stay?
I am looking for a place in the south, and I don't need parking. But I do need 4 stars and wifi!|Aylesbray Lodge Guest House matches all your criteria except it does have parking.  Would that be a problem for you?
Yes, that's not a problem.|Do you need more info, or would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No need, but please give me their phone number.  thanks!|the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road.  the phone number is 01223240089.  will you be needing transportation?
Yes. I would like to leave the hotel by 8:45.|I have a Taxi picking you up at the hotel to take you to the theatre. A blue ford will arrive. The contact number is 07757926214
Thank you goodbye|thanks, enjoy your trip!
Hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?|Sure, what type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a swimming pool in the North.|Jesus green outdoor pool is in that area.
What's the address and entrance fee for that pool?|Adress, between victoria road and the river. The entrance fee is unknown. Is there anything else?
I would like a restaurant in the same area.|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like  asian oriental food in the expensive range.|I found Saigon City matching.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please book a table for 1 person at 14:45 on friday.|Your table at Saigon City is booked for Friday at 14:45. The reference number is 2LC9ER6D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I will also need a taxi to take me from Jesus Green Outdoor pool to Saigon City arriving in time for the reservation.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volkswagen
Contact number	:	07774063266
Thanks.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your visit.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the South area. Can you help me with that please?|I have four options ranging in price from cheap to expensive ranging in from 3 to 4 stars.
Are any a guesthouse?|Yes I have 3 guesthouses matching your criteria. Would you like to book one of them?
No I just need you to recommend one for me.|Aylesbury odge guesthouse,I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need you to book it, I just need the phone number and post code please.|The phone number is 01223240089, and the post code is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the expensive range. Can you recommend one?|the good luck chinese food takeaway is great. Shall i book it ?
Please book the restaurant and I also need a taxi.|What time would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us. We'd like 12:15 on Saturday please.|Your table is booked (ref# SCHAG4OI). What time do you need that taxi?
I'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before 12:15.|Your black ford taxi has been booked and your contact number is 07103139053.
Thanks. That is all for now.|Okay.  Please call us if we can help you further.  We hope you enjoy your stay.
Please help me reserve a taxi from saint catharine's college|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 01:15.|Great! And what is your destination?
I'm going to loch fyne.|You are booked for a red lexus with the contact number 07866626052.
Thank you.  I am now finished.|I'm glad we could help.  Have a good day.
Hi! I need a taxi from little saint mary's church to trinity college. I sure hope you can help me!|Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to leave after 24:45.|Your booking is complete, a grey toyota will be picking you up.
I'll also need the contact number.|Of course, the number is 07655357606. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Thank you and have a great day!
Send a taxi to the Parkside Police Station to go to Little Seoul|Do you have a frame of time you would like to arrive or leave in?
I would like to gt there by 6:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black lexus
Contact number	:	07080991212
I will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay when I get there.|I can certainly help with that! Can you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
Thank you! I would like to stay in the North part of town, please.|There are many places to choose from. Do you have a certain price range you want to stay in? How about free wifi and parking?
I definitely need free wifi, and I'd like a 4 star place.|The archway house is in the north and 4 stars
That sounds great! What's their address and phone? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|archway house is a guesthouse. The address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am also looking for places to go when I get there.  Are there any cinemas in the same area as Archway House?|What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?|I have 2 cinemas. One is in the south. The other is in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
I need a cinema in the north.|Unfortunately there are no cinemas in the north part of town. Would you like me to see if we have a few located in a different area?
What about a pool in the north?|There are 2 pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on one of them?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for Kings Hedges?|01223353248	and cb42xh respectively
Thank you, I also need a taxi to communte between the two places. I'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 3:45.|look out for a blue ford. the contact is 07584361462
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!|No problem, is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all thank you for the help!|Glad, I could help you plan your experience in cambridge, enjoy your day.
I would like to blow my budget at an expensive restaurant in the centre area.|Sounds like you are celebrating.  What type of food do you want to have?
I'd love to have some Persian food.|Unfortunately, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants in the center of town. Are you interested in a different type of expensive food?
how about one that serves european food?|I could recommend Eraina. It is expensive and serves European food in the center.
Sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 2 at 17:45 on wednesday?|I have booked a table for two at Eraina. Your reservation is at 17:45 on Wednesday, and your reference number is QEYTLGLK. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there park in the same area as the restaurant? If so can you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is in the centre of town. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get a taxi please from that park to take me to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me contact number and car type too please|Yes, a white bmw is booked. The contact number is 07805333203. Will that be all for you?
Yes, that's it! Thanks so much, bye!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need to find a restaurant called taj tandoori|Nice place.  It is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes. I need a place for 3 on Wednesday at 17:15.|Great! That booking was successful and your reservation number is K1T4IC74.
I also need a hotel in moderate price range and star rating of 0.|Cityroomz matches those requirements. Would you like the phone number, or a reservation?
Does it have free parking?|I'm afraid it does not offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Is there anywhere else which would offer free parking?|Not with those criteria. We could start a new search if you like.
how about a cheap hotel with free parking?|I have two guesthouse available. They both offer free parking and are 0 stars. One is in the north and one in the centre? Do you want a specific area?
The area doesn't matter. Can you pick one and book a room for 3 people for 5 nights on Wednesday.|I was able to book you at el shaddai. Your Reference number is : 4WHOTORJ.
Can I get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I would like to arrive shortly before the booking time.|I have booked your taxi. Your car is a blue volkswagen, they can be reached at at 07653689405 if you have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set for today.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Good-bye!
I need a centre attraction.|I have many attractions in the centre.  Do you have a particular type in mind?
What types of attractions are there and what are the entrance fees?|There are over 40 attractions in the centre, in every type of venue. Let's narrow it down a bit and I'd be happy to provide further details. Museum? Architecture? Boats? Colleges?
Boats sounds interesting!|Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter both offer boating in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
No, but could you tell me what their entrance fees are?|I do not have any information on what their fee is, you may want to call them.  They are reachable at 01223359750
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and in the same area.|We have quite a few options, is there any cuisine in particular that you would like?
Yes, are there options for mexican?|I am not seeing any Mexican restaurants in the expensive price range in that area.  Would you like me to try another search for you?
Can you see if maybe there is a French restaurant with the same criteria?|Cote is an expensive french dining experience. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, give me a table for 6 people at 18:00 Sunday.|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have a different day or time?
Lets try 5pm|Booking was successful. The reference number is : NYEUMZ53.
Can you book me a taxi from Scudamore's punting company to the restaurant?|Please give me information about when you want to leave and arrive.
Yes, I would like to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time at 17:00|Booking was completed! the car is a black skoda
	
Contact number	:	07731972489
Hello there. I was wondering if you could help me arrange for a taxi to take me from the Cherry Hinton Village Centre to La Raza?|Certainly! Do you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I need to leave after 10:15. may i have the contact number for taxi please?|Absolutely. The contact number is 07862333057
Thank you very much!|Would you like me to book the taxi?
Yes I need the taxi to depart from the cherry hinton village and go to la raza. Leaving after 10:15. Please give me the contact number and car type.|Okay, the taxi is booked. The contact number is 07862333057, the car will be a Blue Honda. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all, thank you.  Have a nice day.|Thank you.  We are always here to help with your bookings.
Could you help me find a 3 star hotel with free wifi in Cambridge?|I found 5 hotels do you have a part of town you prefer? South, north, west or centre?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|I'm afraid there are no hotels that will meet your needs. Would you like to try a different area of town or price range?
Could you find me a hotel that is in the west with the same criteria?|It sounds like Hobsons House is the perfect guesthouse for you. Would you like me to book a stay?
What is the phone number? Do they have free parking?|Yes, they do have free parking, and the phone number is 01223304906	. Is there any other information you need?
Yes one more thing,  I am looking for an attraction in the "architecture" category and I would like it to be close to the hotel please.|I am afraid we have nothing that matches your request. Would you like to try another area?
Yes, are there any museums in that area?|There are 7 museums in the west. My personal favorite is Cafe Jello Gallery. Entrance is free! Would you like more information?
Yes, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number for Cafe Jello, please?|sure, phone number is 01223312112 postcode is cb30af and the address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
I'll also need a taxi to get between the two places, I'd like to leave Cafe Jello by 4pm.  Can I have the car type and a contact number?|Sure thing! I have you booked for a blue bmw and the contact number is 07359941913. Can I help you with anything else?
Need a place to stay on the west side, and I need it cheap.|The finches bed and breakfast is located in the west and in the cheap price range
Ok, that will work! Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does offer parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Yes please!|What day will you be checking in? I also need the number of days you will be staying and the number of people.
I'll be checking in on Saturday, and it will be for 4 people for 4 nights.|I am sorry but the finches bed and breakfast is heavily booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter number of days?
Can we get in for three nights?|Yes I can you in for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you|Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses. Do you have a specific area of town you would prefer? Or maybe a price range or number of stars you would like?
It should be on the north side of town and cheap.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer in the cheap range.|I have 2 that are cheaper. The Worth House is 4-star rated. City Centre North B&B has 0 star rating. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference?
Why don't we go with the Worth House.|I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people and for which day?
Can you book a room for Friday for 5 people, 4 nights please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is IJ1HUBDZ.
Great.  Can you also book a taxi for me to commute between these places?|I'd be happy to book you a taxi, but to do that I will need a destination or starting point, in addition to Worth House.
What about an attraction in the same area as the hotel?|I have 4 different attractions in the north. I have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I will pick one that interests me. Could you get me a taxi to take me from the hotel at 09:30?|Sure. Milton Country Park is a nice free attraction. I booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 9:30 from your hotel. It's a white audi, contact is 07080139469
Great!  I can't think of anything else I need  Thank you for your help.|No problem, happy to be assistance.
You were very helpful.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
I would like to find some entertainment in the centre of the city.|I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I check something else for you?
How about some architecture to visit in the center?|I am showing 5 architecture in the centre. I could recommend all saints church.
Ok, what's the phone number?|They are reachable at 01223452587, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, please find a restaurant in the moderate price range and same area as the attraction.|I am showing 21 restaurants in that area and price. Is there a certain cuisine you would enjoy?
How about portuguese food?|Unfortunately, there are no portuguese restaurants that meet your requirements. Can I look for something else for you?
How about international food?|I am showing two international restaurants near the centre. The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like more information on either one?
Please book the Varsity for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00.|Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number E8SV1E0D. May I assist you with anything else?
That is all thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I am looking for some suggestions on places to  go in town.|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. There are churches, museums, swimming pool, and many more attractions.  What are you interested in doing?
Perhaps I'd like to see a museum.  Are there any in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is a science museum, an art and antiques museum, and 9 others. What kind of museum are you interested in?
Does not matter can you just recommend one please.|Castle Galleries is a very nice museum in the centre, and their entrance fee is free!
Excellent. Can I please have they're phone number and address please?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. You can reach them at 01223307402.
Thank you.  I am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town.  Can you assist me with that?|You're in luck. There are 11 guesthouses in the north. What amenities are you looking for?
4 people for 5 nights starting Sunday and I also need the ref # too please|Ok great, we have you booked in the alpha-milton guest house at 63 milton road.  Your Reference number is : KPUSMIB9.  Thank you!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Looking for a place to stay in the East!|There are many can I get a price range please?
I am not particular as along as it has 4 stars and free wifi.|There are six guesthouses that meet your needs. I have heard wonderful things about Leverton House on Newmarket Road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I prefer a hotel, is there a hotel in this area that is 4 star?|I am not finding any that meet your requirements. Is there something else you are looking for?
Ok. Leverton House guest house sounds fine.  Can you book it for 2 nights on Monday?  There will be 7 people.|Your booking for Leverton House was successful. The reference number for this stay is 8RX4FFKM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me find a college in the east to tour?|There aren't any colleges located in the east. Do you want to search in other areas or do you want to find a different kind of attraction?
Could you find me a museum instead?|Sure we have many colleges to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please. And I will need the postcode for it.|I recommend, the gallery at twelve a high street, their postal is cb15dh, any further questions?
I need also a taxi to leave the hotel by 2:30|Please provide me with a Taxi that can arrive by 2;30, I would like a phone & reference number.
I'm confused. I need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 2:30. Can you help me with that?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07492685180
Thank you very much! That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
You want to book a taxi. The taxi should arrive by 17:30 and should go to la mimosa.|Ok. And where will the taxi be picking you up from?
I will be departing from nusha.|A black audi is booked for you, with contact number 07400946146
Thanks so much! That's it for today. Have a good one!|Thanks you and have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves British food, are there any in town?|There are 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred area?
No, but I need to book a table for 4 people at 14:30 on monday.|I have confirmed your reservation at the cambridge chop house for Monday at 14:30.  Your reference number is VA1DPB9K. Do you need any further assistance?
Where are some places to go on the east side of town?|We have 10 listings for the east area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Actually, I would like you to make a recommendation for me.|I've heard the Camboats are fun, as well as the Funky Fun House.  Do either of those interest you?
What's the attraction type? I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant by my reserved time from the attraction, and will need the contact number and car type.|The Camboats are boats, while the Funky Fun House is entertainment.
Okay, I think I'd like to do the Caamboats.|Alright, I have a taxi booked to take you from Camboats to the Chop House. It will be a grey BMW, the contact number is 07699651220.
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hello. I am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in in Cambridge. Can you help?|Yes. There are three cheap 4 star guesthouses.  There is one in the centre and two in the east.
I need one that includes free wifi.|Ok, I have several. Do you have a particular area in mind?
I'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in Centre (providing it has free wifi too) starting on Wednesday.|Yes it has fre wifi,how many people staying and how many nights please?
There will only be 1 person.|How many nights will you be needing?
I'll be staying for our nights.|Would you like that booked?
Yes, one person, 4 nights starting Wednesday. Reference number for that, parks to visit. Area, address and phone number and a taxi to arrive at 17:00, contact number and car type.|The reference number for that is: DXZBH03X. Would you like a park near the hotel? We will need more information to book the taxi, where will it be departing from and arriving to?
Yes, I would like a park near the hotel.|There are five parks. The cambridge university botanic gardens is located in the centre, just like the hotel.
That sounds great! Can I please have the address and phone number?|They are located on Bateman Street I don't know the exact address and their phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, I had mentioned I will need a taxi between the park and the hotel.|I am sorry I need a time to schedule the cab please
I wouold like to leave The cambridge university botanic gardens by 17:00|It's all booked. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please call 07681935909 if you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thanks.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in town. Please give me the contact information for one.|There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter but it should have a 4 star rating.|We have 11 hotels with 4 Stars. I've heard good things about Avalon. Would you like more information?
Yes please.  Do they offer internet access and what kind of parking accommodations do they have?  Also a number to reach them would be great!|Avalon does have internet available but does not have parking. Would you prefer a different hotel?
Is the Avalon a hotel type and moderately priced with a 4 star rating?|Yes it is, would you like to book that?
No thank you but may I please have the address?|The Avalon is located at 	62 gilbert road. If you'd like me to book that, message us back. Thank you.
I'm going to think about it. I'd really prefer a hotel with parking.|Sorry, I'm not finding any 4 star moderate hotels with free parking. Perhaps you'd like a different option?
I can also check to see if we have guesthouses for that area.|there are 9 different guest houses available, any preferences?
I'd like it to be rated 4 stars.|Are you looking for an establishment in a certain area?
No, any area will do.  Could I get the address for one of them?  I'm also looking to go on a boat can you help with that?|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I'll also be needing to find boating options and their information and I'll need to arrange a taxi to and from the locations.|There are four boating option in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
As long as I can get a taxi to the boat and back that leaves the boat by 8:45 any location is fine.|Sure I can get you a taxi for any of them.
Okay I need to leave the attraction by 08:45 and I would like a contact number and a description of the car picking me up please.|I'd be happy to help you with a taxi, where will you be departing from/arriving at? And for what time?
I'll need the taxi when we finish with the boats, at 8:45, and I need it to take me to my hotel.|Well, looks like we need to select a boating attraction first and then I will be happy to arrange your taxi service. Can I recommend Camboats in the east?
Yes.  That would be fine.  Do you need to book it?|No, but here is the address and phone number: the plough, green end, fen ditton. 01223902112.
Actually, can you please book a taxi from the boats to my hotel.|I was able to book a tax from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, departing at 8:45. It will be a White Skoda and the phone number for contact is 07726151603.
Thank you SO MUCH, I know I was confusing.  Can you just tell me the entrance fee for the boats?  That is all I still need to know.|Im sorry, the entrance fees arent listed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, could I get the postcode for Camboats?|No problem at all. The postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you any further?
Will you tell me the car type?|You have a white Skoda.  That is the car type.  It will take you from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, ref. #07726151603.
Thank you so much!|It has been my pleasure. Thank you for calling!
I'll be needing a taxi from nandos city centre|Where will you be heading to?
I need to go to the castle galleries.|What time would you like to leave?
I need to leave after 04:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue toyota
Contact number	:	07920865012
Ok thanks, that's all i need.|thank you for all youre help that will be all
I'm looking for a hotel called home from home.|Home from Home is located in the North area and is moderately priced. Would you like more information?
No, I'd like a room for 8 people. We'll be checking in on thursday for 4 nights.|I was able to book you for 4 nights starting on Thursday for 8 people.  The confirmation number is UOF6DHN8.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm looking for French food.|I would recommend Cote.  It is expensive but good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please make 8 reservations for Friday night at 19:00.|That is booked! Your reference number is HQOSMVL8. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up from?
I need to make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|You will be going to Cote by 19:00, will you be departing from your hotel?
We will be leaving from there.|What day and time do you need the taxi?
i want it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed! The taxi will be a red honda  and their Contact number	is 07854504953. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for me today! Thanks! Have a good one.|You too, enjoy your stay!
I would like to book a taxi that would pick me up from sesame restaurant and bar that would pick me up at 14:00|And where will the taxi be taking you?
I need to go to St John's Chop House. I would like a contact number and car type for my booking query.|Your taxi will be a grey Lexus with the contact number 07097363308.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|Thank you! Have a great day!
I will be needing a taxi from broxbourne train station|Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
I must arrive there by 23:30|Okay, where are you headed?
I'm going to india house.|You car type is a red skoda.  The contact number is 07699858480.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope. That should be it. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. It was my pleasure to help. Goodbye.
Can you help me get a taxi to pizza express Fen Ditton?|Sure! Where do you want to depart from?
I want to depart from sidney sussex college.|Great. Now I'll just need a time from you please.
I can't leave until after 11:45 please.|Ok, you will be riding in a black bmw, the contact number is 07196618284, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye for now.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the south?|There are two that fit your request. One is Nusha on Clifton Road and the other is Tenpin on Clifton Way. Do you need more information?
Can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee of Nusha.|The address of Nusha is unit g6, Cambridge leisure park, Clifton road and their telephone number is 01223902158, but unfortunately, I do not have information on their entrance fee.
I can call for that. But thanks anyway. I am also looking for a cheap place to eat.|There are 15 that I have found! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like a chinese restaurant, please.|There is one cheap Chinese restaurant in the area called The Lucky Star. Would you like me to book a reservation for it?
Is it in the same area as Nusha?|Yes it is in the same area.
Could you book me a table on Thirsday. 2 people at 14:00|I will go ahead and book that now.
Thank you. Can I please have the reference number?|Your table is reserved, ref#39W1D7PP. Can I help you with anything else today?
i also want a taxi to commute between the 2 places|I've booked you a taxi from nusha to the lucky star, arriving at 14:00. The car will be a white bmw. Contact number	:	07301865482
Thanks so much, that is all I need.|Okay, great. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range that serves indian food.|I have 4 places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference in the area.
I don't really have a preference in the area.|I would suggest meghna then would you like the address?
No address but would like to make a booking for 8 people at 17:45 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : LS1ZMCR8.  Is there anything I can do to help you today?
I also would like to see entertainment in the center area.|we dont have any in that area.
If there is no such attraction, how about one that is in the type of museum?|I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and entrance fee for one of the museums, please.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is always a good choice. They are located  at University of Cambridge, Downing Strand and admission is free. The phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Alright, where would you like the taxi to pick you up at and your destination?
I'd like to go from the museum to the restaurant, and make sure I get there for the reservation, please.|i booked your taxi. it will be a blue toyota. their phone number is 07424729044.
that is all i need for now. have a great day|Have a great, Good-bye.
I need to find a place to dine in at in Cambridge later.|we have a variety of choices. if  you can specify your price range
Give me something cheap.|There are 22 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a specific area in town you are looking for?
Area of town doesn't matter, but I would like to try north indian food.|I'm sorry I can't find any north indian restaurants, would you like to try something else?
How about a Portuguese restaurant?|none in our records. maybe if you could change the area.
The area does not matter.|There are 2 Portuguese restaurants to choose from, one on the south and one in the center, both in the cheap price range. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, I would like the area, address, and postcode for the one in the centre please.|Nandos city centre is in the centre of town at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street, with the postcode cb23ar. May I help with something else?
I am needing to find a place to stay. I would like something 4 star rated and cheap.|There are 30+ accommodations matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
The east please.|Ok great. There are three locations. I highly suggest the Leverton House. Would you like to book a room?
book for 2 people and 4 nights from friday please|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 8GXHKS3A
I also need a taxi.|Where are you travelling from/to?
I would be leaving the hotel by 10:15.|Before I can request the taxi I need to know where you are going.
from the hotel to the restaurant. Please give me the contact number and car type after you book it.|Okay great. I have your reservation and you should expect to see a yellow Volvo and their contact number will be 07739732329. Is there anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi. Could you help me with finding a hotel?|Absolutely, do you have any other requirements?
A 3 star hotel on the east side would be preferable.|I don't have anything matching your request, would you like to change your hotel location or star rating?
How about a 4 star hotel with free parking?|I'm still not finding anything. Would you like a different area?
I need a hotel for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Oh wow. I really need to find something. Would you mind looking again? 4 Star rated in the east with free parking. I would really appreciate it.|Sorry. There are no matches. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm sorry but I have a hard time believing there is no place to stay in the east with either a 3 or 4 star rating.|There are actually no lodgings of any kind in the east part of town listed.  Would you like to try another area. The centre is very popular?
Since you say there are no 3 or 4 star hotels in the east, I will settle for the centre of town.|That was a mistake. There are lots of 4 star hotels here. What is your price range?
Let's go expensive. I need to book it for 4 people for 4 nights on Thursday.|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east in the expensive range.  Would you like to try another price range, area, or star rating?
This is really frustrating. Can you find me any 3 or 4 star hotels anywhere ?|Gonville Hotel is a great hotel located in the centre. It's 3 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a room?
book for 4 people 4 nights from thursday|Okay that was comleted successfully and your reference number is E5BQH7U1.
Can you please provide me with information on the attraction cherry hinton hall and grounds?|Absolutely! It is an entertainment attraction in the east. Phone is 01223446104. Postcode is cb18dw. And address is cherry hinton road. There is no entrance fee information listed.
Could you double check for a 3 or 4 star hotel on the east side with free parking?|Leverton House is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the cheap price range with both internet and parking included. Is there anything else today?
Great thanks.  I need a taxi from Gonville Hotell to Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds at 13:15.|Your taxi was booked successfully. You will be picked up in a black Tesla by 13:15 at the Gonville Hotel and dropped off at Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.
Great. Do you have a contact number?|Their contact number is 07167487501. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That's all. Have a blessed day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I want to try a local restaurant called Jinling noodle bar, can you help?|Absolutely! The address of the restaurant is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, and their telephone number is 01223566188. Would you like me to help you find a taxi there?
No thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on wednesday?|Alright, your table has been booked at the Jinling Noodle Bar for Wednesday at 17:30 for 2 people. Your reference number is VJ15Q075. Is there anything else I can do?
I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free parking and free wifi.|Do you have an area of town you prefer?
I do not prefer a particular area of town but I would like the hotel to be a  guesthouse.|There are 21 accommodations that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you prefer?
I do not care about the price range|The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
That sounds great. Yes please!|In order to book your room I will need to know the dates you will be staying and the number of guests.
I would like the booking starting on Wednesday for 2 people please.|And how many days would you like to stay?
I need to book a room for two nights please.|I have made a booking for you for two nights. Your reference number is 1H5BM0PN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you!  I also need to get a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 17:30.|Your taxi has been booked and it is a red honda and its contact number is 07876946762.
.
Thank you for your help. Good Bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the east.|Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see?
I actually haven't been to Cambridge before. Can you tell me a few types that might be in that area?|sure thing! We have museums, entertainment and a boat. Anything there catch your fancy?
You pick something in the east for me.  I'll need the address, postcode and entrance fee.  I'm also wanting information on Anatolia.  Thank you!|Lets start with the attraction information first. Cherry Hinton Water Play is a free park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road and the postcode is cb18dw.
Great, thank you.|You're very welcome. Now, the Anatolia is a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the city centre.
Okay, let's book a table at the Anatolia for Monday at 17:30. I'll need it booked for 3 people.|All done, your reference number is M5W4NO7F. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Come to think of it, I think I may need a taxi to get me between the two. Can it get me from Cherry Hinton to Anatolia by 17:30?|Yes, not a problem.  I have a blue lexus booked for you.  The contact number is 07234258903.
Thank you so much that is everything, I will be putting you on my Christmas Card list, you are awesome!|It is always my pleasure.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.|It was a pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the Pizza Express|There seems to be two locations.  They are both located in the centre of town.  One is on Regent Street City Centre, and the other is on Jesus Lane Fen Dutton.
Ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at 18:30 on saturday and I need the reference number too please|Ok, you are all booked at the pizza express on regent street. Reference number is 1ASQ2S6Y.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called the Autumn House.|Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse in the east area of town with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I need it for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people.  Please send the reference number.|I was able to book your room for Autumn House. The reference number is 9IUTQ641. Is that all you need?
No, I'll also be needing a taxi to get between the two places, I'll need it to get to the restaurant by the booked time.|you will be riding in a gray toyota contact # is 07710210724
Groovy like Greg Brady!  That is everything,  Thank you for your help.|No problem at all, you have a great trip!
I need a taxi to the good luck chinese food takeaway.|I would be happy to help with your request, where will you need picked up?
I would like to be picked up at the Bloomsbury Restaurant.|When would you like to be picked up?
I want to be picked up after 03:15, please.|You are booked on a black skoda with the contact number 07423023261.
Great! Thank you so much!|You are most welcome. Do you have any other requests?
No, you have taken care of everything. Goodbye.|Your taxi will be there by 3:30. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.
I need a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.|Here are two suggestions on the east side, Curry Prince, Indian cuisine, and Pizza Hut fen dittion, Italian.
Please book a table for two at the Curry Prince on Sunday at  15:45|Your booking has been completed.
Can I have a reference number please?|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is SN8PDT2I.
Thank you.  I also need a place to stay.|Do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.|I have 18 results that fit your criteria. What area would you like to stay in, and what is your price range?
I would like something moderately priced and include free parking.|I would recommend the carolina bed and breakfast, which is located on the east side of town. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes please book a for the same group of people for 4 nights on the same day.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is KLDPGQ5D. Will that be all?
I also wanted some help booking a taxi if that's possible.|Absolutely! What time would you like me to set up a taxi?
I want to be at the restaurant by 15:45.|Would the taxi be picking you up at the carolina bed and breakfast?
Yes please.  And I'd need the contact number and car type.|What will your destination be?
The restauarant by 15:45, please.|Do you have a preference in car?
Just something to get me from point A to point B, please.|Your taxi is a white Toyota. Your contact number is 07519034481. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for today. Thank you so much.|No thank you that will be all
Hi, I am planning a trip and am hoping you can help with some places to go when I get into town.|Great, we have 79 attractions, do you have a particular type or area of town?
No particular area but I would like to go swimming. Are there any swimming pools?|Could I recommend abbey pool and astroturf pitch it is very nice.
That sounds nice.  What area is that pool in?|That is on the east side of town.
Perfect. I am also looking for a hotel in the south side.|There are several, did you have a price range preference?
No, but I want something 4-star that offers free wifi.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a great deal for a guesthouse that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I do not want to book yet, just gathering information. What is the postcode?|The post code is cb22ha is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the pool?|What time do you want to go?
I need to leave the hotel by 6:00, need the contact # and car type please|red skoda #07340785160
Thank you, that was quick.   That is all I need, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a taxi going to the varsity restaurant.|Where will you depart from?
I'm leaving from gonville hotel.|I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I want to leave at 12:00.|I have a blue honda with contact number 07255247278.
Ok thank you that is all I needed today. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Can you help me book a three star hotel with internet?|Which side of town are you interested in staying?
i suggest whale of time. i need its address, entrance fee and postcode|Sorry, I didn't understand your last request. I understand that you're looking for a 3 star hotel with internet. Is there a certain area you are interested in staying?
I want a particular one called whale of a time, can you find that?|Yes! Would you like their information?
Yes please, could i get their address, postcode and entrance fee if they have one?|Whale of a Time is located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their postcode is cb238el. Their entrance fee is not listed.
I am also interested  in finding a 4 star guesthouse type hotel in the moderate price range with free wifi.|There are several However I need to know how long your stay is going to be when and for how many please?
I am not booking a room yet I just need information.  Please make a suggestion and provide the address.|There are 11 results but the first listing is a and b guest house located at 124 tenison road.
I will also need a taxi to commute please.|To clarify, you'd like a taxi from Whale of a Time to A and B Guest House, correct? What time would you like the taxi?
From A and B Guest House at 01:00 to Whale of a Time, please.|Sure, lookout for a black Tesla contact number 07230031614. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, can you help?|Do you have an attraction type preference?
Yes, I would like to see a museum. Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee for it?|I have 23 places. What area would you prefer to be in?
I have no particular area preference. Can you list a few for me to select from?|There is Cafe Jello Gallery in the west, Cambridge Artworks in the east and Broughton House Gallery in the centre.  Does any of those sound appealing?
Yes could I have their postcode and entrance fee?|Cafe jello gallery postcode is cb30af and the entrance is free, is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant Yu Garden.|Here is the address 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Can you give me more information about Yu Garden.|Of course! It is a chinese cuisine restaurant located in the east. Anything else you would like to know?
Just the price range and postal code please.|Their price range is expensive and the postcode is cb58pa.  Are you sure that is all you needed?
that is it. thank you for helping me|You're welcome! Enjoy your visit!
Hey, is there any good italian food on the eastside?|There is pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like the address?
Sure, and also what is the phone number?|their phone number is 01223323737 and are situated 	Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58wr
Thank you. I also need information on  sidney sussex college|their phone number is 01223338800 and are located on sidney street, postcode cb23hu and admission is free.
I'd like to book a taxi to corpus  christi|Sure! when do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave after 3:30 please.|Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be departing from prezzo. Please let me know what type of car the taxi is and their contact number. Thank you!|You are booked on a black bmw with the contact number 07721719862.
Thank you so much for all of your help! Have a good day.|Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well. If you need anything else we'll be here to help.
I'd like to find the Lensfield Hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is location on 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en. Would you like to look at booking a room?
Yes please I will be there three nights. Send me a reference number please.|Sure, I can do that.  Can you let me know what days you would like to stay?
I'll be there on Tuesday.|You're all set; your reference number is:  0IKY6DF0. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town.|Should it be in the same area of town as the hotel?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre of town.|adc theatre fits those criteria. Would you  like more information on it?
I need their entrance fee and phone number.|I do not know the entrance fee but the phone number is 01223300085.
I will give the theatre a call, thanks. I also need help with a taxi between the hotel and the theater, please.|and for what time please?
I want to leave by 8:15.|Your taxi reservation on a blue Skoda was successful. The contact number is 07066636790.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on a placed called riverboat georgina.|Hello. The Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area at the Jubilee House. The phone number is 01223902091. Can I answer anything else for you?
What type of attraction is it? And the address?|Riverboat Georgina is a boat, their office is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the north that serves african food|I have nothing African in that area. do you have another choice ?
I guess Indian food would work .|There are 2 one is moderately priced and one is cheap. Which do you prefer?
How about the moderately priced one. I will need their postcode and phone number as well.|Okay. Their phone number is 01223360966. The postcode is cb41uy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to The Riverboat Georgina and I would need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.|What time would you like to arrive by?
When does the Riverboat Georgina depart? I'd like to have time to walk around the area and explore a bit.|I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
I also need to find a restaurant in the north serving African food.|I'm afraid that I did not find any. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
I'm sorry, you already located an Indian restaurant. You gave me the post code and phone number. What is the name of the restaurant?|The restaurant is named the nirala.
Great! Now I just need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the boat. I want to leave the restaurant by 12:30.|You're gonna be expecting a black lexus . Their contact number is 07528633528
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Have a great day also. Take care. Goodbye.
Hi there! I'd like to book a taxi please. Can you help me with that?|I certainly can. When and where would you like to be picked up?
From chiquito restaurant bar.|Could you tell me when you would like to leave by and where from?
I'd like to arrive at Saint Barnabas Press Gallery by 19:15, and I'm leaving from CHiquito Restaurant Bar.|Great! Look for a yellow toyota to pick you up. The contact number is 07004136407. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all.  Thank you for your help.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, and thank you again.|You are welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.
I'm looking for something to do in the Centre.|The centre is very popular. Is there a certain kind of attraction you are interested in?
I would like to try local restaurants.|great, any cuisine you're craving?
Actually the restaurant I have in mind is  shanghai family restaurant.|Great.  Shanghai Family Restaurant is moderately priced and located in the centre area of the city.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it for friday for 6 people at 15:00.|Booked it for you!  Your reference number is: D6X7SUKP.  They will reserve your table for 15 minutes.
Can you help me book a taxi to the restaurant?|What is your departure site, and what time would you like the taxi?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.|Great are you arriving from a hotel, an attraction or perhaps the police station or hospital?
I will be arriving from the train.|Ok.  I booked  a taxi from the cambridge train station arriving at the restaurant in time for you 15:00 reservation.  Is that correct?
I need the contact number and car type.|The car type is grey ford and the number is 07121585263. Would that be all?
Yes that's all I needed.|Okay, I hope you enjoy your stay!
Hello I am looking for a restaurant called J restaurant|J restaurant is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. It is cheap and located at 86 Regent Street City Centre.
That sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 2 for Sunday at 13:15?|Absolutely, your reservation's been made. Your reference number is YAHBIZR5. Can I help you with something else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi.|There are several hotels of that nature. What is your price range?
I'm looking for something cheap with free parking.|Hotel allenbell is what I found that is cheap and has parking.
Could you get the postcode for Hotel Allenbell for me?|The postcode is cb13js.  Would you like to get a room reserved?
Yes, please reserve the room.|What day will you be checking in, and how many will you stay for?  I assume it is for 2 people?
Actually, on second thought. I should book it later. But, can you book me a taxi from Allenbell to J Restaurant. I need to be there by 13:15.|Your taxi was booked! The car type will be blue ford and the contact number is 07646890093.
Thanks, I think that's all I need. Could you just confirm whether the Allenbell is a Hotel or a Guest House?|Allenbell is a guesthouse.
Thank you. That will be everything today. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to find a hotel in the center with free wifi included in their rates.|I've found 5 hotels. How about El Shaddai?
Sorry, I should mention that I'm looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating. Would the El Shaddai still be appropriate?|Yes it is. Would you like more information or help booking a stay?
Yes. Please book a stay for 7 people. We need to stay 3 nights, starting on Thursday.|I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try and book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Can I try to book for 1 night then?|I was able to book that for one night. Your reference number is TIYZB85M. Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please tell me how to get to the restaurant Saffron Brasserie from the hotel?|Would you like for me to book you a taxi that will pick you up from the hotel and take you to the restaurant
No thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at 15:15 on Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is UE2PF54A.
On second thought, I do want to book a taxi to Saffron Brasserie in time for my table. Can you provide the contact number and car type?|Sure. The taxi will be a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07810050252. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find some local restaurants to dine in during my visit to Cambridge?|Certainly, do you have an area, pricerange, or food type?
Something near the attraction primavera would be nice. Where is that located?|The Primavera is located in the centre area.  I'll be happy to find a restaurant in that area for you.  What type of food would you like?
What is the phone number for The Primavera?|The Primavera can be reached at 01223357708
I also want to dine at a moderate restaurant in the center area.|What price range are you looking for?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|I would suggest the varsity restaurant.
I need it for 1 on 11:30 Tuesday.|Okay, I've made the reservation for 1 at the varsity restaurant on tuesday at 11:30. The reference number is AXLJBTF7
I also want a taxi to go between those two places.|Ok great and what times do you prefer?
I don't care about the departure time, I just need to be at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your are all set, look for a grey volkswagon, if there are issues, the driver can be reached at 07015859463, can I assist with anything else?
That is all thanks.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Hi there, I'm looking for information on Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop.|That restaurant is locates in centre and is on 40270 king street in city centre. Their phone number is 01223505015.
Sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 1 on Saturday at 13:00?|Your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A88AJSR3.
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a cool place to visit in town, maybe a theatre?|We have five excellent theatres in town, located in the centre and the south.
Can you give me the address, phone number and postcode for one in the centre area?|adc theatre can be called at 01223300085. Their postcode is cb58as, and their address is park street. Anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|Sure,  i can book a taxi for you.  Where would you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the theatre.|I'd be happy to help with your request, what time would you like picked up?
I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 13:00.|Your all set a grey bmw will be picking you up the contact number is 07421029087, anything else today?
what time will the taxi arrive?|13:00 can i do anything else ?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
Do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve The Americas cuisine?|No, sorry. Would you like to try searching for a different location or cuisine?
how about one that serves modern European food?|There are 4 places that server Modern European cuisine in Centre.  Do you have a particular price range in mind or would you like a suggestion?
Price doesn't matter. I would like to book a table for 7 people at 13:00 on Sunday.|I made you a reservation for 7 on Sunday at 13:00 at riverside brasserie. Your reference is DYYUTE3X and the table will be held for 15 minutes
Thank you, that is nice.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for somewhere to visit in the same area as the restaurant.|I have found 44 attractions in the area you will be at. Do you have a specific thing you would like to do?
I would love to look at Cambridge's architecture. Is this possible?|Great, I recommend All Saints Church in the centre. They offer free admission. Would you like more info?
Can you tell me their address?|The address is jesus lane
I will a taxi also to make sure I get to the restaurant on time.|I booked a taxi from All Saints Church to Riverside Brasserie arriving before your reservation. It is a red BMW and the contact number is 07880762329.
Thanks so much.  That will be all for today. Take care.|Thank you and enjoy your time with us!
I'm looking for a restaurant serving sri lanken food in the south.|Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that offer sri lankan food. Is there a different type of cuisine you want to try?
How about a chinese restaurant?|I have 3 chinese restaurants in the south. The lucky star is a favorite of mine.
That sounds good, can I get the address, phone number and price range please?|The phone is 01223244277and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Would you like to book a table now?
Could I get a price range for the restaurant first? Could I also get a short list of nearby attractions to the restaurant you recommend?|I'm sorry, it's in the cheap price range. Nearby you have Cineworld Cinema, Nusha, Tenpin, Byard Art, The Place, The Junction, and two parks. Did you want to book that table?
I'd like to find a attraction in the same area of town as the restaurant.  Can I get the attraction type and entrance fee?|cineworld cinema is a cinema, and there is no information available on the entrance fee. The phone number is, 00872208000 if you'd like to call them to find out.
Ok I need to get a taxi|What is your departure and arrival sites?
I'm going from the  cinema to the restaurant.  I want to leave the cinema by 16:30.|For how many people?
It will only be me.|Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is 07650851838.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's going to be it, thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Saffron Brasserie. What can you tell me about it?|It is a indian restaurant in the centre area.  It is expensive and the phone number is 01223354679. Do you need reservations?
Yes please make a reservation for two.  Also provide me with a postcode and phone number.  Thank you!|Please specify the day and time you want your booking to be made.
I think I will book it myself instead, can I get the phone number and post code so I can though?|Yes the postcode is cb21la and the phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the centre area.|There are five in the area.  Did you have any specific requirements you were looking for?
No could you recommend one please?|How about Downing college on Regent Street?  It's free and located in the centre area.
That sounds great. Can you book me a taxi to go between the two?|I am getting the info in, I need a time of day though to get a taxi.
I would like to leave downing college by 06:45.|The taxi has been booked. The taxi taking you to your destination will be a red Toyota. The number to contact them is 07987423433. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks a bunch!|I'm glad I was able to help today!
I need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you|Allenbell is cheap and has free internet.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range actually.|Archway House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the North. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book the Archway House.|I'd be happy to book for you. How many people will be staying, what is your arrival day, and how many nights are you staying?
I will be arriving on tuesday and I need to book the room for four nights for three people.|Ok. I've booked that guesthouse for you. Your reference number is YBT4JRTR. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the centre. That would be just wonderful if you could help me out with that!|There are several moderately priced restaurant in the centre area. Would you like a certain type of food?
I'd like an Italian restaurant, please.|Pizza express Fen Ditton would be perfect for you guys then! Would you like more information or for me to book that for you?
Yes, just give me the address please.|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15 and I would like to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|Not a problem! I booked a taxi to depart the restaurant by 11:15. The car type is a blue skoda and the contact number is 07621131070.
Thank you very much! That's all I need today!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, I would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 0 stars.|There aren't any 0 star hotels in Cambridge. Would you be interested in a different place to stay?
Are there any 0 star ratings in the west?  I'm looking for a cheap hotel basically!|I have the cambridge belfry in west. It is a 4 star but cheap price.
Yes, I think that might be a good choice. Can you make a booking for me?|Yes can i get your booking information please.
I am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. And I want it to be cheap in the west. Can you check that?|we got none in that class. maybe you should look up the 4 star one.
I am sorry. I would not mind one that is in the centre, cheap, and 0 star. Can we try that?|There is a guesthouse in the centre which has 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It is called el shaddai. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you book for 2 nights, 6 people starting Tuesday?  I need a reference number.  Looking to get modern American food in same area and price range.|Your room has been booked. The reference number is K4CLW7QT.
I also need a restaurant. Same area as the hotel please.|What type of food would you like?
Is there any modern American restaurant?|Im not showing any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area or type of cuisine?
Can you check for an Italian restaurant instead?|We have nine choices, any preferences on price?
I'm looking for a cheap place.|I can recommend ask.
Then I would like to make a reservation for 6 people for Tuesday at 16:00.|Great! Your reservation was successful and your reference number is SY7C0RH7.
Hi, I am planning a trip.  Have you heard of a particular hotel?  I think it is called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Yes, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 138 Perne Road.  Very nice and clean place.
Great! I need reservations for 3 people, for 3 nights, beginning on Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KYWFGUNH.
Thank you. I also need to find an attraction in the Centre. Can you help me with that.|I sure can! There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preferred type?
Can you pick one for me and give me the address ?|All Saints Church is an architecture interest and has free admission. It is located on Jesus Lane.
Can you arrange for a taxi to pick me up at the Church at 15:15 and take me to the hotel? I'll need car type and contact number|The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07570056398.
Thank you so much, that is everything that i need|I hope you have a great time.
I need a hotel with free wifi.|Do you have any other criteria?
It needs to be four star, but on the cheaper range, and free parking doesn't need to be included.|We have several good guesthouses that meet your criteria. Or do you prefer a hotel?
Either is fine. Which one is your favorite?|I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Great that sounds like a plan.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Is that a guesthouse?|yes that is a guesthouse
Okay, great. I'm also looking for attractions in the west.|There are 13 attractions in the west. Any particular type that you would like?
What attraction do you suggest?|How about Clare Hall, a college?
That sounds good.  Is there an entrance fee?|The entry fee is 2.50 pounds.
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332360. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. I want to leave the attraction by 05:30. What is the car type and contact number please.|I have booked a blue Tesla, the number is 07770229036
that will be it for today and thanks for your help|i am glad i have been of help to you
You bet. This is the end.|Thanks for using our service today.
I need a taxi that leaves from funky fun house and arrives by 06:15|Certainly. What is your destination?
My destination is Curry Garden.|ok it is a white audi and the contact number is 07088332164
Thank you.  That is all I need right now.  Good bye.|Glad to be of help! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre in the moderate price range.|We have 21 options using those requirements. Do you have a preference for any particular cuisine?
I really like British cuisine that is in the center of town.|One of my favorites that fits your preferences is The Oak Bistro.  There food is wonderful.  Is this a restaurant that you may be interested in?
Yes.  Are you able to make reservations for 4 people at 20:00 on Saturday?|I've made your booking. Your reference number is L6STCUZA. Is there anything else I can help with?
i also need a place to stay|Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|Great! Do you have a price range you'd like to stay in or a location that you prefer?
I'm looking for a place in the moderate price range and i need free parking.|the acorn guesthouse is nice, when will you planning your stay?
do they have free wifi? And I need their phone #|They do have free wifi and their phone number is  01223353888.  Is there anything else you need to know?
What area are they located in?|They're in the north end of town. Would you like to book a reservation?
No I'll take care of that later. But can you arrange a taxi for me? Going from the hotel to The Oak Bistro.|I'll need to know when you want to leave or arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant for my dinner reservation on Saturday.|I have you booked in a white audi to be at the Oak Bistro by 20:00. The cab contact number is 07934977306.
Ok, I think that's it. Thanks for your help.|You are most welcome.  Have a great day.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at?|Sure, do you prefer the west or the centre part of Cambridge?
I don't care about the area but I need it to be cheap with free wifi.|The cambridge belfry is available. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I need four nights starting Sunday, for two people.|Done! Your reference number is CU4LPL6C. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the city centre. maybe bistro food?|Sorry there are no restaurants in the centre of town serving bistro food.
Okay. What about one that serves seafood instead?|loch fyne is an expensive place that serves sea food. can we book?
Yes. Let's say 15:00 on the same day, with the same group of people.|Okay I have done that and their reference number is H2OPFSBQ.
Thanks, lastly, I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the hotel, I want to get there before the booked time.|Your taxi will be a red audi. Should you need to contact them, the number is 07971260313.
Thank you, have a nice day.|You're welcome. And thank you, you, too!
im looking for a place that serves morden european food and with a cheap price range|There is one restaurant that serves modern european at a cheap price, it is the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre of town.  Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table there for 1 on Friday at 11:45?|OK, you have a table for 1 at The River Bar, reference #G2XQJ7B5. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to go for some entertainment in the east. Any Recommendations?|How about the Funky Fun House on Mercers Row?
Sure, can you give me the address, phone number and entrance fee. Thanks.|You can call them at 01223304705. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. Their entrance fee is unlisted
Great, thanks for that. Are you able to also book me a taxi so I can commute between the two places?|Yes, what time are you wanting to leave?
Well before 11:45 to make sure I don't miss the reservation would be good.|I have reserved you a taxi. they will be in a blue audi with the phone number 07033607984 if there is any issues.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay, you are so welcome! Bye!
Please find a restaurant that serves Latin American food.|I'm sorry I couldn't find a Latin American restaurant is there another type of food you'd like?
Is there a British restaurant in the center of town?|There isn't, I'm sorry, could there be anything else?
Oh no, my friend told me there was a really great British place in the centre. Can you double check?|We have wonderful British restaurants in the center of town! My favorite is The Cambridge Chop House, but it's a little expensive.
Sounds great.  I want to book for 7 people on friday at 17:15.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BMZ45SHV. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the booking. Will you help me find an attraction in the centre near the restaurant? A swimmingpool would be ideal.|Parkside Pools is in that area. Their phone number is 01223446400.
Thanks, what is the address along with postcode? Also is there an entrance fee?|My computer is not showing anything regarding an entrance fee, I'm sorry about that. The address is Gonville Place, and the postcode is cb11ly. Anything else I can help you with?
That's alright. Can you book a taxi to take me from the pool to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me car type and contact number|I have booked a white tesla for you. Contact number: 07825756363. Does that take care of everything for you today, or did you want more help?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome Let us know if you need anything else.
I need a taxi, please. I need to arrive no later than 10:00, and I'm leaving from cambridge lodge restaurant.|May I ask your destination?
I'm going to cambridge book and print gallery.|You are booked for a black skoda with the contact number 07448493514.
Thank you so very much.  I am now finished.|okay. Have fun!
I'd like to book a taxi from Ask, departing after 19:15.|Could you tell me where your destination will be?
I need to go to rice house.|Could you tell me when you would like to arrive at Rice House?
It doesn't matter when I arrive at Rice House as long as the taxi leaves after 19:15.|You will be picked up by a black ford and the contact number is 07635928440. Anything else?
Nothing else.  Thanks so much for your help.  Bye.|Glad to be of help. Goodbye!
I want a hotel that has free parking.|There are several, got a price range, or area of town you'd like to stay in?
I want to stay in the northern part of town.|Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, please reserve a room.|I'd be happy to help with your request, but I'll need to know what day you're arriving, how many are staying and for how many nights?
Never mind. I want to know is this a guesthouse. If not I need one.|No its not but the Hamilton Lodge is one. would you like a room?
Sure.  Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number?  I also need an attraction in the same area of town.|The postcode for Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and their phone is 01223365664. They're in the moderate price range.
I also need a place to go in the same area as the hotel.|We have a couple swimming pools, a park, and a riverboat in the area, do you have a preference?
A park sounds nice. What are my options?|MIlton County Park is a favorite amongst locals and tourist in the north part of town.
That sounds wonderful! I will need a taxi to commute please.|Absolutely, what time do you prefer?
I want to leave Milton County Park by 06:15 to return to Hamilton Lodge, please.|I booked you a white tesla. In case you need to reach them, their number is 07906803720. Will that be all for today?
yes,that will do for now thanks|i am glad to help. Enjoy !
Thank you I don't need anything else, goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while I'm in Cambridge. Thanks.|I have 21 options for you. What area would you like to stay in?
It can be anywhere as long as it has a 4 star rating.|That narrows it down to 16. Do you care about the price?
I would like a moderate price range.|There are nine guesthouses what part of town would you like
I'm not concerned with the area - can you recommend a nice place that fits with what I'm looking for?|I think you would like the acorn guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I would like you to book it for me|What day would you like to stay on? And how many days? How many people?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is ODO9D763.
thanks for your help. i appreciate.|Is there anything else I could assist you with today?
no that is it for now. thanks for helping|It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 4 stars.|There are several options to choose from. Do you have a specific location or pricerange you would like?
No specific price or location. I'd like it to include free wifi, though.|I'd recommend arbury lodge guesthouse. It's a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced.
Okay, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number.|The address is 82 arbury, post code cb42je.  The phone number is 01223364319.
Thank you. I would also love some help finding a moderately priced italian restaurant.|What area would you like to be in?
Area does not matter.|How about prezzo, it is in the west? There are also Pizza Express's in the centre and Pizza Huts in the south and east.
The Prezzo sounds good. Can you tell me the address and postcode please?|Absolutely, the address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, and the postal code is cb30ad.
I Would like to get a taxi to the place as well.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 01:30 to go to the hotel. Please give me contact info and car type|A white BMW will pick you up by 1:30 from Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and take you to aprezzo. Their Contact number is. 07237218579. Anything else i can help with today?
Thank You that is all. Have a nice day|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for information on some places I can go when I am visiting soon.|There are lots of nice places. What would you like to do ?
I would like to go to a museum that you recommend. I will need the phone number please.|The Byard Art Museum is wonderful. Their phone number is 01223464646.
I also need some where to stay, 4 star.|There are three that meet your criteria. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please. Book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I'm sorry, which of the 3 would you like a reservation at?
I would like to book the cheapest one.|The cambridge belfry was cheapest so I reserved that one.
I probably need a reference number dont I?|Yes, your reference number is U4Z311TN. Can I help you with anything further today?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the attraction, leaving at 2:45.|I have booked you with a black volkswagen taxi. The phone number to contact is 07217220369 if there are any changes needing to be made later.
That was quickly handled. Thank you for your help. Goodbye now.|Have a lovely visit in Cambridge. Please use the TownInfo centre when you arrive. Goodbye.
Please find me a taxi? I'm at the el shaddai and I need to arrive by 21:15.|Okay. I will need your destination first.
I'm going to cocum.|I have a white bmv with a contact number of 07785490051.
That will be fine, thank you very much.|What else can I do for you today?
I am finished.  Thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel called The Cambridge Belfry. Can you help me with this?|Certainly. The Cambridge Belfry is located on the westside, address is back lane, cambourne, postcode cb236bw. The phone number is 01954714600. do you need more information?
Can I get the price range for the restaurant?|Did you mean the hotel? The price range for The Cambridge Belfry hotel is cheap.
Yes, thank you. I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the town centre.|I have one swimming pool in the centre area of town. It is called Parkside Pools. Is there any additional information I can get you for them?
I need to know the fee for Parkside Pools please.|I am sorry, but the info for the entrance fee in not available. Could I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please help me book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:15?|Alright, a black honda will pick you up from the hotel at 3:15. Your contact number is 07832092727.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Have a good day!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I need a hotel on the west side, please.|We have a couple options available to you, is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about price range, but I do want the hotel to have a 4 star rating and have free wifi.|I have the Huntingdon Marriott that is more expensive. Also, the Cambridge Belfry that is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me their post codes?|Huntingdon marriott post code is pe296fl and the cambridge belfry postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can assist you with today?
No. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I also need information on the maharajah tandoor restaurant please.|It is an expensive restaurant in the west area serving indian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at 16:00 on Wednesday.|I have completed the booking. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is KQLHM8ST.
Would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the Huntingdon Marriott to the Maharajah Tandoor?|Sure thing, what time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.|I have reserved you a blue tesla, Contact number	: 07639403969.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you for your help!|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, we are always here to help.
i want information about attractions in the centre|How about all saints church? It has free admission.
Sounds interesting. What is their phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me their postcode as well?|Sure. The postcode is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a really nice and expensive chinese place in town?|Okay! What area of town would you like to dine in?
I would like to be in the centre.|How about tang chinese? They are located at Napier Street City Centre.
Can you tell me their phone number?|Sure thing, here you go 01223357187
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I can help you with that. Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to go between All Saints Church and Tang Chinese by 2:30.|Let me find a taxi for you.
Any luck with the taxi yet?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07139106461
thanks thatnis it for today|Okay, no problem! I hope you have a great visit!
Hello, I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.|There are four pool options, any preference for area?
No, but could you tell me if they have any entrance fees.|I found 4 swimming pools, but there are not information about the entrance fee.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel that offers free parking?|I found 5 hotels with free parking. What area and stars do you prefer?
I don't care about the area, but it does need to be 4 stars, as I mentioned earlier.|I recommend Huntingdon Marriott, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the west.  They have free parking as requested.  Would you like me to book it?
No thank you, may I please get the postcode for Huntingdon Marriott?|Absolutely! Their post code is pe296fl. Can I be any further help to you?
Can you also find me a taxi to get to the two places?|I'm sorry. Where will you be departing from, and at what time?
I would like to leave the hotel at 24:30.|I have  you booked.  Your taxi is a yellow bmw contact number is 	07777787318.
.
Great! Thank you for all your help!|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry,  I actually am looking for the postcode of the cheaper hotel of the 5.  And a taxi from there instead.|Sure. The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap 4 star hotel. Postcode is cb236bw. Taxi is booked. Car is a black bmw and contact number is 07510940370.
Great, you've been a great help. Thank you.|I am very pleased to have helped you today.
I am looking for yippee noodle bar.|Yippee Noodle Bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 6 people at 16:15 on Thursday.|Got it! your reservation is confirmed for Thursday at 16:15 for 6 people. your reference number is C73DB4I8.
I'm also looking for places to go in town.|There are 79 different attractions in town. Do you have a specific area or type of attraction that you are looking for?
Yes, I'm very interested in visiting  a history museum. Is there a museum closer to the Yippee noodle bar or possibly within 5 to 8 miles is okay also|Broughton house gallery	is one in the centre of town, would that work?
Yes. Can I please get a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 16:15?|And where would you like to be picked up?
At the Broughton House Gallery, please|I have a car-a black Honda booked to pick you up at the Broughton House Gallery at 15:30. This is the driver's contact number 07749918641.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today!|Hace a great day!
I'm hoping you can help me find a particular attraction.|Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place called cambridge and county folk museum|Cambridge and country folk museum is located on the west area at 2-3 castle street postcode cb30aq.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the Meze Bar Restaurant please.|I have it here. What would you like to know?
Could you book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Monday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : JGNMHYR5.  Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I will also need a taxi to get from the attraction to restaurant.|Your booking was successful.  Your taxi will be a blue Audi and the contact number is 07434215242.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you that's all I needed today.|Have a nice day and enjoy your trip!
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge.|do you have any constraints regarding cost or quality?
I am looking fro something cheap with a 0 star rating.|How does El Shaddai sound? It is a cheap guesthouse with 0 stars located centrally. It includes both free wifi and free parking?
I would like to book a hotel.|There are no cheap hotels with 0 stars in the centre. Would you like to book cityroomz? It is a hotel that has 0 stars and it is moderately priced.
Cityroomz will be fine. I need a room for 2 nights starting Thursday. There will be a total of 8 guests.|I'm sorry, the book was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try for another date or a shorter stay?
How about for only a one night stay?|Sadly I couldn't book Cityroomz. But I was able to book Alexander Bed and Breakfast a 4 star guesthouse for an even cheaper rate for one night with 8 guests.
Thank you! What is the reference number?|Your reference number is 6MYWN42P.
I would also like to know about fun things to do in town. What types of entertainment is available near the hotel?|There is no entertainment in the centre would you like to look for another type of attraction?
In that case can you tell me the address of some of the colleges in the area?|We have Gonville and Caius College on Trinity Street, Emmanuel College on Saint Andrew's Street, and Downing College on Regent Street.
Can you give me the full address for Downing College please?|Downing College is on Regent Street with the postal code cb21dq. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks, but I'd like to book a taxi between the two locations, please.|Okay, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave my hotel no later than 17:15.|Great! I have a yellow honda set to pick you up. The contact number is 07441052837
Thank you! That's all I need today. You've been very helpful.|Glad to be of service!
Can you tell me about architectural attractions on the west side?|Yes, we have so many interesting architectural attractions. Do you have any particular area in mind?
Yes, I'm looking for something in the west.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything architectural in the west. Would you like me to try a different area or attraction type?
Alright could you tell me about the museums in the West?|There are 7 museums in the west, do you have a preference of what you'd like to see?
Can you recommend one? I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number too.|The cambridge book and print gallery is at 49 newnham road. It is a nice, free museum. The phone number is 01223694264. Anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in a hotel called Alpha-Milton guest house. I need to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|I've got you booked at the Alpha-Milton Guest House, and your reference number is T1JSFDDI.
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:45. get contact number and car type|You are all set, look for a black Audi, they can be reached by phone at 07657880984.  Is there anything else that I can assist with?
No that is everything I need. Thank you.|Thank you, hope you have a fun trip!
Im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi|I have found several possibilities for you.  Do you have any particular area you would like to stay in?
In the south would be better.|I have two in the moderate price range and one that is in a lower price range. Do you have a preference as far as that goes?
I don't care about the price range, I just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the south.|I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast located at 53 Roseford Road.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Does it have free parking?|Yes this guesthouse has free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
No, but I would like the address, postcode and phone number please|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast address is 53 roseford road , postcode cb22ha, and phone 01223512596. Can I look anything else up for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant called nandos city centre, can I have more info  on that?|Nando's City Centre is a great portuguese restaurant that is cheap and is located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation. But can I get their postcode please?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 14:30.|Can I get a destination for the taxi please?
Nando's City Centre restaurant please|I have booked your ride. Your car type is a black Honda and your contact number is 07917232532. Is there anything else you need?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you have a great day!
I need a place to dine in the center that serves modern European food.|We have 4 different places. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Can any of them accommodate a table of 3 at 19:00 on Sunday?|I was able to book de luca cucina and bar LPZ329U9
That's great. Thank you so much.|Glad I was able to help. Do you need anymore help today?
I would also like to find a 3 star hotel that includes parking. Can you help me with that?|Sure. The Gonville Hotel is located in the centre and the Lensfield Hotel is in the south. Would you like me to book a stay?
Yes please. I would prefer to stay in the center.|When would you like to check in at The Gonville Hotel?
I need it for four nights starting on Sunday for three people please.|Done! Your reference number is ISXF46BT. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a restaurant i am looking for? Its name is the Rice Boat.|That's an excellent choice!  When will you be dining?
First, could you tell me what type of food is served?|The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine.
Thankyou.  Can you help me find a attraction called the place?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. The address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me how much the entrance fee is please?|I'm sorry I do not have an entrance fee listed. Perhaps you could call them to check.
Okay and what was the postcode for The Place? I also need a taxi ride from the rice boat to the place.|The postcode for The Place is CB23HG.
Thanks. Can you arrange a taxi from The Rice Boat to The Place? I'll need to leave by 23:30. Please provide the contact number and car type for the taxi please.|Certainly. I've booked you a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07181629943.
That's all I need, thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today. Please let us know if you need further assistance in the future.
Can you get me information on a restaurant called j restaurant?|It's an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, I need a table for 3 people.|Excellent, and what day and time?
sunday at 12 please|Reference number is : EZ8L6J51. Anything else?
are their any swimming pools in the east?|Yes, there is a swimming pool at Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, just give me the postal code and entrance fee.|Sure! the postcode is cb68nt and the entrance fee is not known.
I would also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant|I can take care of that for you. Do you have a time you plan on leaving the pool?
I just need it to arrive to the restaurant before our reservation.|Your taxi is booked. The contact number is 07780999958 and it will be a white toyota picking you up. Is there anything else you need?
No thanks. I got everything I needed. Take care. Bye.|I hope you have everything you need.
I'm looking for a swimming pool please.|What side of town would you like that to be on?
Could you make it the south side of town please.|i see no swimming pools in that area would you like me to search another area
What about an entertainment attraction?|Sure, the Tenpin is located in the south, at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way.  Would you like to know anything in particular about it?
Could I get the phone number and postcode?|The Tenpin phone number is 08715501010 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please. I'd like to find a good Malaysian restaurant located in the same area as this Tenpin place. Something on the pricey side. What would you suggest?|Unfortunately, there are no malaysian restaurants in that area. Would you like to try a different area or different cuisine?
In that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine in the area?|Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the South. It is an expensive Mexican restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, can you book one for 4 on Thursday at 19:15? And I need the reference as well please.|your booking was successful and your reference number is U6O638TB.
Great I also need a taxi between the two places please that will get to the restaurant by the reservation time.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07984383543. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|you are welcome.
i want to book a taxi.|Where would you like to go?
I want to get to The Ghandi.|Where will the taxi be picking you up at and what time do you wish to arrive at the Ghandi?
It should pick me up from Leverton House  at whatever time is necessary to get me there by 01:45.|I have booked a white Tesla to pick you up at the Leverton House, and will take you to the Ghandi before 01:45. The contact number is 07484372393. Is that all?
Great!! That is all for now, thank you so much.|Happy to be of service -- goodbye!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the west. Can you help me out?|I can, what type of food are you looking for?
We were thinking we would like some Asian Oriental food, if available.|There are no asian oriental places in that area of town. Would you like a different type of food?
What about British food in that part of town?|In british cuisine, you have three choices. Saint John's Chop House is moderately priced, while Graffiti and Travellers Rest are expensive.
Let me try Graffiti out. Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at 17:45?|Your table is booked. Reference number is I8UTT26J.
cool, i need a place to stay, too.|What side of town would you like to stay on?
I don't really care.  I do need free wifi, but parking doesn't really matter.|What is your price range?
I would like a three star place, if you have one.|Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins.
Reference number is : I8UTT26J.
I would like to find a 3 star guesthouse that has free parking. I would need the area it is in and a phone number.|If you'd like to stay near the hotel, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west. It is moderately priced and has free parking. Would you like information on that?
Do you mean that it is close to the restaurant? Can you give me the phone number?|Sorry, yes, that is what I meant.  The phone number is 01223304906.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
No, thank you. I do need to book a taxi from the hotel that arrives at the restaurant by the reservation time, though, please.|Ok, I've got you a cab from hobsons house to graffiti, arriving by 17:45. The car is a yellow lexus.
Contact number	:	07292320210
thank you for your help. That's all I need today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern global food.|I have not located any restaurants that serve modern global food, would you like me to locate a restaurant that serves a different food type?
Well, that is disappointing but maybe we could try italian.|i got five. any specific area you prefer?
Centre of town please. I need to book a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thuesday.|Okay, that narrows your choices to three: Pizza Hut City Center, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Any preference?
Zizzi Cambridge sounds good, can you book that please?|Sure thing, I will work on this and be back with you shortly.
When you're done working on it please give me a reference number for my records|Unfortunately, I can't book anything without some more information from you. I would need to know the day and time you'd like to dine, as well as the number of people.
I need a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thursday.|I have booked your reservation. The reference number is UJEGRKNM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to go in the south.|The south is lively with cinema, entertainments, a museum, nightclub, parks and theatre. What appeals to you?
Are there any multiple sports arenas?|Not in the south. I have them in other areas of the city. Would you be interested in another area or another type of attraction in the south?
I want to find a cheap guesthouse to stay in.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would you like to try that?
Does it have free parking?|And free Wifi, interested?
Yes can you book me a room and send me a reference number?|Sure, what nights were you wanting to stay?
I was hoping to stay for 4 nights starting tuesday.|How many rooms do you need?
Two rooms, and the reference number after booking. Also wanting an entertainment attraction in the centre. If nothing is available, then a park would be fine.|Where would you like the hotel to be located in town?
I've already picked the Alexander bed and breakfast. I need a reservation for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 28D4Y8J7.
Thank you I also am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is entertainment.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any entertainment style attractions in the center. Would you like to check a different area?
Do you have any parks instead?|cambridge university botanic gardens located at bateman street and entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you arrange a taxi to get me from the Alexander B&B to the Botanic Gardens? I want to leave the Alexander by 05:00.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07054308445 and it will be a blue Lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap Italian restaurant.|How about Pizza Hut City Centre?  I hear it is very good.
I s it located in the north?|No, that one was in the Centre.  But, da vinci pizzeria is in the north
Da Vinci Pizzeria is fine can you book a table for one for Monday at 12:00?|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, what about the reference number?|My system is down and I am unable to book at the moment.  Here is their # 01223351707 or we can try again later.  Sorry for inconvenience.
Wow, really? Could you try again please?|My apologies, this is actually a system issue and i cannot book.   I have reported in, in the meantime do you need other information?
I will try back later for the reference number. Could you find me a place to stay that is near the restaurant?|There are several in the moderate to cheap range. Do you have a star preference?
no stars would work for me.|I would recommend city centre north b and b. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a guesthouse with 0 stars?|Yes they are a guesthouse with a 0 star rating in the north area.
Okay, great. Please book that for me then. It'll be 1 person for 2 nights|What day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Monday.|You are booked into city center north b and b with reference number O1TNBPLU. You are also booked  at da vinci pizzeria, reference number QLKCDA7V.
I also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by my reservation time.|I have booked you with a yellow bmw with the contact number 07383383242. Is there anything else I can help with today?
.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T4EHQENA. Anything else.|I wish you safe travels. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
i want to book a taxi|I would be happy to help. What are your departure and destination sites, and what time?
I would like to leave the Leverton House after 08:00 to go to the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant.|Booked! Your car is a black volvo. Contact number: 07380094079
Thanks for all your help that would be all.|Glad we could be of assistance. Thank you
Yes I am looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|We have 3 hotels in the centre of town. Did you want a moderately priced one or an expensive hotel?
Price doesn't matter and I don't need internet. I do however need free parking.|In that case, I recommend the University Arms Hotel, a 4-star place on regent street.
That sounds good, let's go with that one.|I can book that for you. How many people will be staying? How many nights do you want to stay?
I would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from Wednesday, please.|Your room is booked, ref# KHHJBQSZ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also would like to find some places to go in the area of the hotel.|We're fortunate to have a wide variety of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any specific interests today?
I think I would like it to be of the multiple sports type.|Unfortunately there are no multiple sports attractions in the center. Please consider changing the attraction type or area.
Are there any theatres near the University Arms Hotel?|There are four theatres in tat area, I recommend the mumford theatre.
Okay, can I please have the postcode?|Of course, it's cb11pt.
Thanks! I'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and I'll need to leave the theatre by 07:30, please.|I've booked it and the car you're looking for is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07609359169. Is there anything else?
That's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I want to find a chinese restaurant in the east. Do you know of any?|There is one, Yu Garden, and it is expensive. Does that appeal to you?
Sure, can I please have the phone number?|Phone is 01223248882. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thanks, but I would like to find a place to stay. I need a 4-star place with free parking.|I have about 19 hotels that are 4 star. May i know your preferred area, type and budget so i can narrow down the search for you to choose from.
I do want a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I would like someplace expensive.|great! there are two options for you. huntingdon marriott hotel or university arms hotel
Let's go with the university arms hotel. I'd like it for 2 people starting sunday. We'd like to stay for 3 nights.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : K9LY95GD. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
nope that is all thanks for all of your help!|Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called La Margherita.|Sure, it's a cheap Italian place in the west at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af. Their phone is 01223315232. How else may I assist you?
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the centre.|I'm sorry, I couldn't find anything like that in the centre.
How about a theatre type?|How about the ADC Theatre? It's located in centre. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the address?|The adc theatre address is park street post code is cb58as
I would also like to find and expensive, 4 star place to stay.|Would you like the hotel to also be in the centre area? We have one in centre and one in the west area.
In the same area as the attraction please. So I guess centre|I have the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, 6 people for three nights starting on tuesday.|your all set! reference number is YE34VAVO. Anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.|What time would you like to leave and or arrive?
i want to drive by 05:00. Contact number and car type, please.|Your booking is completed, a blue bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is: 07241940832.  Do you need any further assistance today?
That was all I needed.  Thanks so much!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge
Hello! I need a guesthouse to stay in, and I really need it to include free parking for my van. Can you help?|I sure can! There are 21 guesthouses in the city that include free parking. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Yes, in the south, please, and someplace with 4 stars.|aylesbray lodge guest house is available and is 4 stars, would you like me to book this for you?
Perfect! I'll need a room for 5 people on thursday. We'll be staying for 3 nights.|You are booked into aylesbray lodge guest house. Your reference number is 744K1A1E. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go. Are there any museums in town?|The Byard Art is a museum in the south located at 14 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj. Phone number 01223464646 and best yet, it is free!
Thanks, you've been extremely helpful. That's all I needed!|Great! Let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
I am at Sidney Sussex College. I need to book a taxi to take me to Ely Train Station.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 17:15.|Your booking is complete! It will be a red Honda. The taxi contact number is 07850259093.
I think that is all, Thank you good bye.|Glad I could help, you have a great day, bye.
Hey, any entertainment type places in this town?|Yes, the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and Funky Fun House are in the east, the south has Tenpin as well as Nusha, and Whale of a Time in the west.
Could I get the Cherry Hinton Hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?|You might have to call, I do not have an entrance fee listed. The number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.
I am also looking for information on the ashley hotel.|What information can I provide for you?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. For 5 people, please.|I was able to book it, reference number 6BIQ6UWS
Great!  That was all I needed.|Hope you have a great trip!
I'm looking for a place called gonville hotel.|The Gonville is an elegant 3 star hotel in the centre of town, offering free wifi and free parking. Would you like a reservation or the number?
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|All set. Your reference number is  P10CUJQ2.
Thank you. I also need a place to eat in the city centre.|Ok.  What type of restaurant are you interested in?
I'm looking for a cheap Indian restaurant.|Can I recommend the kohinoor. Shall I book it ?
What is the phone number, address, and postcode?|Kohinoor restaurant  address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,  postcode is cb12as and the phone number is 01223323639
Can you please help me get a taxi?|I need to know when you want to leave and arrival time in order for me to order you a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel by 08:15 going to the restaurant.|blue skoda
Contact number	:	07053589039
 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Great. Have a good day.
Hi, I am looking for a hotel called the Acorn Guest House.  Could I get the address?|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. It's a 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Great. I need to make a reservation starting on Saturday.|And how many nights would you like to stay?
5 nights starting from saturday.|And how many people will be staying?
6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Your reservation for 5 people at the acorn guest house this saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ME1D0S58.
Thanks so much. Can you tell me the address for a place called Castle Galleries?|The address for Castle galleries is Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street.
Great.  I would like a taxi to pick me up there at 21:00.|Will you be heading to the hotel?
Yes, I would like to head to and from the attraction.|Alright, I have a red skoda scheduled to pick you up.  The contact number is 07634294072.  Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should do it. Thanks much, goodbye!|Let us know if you need further help. Good bye.
I need a taxi from The Man on the Moon to Bangkok City, please.|Ok, what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 5:00.|I've booked a car for you, a yellow bmw, the contact number is 07412002966.
Thank you, goodbye.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I need information about places to stay that have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi.|There are many options available for you. In what area would you like to be located?
I  don't mind the area.|I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. It's 4 stars, but cheap!
What's the address there, please.|The address is 517a coldham lane. Do you need anything else?
i need to go eat|Did you need help finding information on restaurants?
Yes, I'd like something cheap in the centre.|i have 15 cheap restaurants in that area. what is your preferred food?
I don't have a preference for food. Anything is fine. Just cheap and in the Centre.|I recommend the golden house, if you like Chinese. I'd be happy to book a table for you.
Book table for 3 saturday at 19:30 and need reference number. I want a taxi to go between the guesthouse and restaurant in time for reservation. Contact number & car type?|Ok, your reference number for the restaurant is CFR1XESP. Before I move on, did you need anything else regarding dining?
Thank you! No, I just need to get a taxi that arrives before my reservation time, please.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving the hotel|Booked. The Taxi will be a blue volvo and the contact number: 07653266113
Thank you so much for your help. I think that's all I need right now.|welcome all the time
Thanks so much! Have a great day!|Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a place called Bridge Guest House. Can you help me?|OK, it is a 3-star moderately priced guesthouse in the south. It offers free parking and WiFi to guests. Do you need more info?
No, that's all I need.|its available shall i book it for you ?
No thank you. But can you tell me if there's a restaurant called cocum in town?|Yes, there is. It's an expensive indian restaurant in the west. Did you need a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation, please? Can we make it for Saturday at 16:00 for 7 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P98ZTJBU. anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a good day and enjoy your visit!
I am wanting to go to the theatre. Are there any in the centre of town?|The adc theatre is located on Park Street.  There are a few others as well.
The adc theatre sounds perfect. Could I get the postcode and phone number please?|Absolutely - the ADC's postcode is cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 0. It doesn't need to include free internet.|There are 3 places to stay in Cambridge that have star ratings of 0, but they all include internet. Would you prefer a cheap or moderately priced hotel/guesthouse?
I don't care about the price, but I would like a place in the centre of town with free parking.|I have the perfect place for you. It's called the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is on the cheap side and includes free parking and wifi. Can I interest you in it?
Is El Shaddai in the centre of town?|It sure is.  Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes can you reserve for two nights beginning May 18th?|Absolutely. How many people do you need a booking for?
I need to book for three people.|With the greeting  customer wanted to get information about theatre and hotel in the center of the city with free parking and free wii fii and not bothered about price.
Are there any places that serve Christmas food? I heard there might be something like that around here.|I am sorry I do not see any place that serves Christmas food.  Would you like me to look for a different type of food?
How about some Chinese food?|I have a lot of choices for Chinese food. What price range were you looking for? Or area?
No preference, just pick a nice one and provide me with the name and phone number please.|Yu Garden is excellent. Their phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, so their number is 01223244149? Is there any Chinese attractions around the same area as the Yu Garden?|There are no Chinese attractions in town. Is there a different type of attraction that you are looking for?
How about a boat attraction?|There is one boat attraction in the east near Yu Garden called Camboats, located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their number is 01223902112. Anything else?
Can you book my a taxi between the two? I want to leave Camboats for Yu Garden by 8:30.|Your taxi is booked and it will be a yellow tesla. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!|Also, just in case you need it the contact number for the taxi is Contact number 07633485095. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Hello, i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the cambridge area close to local attractions.  I don't need internet or parking.  Can you help?|All the lodging I have found offers internet and parking. Would that be ok?
That is perfect, I was looking for free parking as it was.|Is there a particular part of Cambridge you are hoping to stay in?
I'm looking for a place in the cheap price range with free parking.|I think the Allenbell would be a good fit. Would you like a reservation?
Does it also have free wifi?|Yes it does have Wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, book one night please.  What is the star rating by the way?  Also what parks are in the west area?|its a 4-star.  from which day should i book?
Actually, I'm not quite ready to book yet. But I am looking for parks in the west part of town. What are my options there?|I don't show any parks in the west.  Would you like to try another attraction?
Can you look for a nice museum instead?|There's 7 museums in the west and I highly recommend the cafe jello gallery. Would you like more information?
I'd like the postcode and phone number of that gallery please.|The cafe jello gallery is at  13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Phone number 01223312112
Can you book me a taxi as well?|Sure, what time would you like to leave and where from?
I want to leave the museum by 23:00.|Can you specify your destination?
I want to go from the Allenbell to the Cafe Jello Gallery. I want to leave the museum by 23:00.|Booking completed! The booked car type is a yellow skoda and your contact number	is 07590574334. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that should be all for today, thanks!|no problem. I have changed your booking. Your new taxi would be a black volkswagen and its contact number is 07276925880. Is that everything?
Thank you that's all i need!|You're welcome. Have a good time!
I am looking for a place to dine in the south it needs to be cheap as well.|I have 2 different options that are cheap and in the south. The Lucky Star has great chinese food. Or, there is Nando's that offers wonderful portuguese food.
I'll go with Nando's. Thanks.|What day and time would you like a reservation and for how many people?
Please book for 6 people on Sunday at 13:15.|You are all booked. Your reference number is KADPMUCR. Is there anything else i can help you with?
yes, i am also looking for a cinema near the restaurant.|Cineworld Cinema is also in the South, close to the restaurant.
Great!  Can I get the adress?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else today?
Yes, could you please book a taxi from the cinema to the restaurant, arriving by my reservation time. And give me the car type and contact number please|I have that booked for you in a grey honda and the contact number is 07797257618.
Thank you. My visit is all set. Thanks for the bookings. Goodbye.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre.|There are so many to choose from. Any idea what kind of attraction you would like to visit?
Yes, I would like to go to a college with free admission.|There are 10 colleges in the centre with free admission. Would you like me to suggest one?
What is that college's postcode? I'm also hungry and want somewhere to eat.|Christ's college have a free entrance
Can you give me the postcode for Christ's College?|sure thing it is cb23bu, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a cheap Chinese restaurant.|There are four options, charlie chan is in the centre near the college that you are visiting, shall I book you?
Yes please book it for monday at 11:15|How many will be at your table?
It will just be a table for one. Go ahead and book it|The reference # is 4ZBQs5GE. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi that will arrive by the booking time.|Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07018249902
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!|You are welcome.  Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for a place to stay|There are are lots of options. Is there a particular side of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west.|Hobsons House is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
Are they 4 star rated by chance?|I am sorry I have no listings for any with 4 stars.
That's okay. Can you look for one that is expensive?|the huntingdon marriot hotel is great!
Sounds good. Can you book for Wednesday for 1 person, 4 nights?|The booking was successful, your reference number is N7L47L69.
I also need a restaurant that serves venetian food, in the expensive range.|I'm sorry, I can't find any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine perhaps?
OK, then please try Italian restaurants.|I have the caffee uno located in the centre.
Great! I would like a reservation for Wednesday.|Certainly, at what time?  And how many will be in your party?
The same group of people discussed at 18:15 the same day.|Table for 1 at Caffe Uno is confirmed for Wednesday at 18:15. They will hold your table until 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is A3L9KQ34.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to the restaurant. Just please make sure I get their in time for my reservation|In order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and the arrival location.
I will be leaving the restaurant.|Please to book a taxi I need departure location, arival location and travel time. Please provide that information.
Yes, I will be leaving from the hotel. I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15 on Wednesday.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Volvo and their contact number is 07236170295.
Thank you so much for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
What are some nice, expensive restaurants in the center of town?|The Bedouin, Kymmoy & Midsummer House Restaurants match your desired criteria, would you like me to book you a table?
I would like a table for 1 at 18:15 on Tuesday at the Bedouin, please. And may I have the reference number when it's booked?|Your table is booked and is reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I9AKFZC5. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a hotel with free wi-fi.|Okay there are many to choose from. Do you have a preference for the area you stay in?
How about near the restaurant?|Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre which is close to the hotel. Would you like me to book you a reservation here?
Is that one expensive? I would like an expensive, 4-star hotel.|No that is a cheap hotel but is rated 4 stars. How about the university arms hotel, its is 4 stars and expensive.
Sounds great! Please book a 4 night stay for 1 person on tuesday.|Okay, I've booked you for one person at University Arms, starting on Tuesday, for 4 days. Your reference number is HSVG3GT9.
Yes I also need to book a taxi to take us between the hotel and the restaurant. I will need the car type and a contact number for the booking.|I can do that, when would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to get the taxi to get me there by 18:15 please|I was able to book a black ford phone number is 07618987553
Thank you for your help.|I'm happy to have assisted you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No.  Thank you, you have been very helpful.|I am happy to help
Thank you good bye.|Goodbye and take care! We hope to see you again.
I would like a taxi departing from Warkworth House and arriving at Jinling Noodle.|What time did you want to leave warkworth house?
by 23:15 and can I get a contact number and the car type?|A blue BMW will pick you up by 23:15. The contact number is 07304029260.
Thank you so much.  Have a great day.  Bye.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
I need a taxi to take me to my hotel today from saint catharine's college|I can help you book that, what hotel are you staying at?
I am staying at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.|Ok great, and what time would you like to leave/arrive?
I should leave after 13:00.|Alright, I've got a red ford with the contact number 07542375620. Anything else I can do for you?
Nothing else, thank you. I'll keep an eye out for the red ford. Goodbye.|Have a lovely day and contact us again if you need further assistance. Bye!
I want to visit a restaurant that would be popular with college students and located near the center of town; can you make a recommendation?|What type of food would you be interested in?
Actually, I want to visit a college. Somewhere in the centre.|I would suggest downing college, would you like the address?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that college?|The address is regent street and there is no entry fee.
Thank you. Do you have the postcode, please?|The postcode for Downing College is cb21dq. Anything else I have help you with?
Yes, I need a place to eat in that area. I want Italian food.|I would suggest pizza express.
Can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on Sunday?|Yes, they had a table available and I went ahead and booked it for you. Your reference number is HXSPEY9N. What else can I do for you?
I'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 17:45. can you set that up for me?|I can do that for you!  I have your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Would you know what type of car will pick me up? May I please have a contact number for the taxi?|Booked car type red volkswagen
 Contact number 07633256482
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Can you tell me some info on the Avalon hotel?|The Avalon is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free internet. Would you like to book there?
Yes can you book it for 5 people on Saturday? We need rooms for 4 nights.|That one is not open, shall I try a shorter stay?
I guess we could shorten it; can you try 2 nights instead?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZWN28J72. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys|its in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. should i book for you a room?
Yes, the five of us would like to eat at 17:45 before we check in to the hotel.|I'm sorry, but I cannot get you in at that time.  Is there another day or time slot that would work for you?
Book it for 30 min earlier. I need the reference number.|Oh! I got you the table for your original time at 17:45. Your reference number is 6MIRFIR2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.|For what times.
I need a taxi so that it arrives by the time of my reservation at the restaurant.|Your taxi has been booked to  take you from Avalon to Frankie and Benny's at 17:45. Your taxi will be a black tesla and the contact bumber is 07715682347.
That sounds great. Thank you very much.|Will you need any thing else now?
No thank you that will be all for me, goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you book me a taxi to arrive by 23:30? Oh, and I am departing from wandlebury country park.|I would be happy to book that, first I will need to know your destination.
I want to go the Tandoori Palace.|07903665107 is the contact number, I have you in a black honda.
Thank you so much you've been very helpful.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.|Glad to be of service, Goodbye.
I want to find out about expensive restaurants in the centre.|There are 33. What kind of cuisine would you like?
Expensive and in the cetre of town and I need you to book it for 6 at 20:00 on Wednesday|The price range is not cuisine. What kind of food do you like?
I do not care about the kind of food. Surprise me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : F6AK4P82.
Get me a hotel in the same area with the same price range for 5 staying for 2 nights, with a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time|How does the gonville hotel sound to you?
Great. I'd love to book it.|Your booking was successful, and the reference number is TCGX5CE3. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Give me contact number and car type too.|Taxi from Kymmoy to gonville hotel 
Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07290822722
That is all, thank you so much for your help!|You are welcome, have a great day.
Thanks you too. Goodbye.|Enjoy your time in Cambridge, goodbye
I am looking for concert halls.|The Man on the Moon is a fantastic concerthall located in the centre at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. I don't have an entrance fee available, but you could call 01223474144.
Great thank you for that information about it.|Excellent, can I help you with anything else today?
I also need information on arbury lodge guesthouse|It is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get the postcode of it?|Certainly. The post code is cb42je and their phone number is 01223364319. What else can I help you with?
That will be it, and thank you for helping me.|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to riverside brasserie and should arrive by 19:30.|From where will you be departing?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge Arts Theatre.|Booked a blue honda. Your contact number is 07886967603.
Thank you so much goodbye.|Have a wonderful day!
can you find me a guest house that has free wifi in this town?|There are 23 guesthouses in town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
How about one that has a 4 star rating and is expensive?|Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet you needs. There are 2 hotels if you are interested.
What about something in the moderate price range, instead?|Yes I have many choices in that category. Would you like me to suggest something?
book a hotel for 8 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Please clarify if you want a guesthouse or a hotel. There are no hotels that match your needs but there are 11 guesthouses that do.
I want a guesthouse.|Would you like me to book you for avalon?
Yes, please book for 8 people for 3 nights, starting from Saturday.|You're all set to arrive on Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5D3TISUX.
great, thanks. i'm also looking for places to go in town.|Ok.  There are many great things to do in town.  Did you have something particular in mind?
I would like a place that is fun and serves drinks.|Sure! Would you rather a nightclub type of environment or more of a park or entertainment venue?
Actually, is there a swimming pool around?|which part of town should it be?
it should be in the south|I'm sorry, but there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
what options are available|There are swimming pools in the east, north and centre of town. The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, theatre and parks. Have a preference?
I would prefer the south please.|What type of attraction in the south? There are 8 results ranging from cinema, museums, nightclubs, parks.  Which would interest you?
If there are no swimming pools in the south, then I would consider a cinema in the south of town.|Cineworld Cinema is in the south. Would you like additional information?
Yes, may I please have their address and phone number.|Yes, their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way and their phone number is 00872208000.
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:45. Please provide the contact number and car type.|What is your destination, and when do you want to arrive by?
I'll be going from the hotel to the cinema. I need to leave by 22:45.|I booked a grey skoda for you, contact number is 07059639997!
Thank you so much. That is all that I need at this time. Goodbye!|Thank you. Have a nice day.
Hello, can you recommend a 4-star hotel with free parking, please?|There are 19 four-star hotels with free parking in Cambridge. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.|Kirkwood is a wonderful hotel in the north, would you like a reservation.
Not at this time. Thank you.|Okay thank you for calling.
I am though looking for places to go in the north as well.|Milton Country Park is beautiful this time of year. Or perhaps Riverboat Georgina? They are both in the north.
Milton Country Park sounds nice, can I get their phone number and entrance fee?|Their phone number is 01223420060 and the admission is free.
Thanks for the recommendations. The last thing is I need a taxi between the hotel and Milton Country Park. Can you help?|Sure thing. When would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 14:15|I booked you a grey volvo. Call them at 07307595781 if anything comes up. What else do you need today?
I actually am all set now! Thanks for being so helpful! Bye now!|I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
Hi can you suggest a good Indian restaurant in cambridge? Also I'd like some information on trinity college. Can you help me with that?|There are several Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to eat in?
I don't want a restaurant, sorry. I am trying to get the phone number to trinity college, can you give it to me?|The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves Chinese food and is in the east part of town.|I do have one restaurant. It is called Yu Garden. They are expensive and located in the east. Would you like me to reserve a table?
What is the restaurant's phone number?|Yu Garden's phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|I need to know when you would like to leave
I would like to leave by 17:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07530268013
Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you, good bye.|You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I will be traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions.|Great!  There are many wonderful tourist attractions in Cambridge.  Is there a particular type of attraction you are looking for?
I would like to visit a museum.  What do you suggest?|There are 23 museums. Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Not in particular. Please recommend one and provide the area and entrance free.|The Byard Art museum is free and is in the South.
Thanks! I would also like to find an expensive hotel.|I have 5 hotels that meet those specifications. Do you have a area in town in mind?
The area is flexible. But I am looking for something with a 3-star rating that offers free wifi.|Gonville Hotel is a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi. It is located in the centre area. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I need rooms for 7 people for three nights starting Thursday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is S56D4VON. Can I assist you further today?
I'd like a taxi please. It should pick me up at 15:30 from The Byard Art and drop me off at the hotel.|A blue Lexus will come to pick you up. Their number is 07670314554. What else do you need?
Thats it, thanks so much!|Glad to be of service.
Howdy, I'm looking for a British restaurant for breakfast.|There are several British restaurants available. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
Moderate price range please.|Five restaurants match your criteria. Four are in Centre area and one is in the West. Which area would you prefer?
I would like the Center of town please.|How about The Copper Kettle?
Is it in the expensive price range? If so, could you book me a table for 3 people at 19:30 for Wednesday?|considering that, i have 3 options in the expensive range if that's what you prefer.
Yes, please select one that meets my other criteria and has an expensive price range.|What other criteria?
I need a place to eat. British, expensive in the Centre.|I'd recommend the fitzbillies restaurant on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 3 people at 19:30 on wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZL5U9Q4Q. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in please.|What area of town would you like to stay?
I'd like a place in the west with free parking.|Do you have a star rating you prefer?  If not, I would suggest Hobsons House with a 3 star rating.  Nice place.
Hobsons House sounds good. Can you give me the phone number?|hobsons house's phone number is 01223304906. Is there anything further I can do for you today?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, please.|What time do you want to leave at?
No specific departure time, but I would like to arrive by 19:30 please.|You are all set! You will be picked up in a blue tesla and their contact number is 07857104689. Is there anything else you need?
No that's is. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|You're very welcome! Have a great day, and let us know if there's anything you need in the future.
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|There are a lot of attractions in the centre is there a particular type you'd like to visit?
Any place would be great. If you could pick one and send me the phone number and postcode please.|Little Saint Mary's Church is in postcode cb21qy and their phone number is 01223366202. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town|We have a lot to choose from. Is there a certain type of food you are looking to try?
Yes, i would like to find a south african restaurant please.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food or area?
Yes let's look for Chinese food instead.|Tang Chinese is a great place in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
nah, i just need to phone number|Sure their phone number is 01223357187.
And their postcode as well.  Can you help me book a taxi between the Church and the restaurant?|Sure.  What time would you like the taxi for?
I would like to leave St Mary's Church by 12:30.|I have booked a taxi leaving the church at 12:30. The car is a grey Audi and the contact number is 07823100765.
I can't wait to ride in that car!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all, thanks!|Have a good day.
I need a taxi arriving by 18:15.|Okay, I can help with that. I'll just need to know where you are traveling to and from
I'll go from ashley hotel to cherry hinton village centre|You're booked in a grey Skoda, contact number 07960351382. Can I help you with something else today?
No that will be all ty|You're very welcome.
I would like to find a restaurant called Pipasha.|Pipasha is an expensive indian restaurant.  It is located in the east area of town.  Can I help you with more information or a reservation?
Yes please.  I need a table for 3 on Tuesday at 14:00.|Okay I have done that and your reference number is  WR87HHPJ.
I would also like to check out a concerthall.|Great!  The Man on the Moon is a concerthall in the centre at 2 Norfolk street.
Thanks. Can you also tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb12lf. What else would you like assistance with today?
Do you happen to have their phone number also?|Yes, the phone number is 01223474144
I also need a taxi between them to get to the restaurant in time.|Ok, I have booked you a black skoda to get you to the restaurant in time.  You can contact them at 07461245991.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that's it.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
Im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the centre part of town|How about little saint mary's church at little saint mary's lane?
Okay, that sounds neat! Is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a Chinese restaurant close by.|Wow, I have 10 different chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a price range you would like to stay in?
To be honest, I don't care about the price range. Can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend Rice House in Centre. It is cheap but oh man their food is fantastic! They are at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I help more?
Yes, I'll need a taxi between the two places as well.|Sure, what time and where would you like to be picked up?
I would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by 14:45.|Okay, no problem. I've booked you a white toyota to pick you up there, and the contact number is 07058618818. Anything else today?
Great that was all I needed for today, thank you!|You're welcome, and have a great day.
Hey there, I'm craving Chinese food. Where in the centre can I find some?|Do you have a price range I can narrow it down with?
Yes moderate would work best for me.|Jinling noodle bar looks like a good choice, would you like to try that?
yes please with phone number|Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced chinese place in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223566188. Do you need a reservation?
No, I can make one myself later.  Can you help me find a place to stay in the same area as the restaurant?|We have several options in the center of town. The best is the University Arms, which is 4 stars and expensive.
I would like it have rating of 0 stars.|It looks like there is a guesthouse and a hotel that meet your criteria.  Do you have a preference?
A Hotel That is a 0 star rating,would you like a booking|There is one named Cityroomz in the centra area.  It's moderately priced.  Does that sound good?
Yeah, that'll work. What's the address?|it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road, anything else for you today?
Give me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave the hotel at 19:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car toyota: red tesla
Contact number: 07625387380 Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have taken care of everything for me.  Thanks for being so helpful.  Bye.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
What theaters are in the Cambridge centre?|We have the cambridge arts theatre, the adc theatre, mumford theatre, the cambridge corn exhange, and the junction.
Ok, can I get the address and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?|The entrance fee is not listed would you like the phone number or address?
Yes please. I would like that very much and I also would like information on the Ugly Duckling restaurant.|Ugly duckling is an expensive chinese restaurant and very good too.  Address 12 St. Johns Street in city centre.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Hello, can you recommend any local restaurants?|There are many, many restaurants in town.  Is there a certain area of town in which you would be visiting?
Something in the north.|Do you have a price range preference?
No. I don't but I've heard Loch Fyne is good. Do you have information about this restaurant?|The Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. The address is, The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, phone number: 01223362433 and post code cb21qy.
Let's book it for 8 at 15:00 on thursday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 6LB7GNEB.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with todoay?
I also need to book a taxi|Can you tell me where you would be departing from and where you are going so I can find a taxi service to serve you.
I am going to the Loch Fyne restaurant at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street|And where are you departing from?
I will be departing from christ's college|Where will you be heading to.
I will be heading to the restaurant.|Whoops, my mistake, I meant to ask when you'd be heading to the restaurant, not where. Do you know when you'd like the taxi?
it should be there at booked time|I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Christ's College and take you to the Loch Fyne by 15:00. Is there anything I can help you with.
Yes, I'll need the car type and contact number for the taxi, please?|I will look that up for your now.
yeah ok do that please|It's a red ford. The contact number is 07540853232. Sorry that I did not provide that when I booked your reservation.
Thank you that is all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes. Thank you. Goodbye|Have a great day.
I'm looking for info about riveboat georgina|It is in the North area, the address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Phone number is 01223902091
That's all I needed thanks.|Thank you and have a great day!
Actually, can you help me find a restaurant? An expensive one in the West.|Certainly.  I recommend Tandoori Palace.  They serve expensive Indian food in the west.  Were you looking for reservations?
No that doesn't sound good, I need one that serves north african food.|There are none that serve north african food
Can you search for one that has british food then?|There are two british places, graffiti and travellers rest, do you have a preference?
I will take Graffiti. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 8 people at 14:30 please?|That time is unavailable.  Please choose another time?
I'm looking for a Mediterranean restaurant near the centre of town.|I've got three that fit that bill... the gardenia, la mimosa, and shiraz.  Do you have a preference?
Is one of them in the cheap price range?|Yes, The Gardenia.
Great, could I book a table of 5 for 11:30 on wednesday? If so, please provide me with a reference number.|Yeah. The reference number is CVWAKCN2
Thank you!  Is there any entertainment in the same area as the restaurant?|I am sorry. There does not seem to be any matching your choices. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
Yes. Can you please search for an attraction in the type of college?|Is an entrance fee okay? If so, the corpus christi college located at king's parade. Fee is 2 pounds. Would you like the phone number?
I don't mind an entrance fee. Could you actually give me the postcode for that college?|Corpus christi is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh.  Would you like any further information?
Yes, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant.|I'd be happy to find you a taxi, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave corpus christi.
I would like to leave Corpus Christi College in enough time to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time of 11:30.|I have booked you a taxi that will get you to the restaurant by 11:30. Their phone number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the car's contact number and type?|Your taxi is a Black Audi and their contact number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything, thank you!|Great! I'm glad I could be of assistance to you. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on Kingfisher Way near the Hinchinbrook Business Park. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes for one guest, for  nights starting with Tuesday.|I'm sorry, but I'm not sure how many nights you want to stay. Did you mean to say four nights?
No sorry I meant 2 nights.|Ok I've booked that for you with reference number SDMC5SZK.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum near the centre.|There are several, may I suggest Castle Galleries. And there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can you give me the phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223307402. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like a taxi from the hotel to the museum. I want to leave the hotel by  19:00. Book it please and give me the contact number and car type|A grey skoda will pick you up at the hotel by 19:00 to take you to the Castle Galleries. Your contact number is 07375156908. Will there be anything else today?
:
07375156908
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range.|You have a preference for the location? I have two expensive hotels in the center of town.
I do not have a preference in location.|I have five places. What more may I help you with about them?
Are any of them three stars and including wifi?|Yes there are two options would you like the info?
Can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from saturday?|I recommend the gonville hotel in the centre and will be more than happy to make you a reservation there
Can you please make the reservation?|I  have booked your reservation, the reference number is XYGXD4I0. Is there anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum in the centre of town. Any recommendations?|Sure. The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a really good one and it is located in the center of town.
That sounds perfect! Could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Of course the number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su.
Thank you, I also need a taxi. I want to leave gonville hotel by 19:45 and go to the cambridge contemporary art museum.|A Black Volkswagen has been successfully booked and scheduled to pick you up at the gonville hotel by 19:45 and take you to the cambridge contemporary art museum
Can I get a contact number for the taxi?|The contact number is 07161683700.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need thank you for your time.|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
I am looking to try a local restaurant that serves modern European cuisine and has a moderate price range|There is restaurant almentum that serves modern european food in the south part of town.
Book a table for 1 person at 17:30 on Saturday. Give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5U78RXDV.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north|Okay I have many choices for you. Could we narrow it down by price and star rating? Will you be looking for parking and wifi amenities/
I don't care about wifi but I definitely need free parking.|Acorn guest house has parking. Would you like me to book that?
I so excited to see some of your great attractions! Can you suggest a college in the centre? Also I need a train schedule from airport to Cambridge on Saturday.|Let's start with your college request. We have 13 in the centre of town. Wht features are you interested? Maybe, we can narrow your search.
If you could recommend one that would be great! Can you send me the address, entrance fee, and phone number?|Sure, were you looking for a free one or one with an entrance fee?
Thank you, I'm looking for one with an entrance fee.|Corpus Cristi charges 2 pounds,do you want their phone number ?
Yes and their address please.|The address is King's Parade and the phone number is 01223338000.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with free parking?|Sure, I have one possible option here. It is hobsons house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book for 4 people, from sunday, for 2 nights. And tell me the refernce number|Booking was successful, the reference number is RBKY459T., any further questions today?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to the Hobson's House.|Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from Corpus Cristi by 04:45 to go to Hobson's house.  I will need to know the contact number and car type please.|Your contact number is 07902709327 and the car type is a black Toyota. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have plans to visit churchill college and need a taxi to do so|I can help with that! What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:00.|Ok, what time do you want to leave?
As I mentioned, I'd like to leave after 17:00, please. I need to be picked up from the varsity restaurant.|07720877593 is you contact. I have you booked in a yellow Lexus.
Thank you so much.|No problem. Are you finished?
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of swimming pool.|I'm sorry, there isn't a swimmingpool on the westside. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about somewhere else I can swim in town?|There are four options available. Two in the north, one in the east, and one in centre. Which would you like more information about?
No thanks. How about entertainment in the west?|whale of a time is an entertainent spot in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill
The title sells itself, can I get the entrance fee please?|Unfortunately, the venue hasn't provided information on their entrance fee. Would you like me to check another venue?
Yes, and please provide an entrance fee.|There is no entrance fees listed for this type of entertainment.  Whale of a Time has a phone number you could call for the fee?  01954781018
Well, I'm also looking for info on a hotel I heard about. It's called limehouse.|Yes Limehouse is located in the north. The address is 78-80 milton road.
What type of hotel is it and do they have free parking and internet? I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 10:15. Contact and car type please.|It is a guesthouse with free parking and internet. Where is your destination?
I would like to go from the Lime house to the swimming pool.|Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please also give me its contact number and the car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey honda
Contact number	:	07844769694
thanks that's all i need|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.|I can help you with that.  Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, I would like to eat Chinese food.|Oh I have some great options for you. I have a total of 4 restaurants, how about trying th Ugly Duckling?
Yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 14:15 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 076ZN8YF
I need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.|I found 33 hotels that match that criteria. Is there a particular side of town you prefer so I can make a recommendation?
It doesn't matter.  I would like 4 stars and fee wifi though.|The huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
That sounds great! Does it have free parking and free wifi?|Yes it has both, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need rooms for 8 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TBICSA49.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 14:15. Please provide the car type and contact number|I will be happy to book that for you. Where is your destination?
I need it to go between the hotel and restaurant, please.|I need to know where you are going?
TO THE RESTAURANT! JUST BOOK IT< YOU HAVE ALL OF MY INFO! thank you|Your taxi booking has been completed! The car type is a red Audi,
Contact number 07964587638. Can I assist with anything else?
No, that is it for now.  Thank you so much.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Hi, i need to book a taxi. I need to go to cambridge corn exchange and need to arrive by 11:45.|Of course, from where will you be departing?
I will leave from Little Seoul.|I have booked your taxi, it will be a black tesla and the contact number is 07901027888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
Please find a place that serves Indian food.|Sure, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
In the moderate range, please|Is there a specific area you would like to dine in?
No, I don't have a preference. Any you pick will be fine. I need to book on Sunday at 14:00 for 4 people, please?|Your reservation at rajmahal was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XYIQ88JZ.
Thank you! Can you also tell me about Whipple Museum of the History of Science, please?|The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is in the centre of town on free school lane. Admission is free.
cool, could you also give me the postcode?|The postcode for whipple museum of the history of science is cb23rh. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to go with the taxi?
From the museum to the restaurant.|A black Honda will pick you up and get to you to the Rajmahal in time for that reservation. The contact number is 07608033696.
That will be all. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Bye!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I really need help with a restaurant though.|We have more than 100 restaurants all over town. May I ask if you have a certain price range you prefer to stay within?
Yes, I in am interested in an expensive restaurant. Thanks!|Is there a certain area you would like?
Are there any restaurants serving South African cuisine?|I have no south african restaurants i the expensive range. Would you like to try another type or price range?
How about something serving British food?|I have 6 different places that serve British food. They are spread out throughout town. Did you have an area you prefer?
In the west area.|Graffiti is a great restaurant in the west area.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|What day do you wish to dine, at what time and how many people will there be?
Just one person, no specific day and time. I'm also looking for a place to go in town in the same area of the restaurant.|Unfortunately I cannot book the restaurant for you without a day and time. Can you provide that for me please?
How about Tuesday at 7:30?|Your reference number is 73H253CP. They will hold the table for 15-minutes. How else may I help you?
Yes I need an attraction in the same area.|There are over a dozen different attractions in the west; do you have a particular type of activity in mind?
Can you please recommend one and provide me their phone number?|There are many colleges and museums but I think you will really enjoy the entertainment called whale of a time. Would you like more information?
Yes, can I please get the phone number?|Yes, the phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help with any other information today?
Thank you. I am looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where would you like to be picked up?
I would like to commute between Graffiti and Whale of a time.  I will be heading to the attraction after eating.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the attraction by 7:15.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a taxi please to express by holiday inn cambridge|Okay, I will need to know where you are leaving from and what time you would like to leave.
I will be leaving from leverton house arriving by 06:45.|Booking is complete. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 07609996919.
Thank you that is all I need|Perfect! Have an excellent day!.
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.|We have many...architecture, colleges, museums, theaters. Any type in particular you would like to find?
There is no particular one that I have in mind. Can you give me the information for one? I would like postcode and to know what kind of attraction it is.|Yes, there are several, but I particularly enjoy the Castle Galleries Museum.  The postcode is cb23bj.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the moderate price range|There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I would like for it to be in the centre area as well. It doesn't have to have free parking.|I'm sorry there are no guesthouses that match your request. Would you like to change your price range to expensive or cheap instead?
How about a moderately priced hotel in the area?|The cityroomz hotel is moderately priced and in centre. Would you like to book a room here?
Yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting Sunday. May I have a reference number?|Sure, you're booked at Cityroomz with reference number 58U5UC51. May I help with anything else?
Yes, could i get a contact number and vehicle type?|If you need to book a taxi, please let me know your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I do need a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave Castle Galleries Museum by 9:30.|the car type is a blue tesla and 07103379311 is the contact number
Perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for all of your help!|Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your Cambridge adventures.  Please let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future.
Thank you, bye bye now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I was told about a great place to eat called the copper kettle.|They are located in the centre of town. Would you like a reservation?
What kind of food do they serve?|They serve British food.
Yes, I would like a reservation for 4, please. I would also like a place to stay.|Alright, but first, for that reservation, what time and day would you like?
Oh, sorry. 17:15 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BZIAV28X.  Tell me about your hotel requirements.
it should be a 2 star in the south and should be the type of  a hotel.|I am sorry but I am not finding anything that matches your request.  How about a different ratinge or area?
how about a star of 3, then?|OK, I have one hotel located in the south, the lensfield hotel, and it is a 3 star. It's expensive, is that ok?
No I need something cheap really do|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different location?
no. then find me a taxi|Where and when do you want to be picked up?
I need to be picked up at 17:00 from Ely.|I'm happy to help you with that. I just need to know your destination and I can book that for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. I have my restaurant reservation, but I still need to find a  2-star hotel in the south.|Okay, let's start with the hotel. As I'm looking, I don't see a 2-star hotel in the south. Would another rating suit your needs?
If there isn't a 2 star hotel, a 3 star hotel will do.|What about the Ashley hotel?
That would be great. Can you get me the postcode for the hotel, please?|sure thing it is cb41er, anything else today?
Can I please book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant?|sure thing a blue bmw will be picking you up and the contact number is 07240838121, anything else today?
no I think that just about covers it, thanks|Thank you for your call. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
Hi there. I'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.|We have several cheap htels and guesthouses available. Do you have a particular location in mind?
Not really. It does need to be a hotel and parking isn't really an issue with us.|I have one in the cheap range, shall I book it?
Does it have a star of 0. That is very important to me?|Unfortunately, it's 4 stars.  Would you like to try a different hotel type?
What about one that is in the moderate price range?|I found 3 hotels, do you have a preference for the area of centre or north?
No area preference. Any of them are fine. Can you book one for me starting Thursday?|Yes, of course. For how many nights and how many people?
There will be three people and we need it for 3 nights. Can I get the reference number for that once it is booked?|I've booked you at the Ashley Hotel, and your reference number is 9ZKDNRMV.
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 20.15.get contact number and car type|Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I'm sorry I did not mention I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the South of town.|I can help you find something!  How about Nusha or Tenpin?  They are in the south and are entertainment facilities.
What type of entertainment are they?  Can you give me phone numbers, please?|They are parks. Phone number for Nusha is 01223902158 and for Tenpin is 08715501010.
I'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and I'd like to leave the hotel by 20:15 if possible.|I'm sorry, which park would you like to go to?
I think Tenpin should work nicely, thanks.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Lexus. If you need to reach them, please contact 07275581182. Anything else I can help with?
Wonderful! Nope, that's it. Thanks so much for all of your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day in Cambridge!
I'm craving some spicy food so find me an Indian restaurant on the East end please|The Curry Prince might fit the bill. Would you like reservations?
no not right now thanks|Okay. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, is the Curry Prince in the moderate price range? If so, I'll need to make a reservation.|For how many, and day and time?
8 people at 12:15 on Friday, please.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4YZLGJJL. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I need to book a room too a guesthouse that doesn't have internet but free parking|Would you like the guesthouse on the east side of town as well?
That would be fine.|There are 4 different options. 3 of the guesthouse are cheap and the oter 2 are moderate priced. Is there one you'd prefer?
You can decide please.  I need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting Friday please.  I'm looking forward to this!|Ok, the booking was successful for the allenbell guesthouse. 517a coldham lane, cb13js, phone:01223210353. The reference number is : WFFLJRT2.
Okay, thank you!|Anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|OKay let us know if you need anything else.
I do actually need a taxi between the two places.  I need to get to the restaurant for my booked reservation.|I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a white Volvo. If you need to reach them, please call 07601547949.
that is it for now thanks|Thanks for calling, and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'll be requesting a taxi to golden house please|Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I want to arrive there by 07:00|You are booked! Your car is a red audi and contact number is 07727005105
Thank you that is all I need today.|Just to confirm - you wanted picked up at alexander bed and breakfast correct?
no, he taxi should depart from hotel du vin and bistro|Alright, I'll fix it for you
Thank you for your help|I'm sorry for the mixup. Your taxi is a white lexus. The contact number is 07770889191. Is there anything else?
That's it for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. And I apologize again for the confusion. If I can help you with anything else in the future don't hesitate to ask.
I'm looking for da vinci pizzeria.|Sure thing! They are a great italian restaurant that is located in the north. Their prices are rather cheap. Would you like more information on them?
Could you just book a table for me? I would like it to be on Monday at 17:30 for 3 people please.|It's reserved for you and your reference number is LNK5JA4Y. Anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre I would like to see architecture.|There are 4 churches and 1 old schools known for their architecture. All are free except for great saint mary's church which charges 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Thank you, you have answered all my questions, have a nice day.|It has been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir.
You're welcome. You have a great day as well.|be free to use our services anytime
i want to book a taxi.|Where is your departure and destination locations?
I need to leave vue cinema and arrive at clowns cafe by 11:30.|Okay, I have a white volvo for you with the contact number 07119414615. Anything else?
No thanks that will be all. Thank you for your time.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?|There are a total of 33 guesthouses and hotels in Cambridge. What is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me, but I'm looking for something in the east part of town.|There are seven hotels that are in the east part of town.  Do you need parking?
I don't need parking.|I would recommend the A and B Guest House.
Please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from Monday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : GQ8MEF1L
Thank you. I am also looking for museums to visit on the west side of town.|I have 7 museums in that area. Some have entrance fees and others are free. Do you have a preference?
No, not really, thanks. Anything is fine.|The Cafe Jello Gallery meets your criteria. Would you like their information?
Sure, please tell me the address, phone number, and postcode.|The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af and the phone number is 01223312112.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the la tasca restaurant?|Happy to help -  la tasca is a Spanish restaurant with a moderate price point located in the centre.
Great! will you please book that for 2 people at 17:30 on Sunday?|Alright, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: AO0MS4Q3.
thank you for helping|You're most welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the north. Preferably in the guesthouse category|Acorn guest house is available, would you like to stay there?
Does that include wifi? I don't want it to be too expensive.|It does include wifi. It is moderately priced.
I would like to book the Acorn for 2 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VDQW6MG8.  What else can I do to assist you today?
I also need a taxi from my room to the restaurants by the time of my reservation.|Booking is complete.  I have you booked with a black Audi.  Contact number 07873880008.  It will pick you up at 17:15.  Is there anything?
No that was everything, thank you!|OK, it was a pleasure helping you.  Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for an attraction in Cambridge called nusha.|Absolutely! Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south of town, located in Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road, postcode cb17dy. Would you like their phone number as well?
Great, that's good to know it's int he south part of town.|May I help you with anything else?
A hotel would be nice.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse? What part of town do you want to stay in?
I would like an expensive guesthouse with free wifi please.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses with free wifi. Would you like to try a different search?
Can you just find me a moderately priced hotel?|Certainly! The A and B Guest House is a moderately-priced hotel. Would you like to stay there?
Yes, for 7 people and 4 nights.|Okay, and what day do you wish to check in?
We'll check in on Tuesday, please.|Great! Your booking was successful I have you checked in and your booking reference number is YRRJG3QC.
Could I now book a taxi to leave the Nusha's at 24:45 and take me back to the A and B guest House?|Certainly, I have booked your taxi. A black bmw will be picking you up, their contact number is 07151716312.  Can I help with anything else?
Perfect, thank you!|Have a great day.
I hope you have a great day as well!|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?|yes there are 21 of them. which food type do you prefer?
I was really hoping to try some austrian food.|I'm sorry, I didn't get any matches for that.
Okay, how about some European food?|What about the hotel du vin and bistro at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street?
Great Can I have their phone number and postcode please?|01223227330	cb21qa, is there something else i could help you with?
I also need a place to stay in the same price range.|What area would you like it to be in?
I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|cityroomz is a 0 star hotel located in the city centre. It doesnt have free parking but does have free wifi. The phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much that was all I needed.|Great thank you so much for using our system today?
I need a place to stay in the west part of the town? Some place with free wifi please.|Sure, do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
It doesnt' matter.  I don't care about parking either.|I am showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Which would you prefer?
Pick one of the two hotels for us please.|The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel on the west side in the cheap price range.
Sounds good.  Let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2T7NK2CG
Thank you. I need to find an Indian restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as my hotel.|There are five options to choose from. I can recommend the restaurant cocum to you if you'd like
That sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:45 on friday? And tell me my reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : U6M1IEOW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to get us between both places, and I need it to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation.|Your all set! A blue lexus will be picking you up and the contact number is 07598275631, anything else today?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!|You arr welcome, have a great night.
I'm looking for a moderately priced Turkish restaurant.|Sure, there are two. I recommend the Anatolia. Would you like a reservation?
is it located in the centre?|Why, yes it is in the center. I can book you a reservation if you like.
Yes can you book it for 3 people Thursday at 20:00?|I can help you with that. I was able to get you a table for 3 at 20:00 on Thursday. The restaurant will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. O'm also looking for a place to stay, moderately priced.|There are three to choose from; The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I need one that includes free wifi and is in the centre.|There is one option. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel.
Can you book it for me?|I definitely can.  For how many people and how many nights?
Actually I just need to know how many stars they hotel has and the postcode.|It is a 0 star hotel.
And what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you book a taxi to pick me up from cityroomz and take me to Anatolia, arriving by 20:00? Give me car type and contact info|Sure can, the booking has been completed! The car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant.|Again that has been booked  your car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Okay. Well, if you should need further assistance, don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you and goodbye.
Can you find me a guesthouse with a 4 star rating?|I have a number of guesthouses available, do you have a location preference?
Not really, but I do need free parking in expensive range|I'm sorry, but we don't have anything that meets your requests. Would you like to change what you're looking for?  Maybe I could help you with something else?
what about the one with a cheap range?|I have seven cheap 4 star guesthouses with free parking in the cheap range. One in the center, three in the east and one each in the north, south and west.
Can you recommend one? I need a reservation for tuesday|alexander bed and breakfast would suit your needs. How many people will be staying and for how many days?
i want to book it for 1 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Reference number is : BL0Z1OXC. Anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find a chinese restaurant in the centre.|What's your price range? I recommend the Ugly Duckling, but it's expensive. Charlie Chan is a good, cheap place, and Lan Hong House is in the middle, price-wise.
Let's go with the cheap place. It will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at 14:15.|Booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DJAKWB3Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, I'm gonna need. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service today?
Actually, I will need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Ok, your taxi will be a red lexus. Its contact number is 07558129121. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you again for using our service, enjoy your stay!
Hello! I would like a taxi, please. I will by departing from Cambridge Arts Theatre and going to Peking Restaurant.|I can book that for you.  What time would you like to leave the theatre?
I would like to leave after 12:15. Please let me know the car type and contact number.|The car is a blue Honda and the contact number is 07344292445. Anything else I can help with?
Nope. That'll be it.|Great, hope you have a fantastic day!
Hi! I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and I was wondering if you had information on any Mediterranean restaurants located in the centre of Cambridge?|Thre are 3 such places. Do you have a price range?
Not really but I would like to make a reservation for 7 people at 16:45 on a Friday. I will need the reference number as well.|I would like to recommend the gardenia is that okay to book?
Yes. That sounds good. Do you have any moderate priced guesthouses available?|I was able to book the table for you the reference number is HH5J45Z5. There are many guesthouses to chose from, what area do you want to stay in?
I don't seem to have a preference but I wiukd like a moderately priced place with free parking.|Can I reccommend acorn guest house in the north,it has free parking and moderately priced?
Could I have the postcode and how many stars of the hotel?|The postcode of Acorn Guest House is cb41da.
I also need to get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant. I need it to arrive at 16:45. I'd like the contact number and the car type.|The car type is a White Volkswagen and the contact info is 07869317817.  They will pick you up in time to have you at the restaurant by 16:45.
Thank you so much, thats all I need|You're very welcome! Have a great stay! Bye!
I'm interested in 4 star hotels in the centre of town.|I've located one 4 star hotel, University Arms Hotel located on Regent Street. It is an expensive hotel, but has internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel in the moderate price range.|There are no four star hotels in a moderate price range in that area.  Would you like me to search for a different area of town?
How about the cheap price range?|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.|When will you begin your stay and how long will you stay?
Beginning on Wednesday for three nights. I also need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves Chinese food.|how about charlie chan? i have heard great things
What's the price range of that one?|This one is cheap, will that work?
That would work yes, can I have their phone number and postcode?|Of course, the phone number is 01223361763 and the postcode is cb21db. Would you like me to book you a table?
No but I still need the reservation for the hotel and a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. Need contact number and car type for that as well.|I can't book a reservation for your hotel until you tell me how many people will be staying.
just find me the phone number and postcode i'll book it myself|The postcode for the hotel is cb12de.  The phone number is 01223525725.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need to book a taxi to travel between the two places.|I have a white Lexus picking you up from the hotel and will arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. The contact number is 07675725181. Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I want a place to eat that serves swiss food.|there are no restaurants with swiss food kindly suggest another,
How about does anyone serve European food?|I have many places serving European food. Do you have a price range preference?
It doesn't matter.  Please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.|Michaelhouse Cafe, 15-19 Trumpington Street, reservation for Saturday for 8 people. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number VRZWVKT7. Will there be anything else today?
I am also needing help finding a room. I don't care if they offer free parking or internet.|I have so many choices for you. It would be better to narrow the down by area.
I'd like a hotel in the south to stay at. It doesn't need to include internet, nor no need to have free parking. Closer to the restaurant would be preferred.|I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to make a booking?
I don't need a reservation right now but can I get more information?|Rosa's is a guesthouse in the cheap price range. It has 4 stars. The address is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Do you need more information?
Ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on saturday.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is JXKUVL9Y.
Thank you very much!|May I assist you with anything else today?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|When would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at 11:30.|Ok I need departure location, arrival location and travel time to book your taxi.
I will be leaving Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and heading to the restaurant. Please ensure the taxi arrives before 11:30.|Okay I have booked the taxi and you should expect to see a yellow Skoda and your contact number is 07075628107.
Have a nice day.|Thank you.  Have nice trip and call back with any questions.
Hi, I am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with one?|Sure can, we have 33 locations available, do you have anything to help narrow it down?
I need it to be in the north. I'd also like free parking and free wifi.|Is there a price point?
Not really. I'm hoping you give me the price range along with my options.|There are 11 hotels with the price range of moderate to cheap. Which would you like to know more about?
Can you pick a good one in the moderate price range?|The Archway House has both free internet and parking, four stars, and is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it?
Not yet but I would like to find a place to go near the same area as the hotel.|There are four places to go in the north area.  Two are swimming pools and there is a park and boating area. Which would you like info on?
A swimming pool would be great. Can i get the address please?|Sure. I recommend kings hedges learner pool. Their address is jedburgh court, kings hedges
Great! I'm also going to need a taxi, for between the two places.|Okay, please tell me your departure time and location as well as your destination
I want to leave the hotel at 5:30.|I have you booked, grey Audi. 
Contact number is 07341216795
Thanks so much. That's all for today, goodbye|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking|There are 21 Guest Houses with free parking. What other preference do you have that can narrow the search down?
I would prefer if the guesthouse was in the cheap price range.|There are 9 cheap guesthouses that offer free parking. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast due to being a 4 star place and offering guests free wifi.
That will work. I want to make a reservation for 1 person. It will need to be for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.|Unfortunately, the Alexander can't handle that that booking at this time. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay?
no thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you check if a 2 night reservation fits in anywhere?|That worked! I have you booked for two nights at the Alexander. Your reference number is 12L7NSPK.
Are there any attractions in the centre part of town?|Certainly. I have architecture, cinema, theater, colleges, museums. What interests you most?
Which is your favorite? Give me their address, phone number, and entrance fee, and I'll check it out.|Well All saints Church is quite historic and relaxing and their address is jesus lane, it is free to enter and you can contact them on 01223452587.
That sounds wonderful.  Can you book me a taxi from Alexander to All Saints Church?  I need to leave the hotel by 1:45.|I have confirmed your booking, a white toyota will pick you up. Their contact number is 07056950129.  Do you need further assistance?
.
No.  That all looks great.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
Okay. Thanks again. You, too. Goodbye!|Safe travels and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Okay...thanks!  That's all I need.|Thank you!
I need a moderately priced place to dine on the west side.|There are three options, british, indian and italian, any preference?
I would be interested in a moderately priced Indian restaurant on the west side.|There is a restaraunt named Meghna that is located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The phone number is 01123727410.  Would you like to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure when exactly I am going to be eating, but thank you very much for the assistance.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay.|What area are you wanting to stay in?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 3 star place.|What price range would you like?
Same price range as the restaurant|The Meghna is a nice place,s do you want me to book it ?
Does it have free wifi?|I would recommend Hobson House on the west side, 3 stars and does have wi-fi.
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does have free parking
Okay can you give me their phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223304906. Anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a taxi also.|Where do you want to be picked up and by what time?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:00.|A black ford is booked for you! The contact number is 07564899941. Anything else today?
Thanks for all of your help today. Goodbye!|Have a great night.
I need a taxi to take me to the lensfield hotel.|What is your departure site, and what time do you need the taxi?
I will be departing from Tang Chinese.|Great. And do you have a departure or arrival time?
I want to leave after 05:00 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow ford
Contact number	:	07421738274
Thanks for your help. Have a great day.|Happy to be of service. Have a great day!
I want a taxi to saint barnabas press gallery|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 02:15 please|And where shall the taxi pick you up from?
I'll be leaving from the gardenia.|I was able to book a white Honda to come pick you up.
Do you have a contact number?|I do. The contact number is 07565551226.
That's all I need thanks|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want a college to visit|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, no particular area. Which one do you recommend?|I recommend Christ's College in the centre, admission is free.
Can you find me a hotel in the north with free parking included?|what about hamilton lodge? it's a lovely place.
Sure. That would be fine. Can I have more information please?|What other information do you need?
Actually, I think I'm ok for now. Thank you for your time.|Okay thank you for calling.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking for a hotel.|There are at least 9 hotels in the area. What price range would you like?
Moderate price range. And a 4 star rating, please.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotel rooms that meet those requirements.
I need a place with wifi.|I have 2 hotels in the moderate price range with free wifi and 2 star ratings in the north location, would you like one of those?
yes and book it for me and I need postcode|would you like the ashley hotel, cityroomz, or lovell lodge?
Ashely hotel will be fine thank you|The postcode for the Ashley hotel is cb41er, can you give me some more information to book your room?
it has wifi and free parking,there is no info on the room|Okay the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge match your preferences.
Which one is better?|Well, both have a two star rating and are in the same price range, so I think they'd be about the same, quality-wise.
Please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|Your reservation for 8 people at Ashley Hotel this Thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NZP6RTB5.
Thanks now I need a cab to and from both places|Which place will be you departing from and and do you have to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I need to be at the restaurant by 1:00.|What is the other place?
I need to be picked up at the hotel, please.|I'm sorry, what restaurant do you need to be picked up from?
It appears that I forgot to book a restaurant reservation. I need something in the south in the same price range as the hotel, please.|I have 9 restaurants in the south. What price range would you like?
Priced moderately please.|I have only one in the moderate price range serving modern European food. Would you like a booking there?
I don't want to book it quite yet. Could you get me the phone number, postcode, and address?|Restaurant alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Their phone number is 01223413000. May I help with something else?
Can you help me find a taxi?|I have a yellow Honda scheduled to pick you up at the hotel at 1:00.  The contact number is 07039029314.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thanks for the help.|Thank you very much for calling  the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a nice day.
Hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the North end. Preferably a 4 star hotel|The acorn guest house is nice
Are there any hotels available, instead of a guesthouse?|There are no 4 star hotels in the north part of town
Ok, let's go with guesthouse. A moderately priced one, 4 stars.|home from home	is located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la. can i give you the phone number?
Do they have free parking?|yes they do . can we book?
I don't need a room right now, but I would like to know if there is a Persian restaurant in the north.|There are no persian restaurants in the north, would you like me to run another search?
Are there any italian places around the hotel?|There is! I have Da Vinci Pizzeria, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. It is in the cheap range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at 18:45 on Sunday.|OK, I've got your table reserved, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is V8O2HYKW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places, from my lodgings, so it gets me to the restaurant on time.|Your booking has been completed! Booked car type: white audi  The contact number	is: 07231461791. Can I help you with anything else today?
I don't think so.  Thank you.|Thank you, too.  I hope you have a great day.  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a moderate place to stay in the centre.|The City Room Hotel meets your requirements. Do you need the phone number?
Does it have four stars?|I'm sorry, it only has 0 stars.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
No I would like to stay in the centre. Can you recommend a cheap one in that area instead?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has 4 stars and is within your price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
what their address? do they have free parking?|The address is 56 Saint Barnabas Rood, and they do have free parking.
Great can I also find a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range?|There are over 110 entries that fit the area and price range, what food type did you have in mind?
I don't have a preference for food type. I do need reservations for 8 at 12:00 on thursday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Could you do another time?
Yes, how about 11:00 instead?|Okay you have reservations at dojo noodle bar and your reference number is WJJDIBTF.
Great. Thanks so much. Can you also get me a taxi from the Alexander B&B to Dojo Noodle Bar and get me there by 11:00?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey toyota
Contact number	:	07149685492
Ok, thank you, that will be all. Goodbye|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to dine at that serves afternoon tea and that is moderately priced. Please help.|I didn't find any results matching your criteria. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
How about an Indian restaurant, then?|Great news!  I have four restaurants.  Do you have a certain area that's more convenient?
No area does not matter.|Well I have moderately priced restaurants in the east, north and west. Would you lie me to choose for you?
That would be great. There will be 7 of us.|I would choose Curry Prince.  When would you like to dine?
i need a table reserved for friday|How many people and at what time?
I would like a booking at 13:00 for 7 people for Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : L6V4VV8Q.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a place to stay.|We have plenty to choose from, what preferences do you have?
it should be a guest house in the north|Okay! What price range would you like?
I would like expensive.|Sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like me to check for a hotel instead? Or change the area or price range?
I would accept one with moderate price range. I also need free parking.|I have 7 guesthouses that meet your criteria. I recommend the home from home. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need to know if they have free parking and the postcode.|WELL THE ACORN GUEST HOUSE HAS FREE INTERNET AND PARKING, POSTCODE IS CB41DA
I need a taxi also for the commute between both places|Ok great, and what time do you prefer?
18:00 pm and can you book it for me ?|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a place to go that includes boats. Can you please help me plan my trip?|There are four boat attractions in Cambridge. Is there an area of town you'd like to visit while there?
No, I don't have a preference. Which one do you suggest?|Camboats in the East area, would you like more information about Camboats?
That is great is there a hotel near by that has free wifi and is on the cheaper side?|there are 3 hotels available that meet your criteria, do you have any other preferences?
I would like one with free parking.|Allenbell is a guesthouse on the East side of town that is cheap. It has both free wifi and parking. Would you like more information or to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Are there any that would meet the criteria I've listed?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding anything that matches that criteria. Can I search for something else?
I really need a hotel in the east.|Express by Holiday Inn is in the East and has parking, but it's expensive. Is that OK?
No I really need the price range to be cheap.  Are there any that come up close to that price range?|Unfortunately, no. In that part of town, there are no cheap hotels.
I'm sorry, I misspoke earlier. The Allenbell will be fine. Could you see if they have any rooms starting on Tuesday for 3 nights? There will be 8 people.|The booking was successful with a reference number of SXQ58UY1. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would also like a taxi that will leave from Camboats by 07:45. Could you also provide me with its contact number and car type?|I was able to secure a blue Toyota for you. The contact number is 07214859468.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Hi, I was wondering if there was a swimming pool that an out of town person could use while visiting.|I have four, what area were you looking to swim in?
Any of them will be ok I also need the postcode and area it's in.|I recommend kings hedges learner pool in the north the postcode is cb42xh. Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
Perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a good Turkish restaurant that's moderately priced?|There are 2 and they are both in the centre.  Anatolia & efes restaurant.  Which do you prefer?  Would you like a reservation?
Can I get more information about Anatolia?|Moderate Range Turkish food. Phone, 01223362372. Anything else?
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21uj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also want to book a taxi.  Can you help me with that?|Where will the taxi be leaving from and going to?
the restaurant and the swimming pool of course. I want to leave the restaurant by 5:15 sharp|You'll be in a white Skoda and the contact number is 07935 536 503. Can I confirm, though, that you wish to leave the restaurant at 5:15 in the morning?
Yes, I want to leave the restaurant by 05:15.|Great - you are all set with your white Skoda.  Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that will be all|Great! Have a nice day!
I am looking for an italian restaurant, cheap preferably.|There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be in the center of town, please.|There are 3 restaurants which match that criteria which are the Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like information for one of those restaurants?
Please book a table for 4 people at Zizzi Cambridge for 19:15 on Monday and provide me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TCYAVOO1.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for emmanuel college|Emmanuel College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.
Can I get the phone number?|01223334200 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi.|Where would you like to depart from, and at what time?
I need to go from the college to the restaurant by 19:15 on Monday.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow ford
Contact number	:	07431638056
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.|I'm glad I could help.
Hello, can you recommend an expensive restaurant in Cambridge?|We have a lot of them. Any specific location?
I was hoping to find a place that serves Indian food.|I have 14 restaurants that serve expensive indian food. Is there area of town you would like?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town.|I am unable to find any Indian restaraunts in the the center of town.  Can you narrow down your preferred area please?
An expensive Indian restaurant in the centre, I will require the address and phone number please.|I'm not getting any results for those specific, do you want to try something else?
I'm really looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range in the town centre.  What can you recommend?|I would recommend The Curry Garden in the city center.
I need an address and phone number for the restaurant.|Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre and phone is 01223302330.  Is there anything else you require?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the same area and same price range.|I have two hotel in the Centre, shall I book one?
Does one not have free internet?|Both Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel have free wifi and are expensive options in the centre of town.
Can you book me at the Gonville Hotel ? I also need a taxi booked.I need the taxi number and car type.|Can you please give me the day you are starting your stay, number of days, and the number of people staying?
My apologies, I actually do not need the hotel booked, but I do need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:45.|Okay you're all set for a car. There will be a white Volkswagen taking you from the Gonville to Curry Garden, leaving the hotel at 23:45. Their contact number is 07462048280.
Okay, thank you so much. Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
Hi.  I would like to have a taxi arrive for me at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse by 15:00.  Can you reserve that for me?|I can certainly do that for you. What is your destination?
I will be traveling from the guesthouse to rajmahal.|You will be looking for a grey toyota with contact info of 07015796204
Thank you so much! That'll be all.|No problem! Enjoy your trip!
I need to book a taxi from bridge guest house to sidney sussex college.|Sure. What time did you want to leave and arrive by?
I don't care about the departure time but the taxi should arrive by 07:15.|I have booked you a car to leave from the bridge Guest House and arrive in Cambridge at Sidney Sussex College by 7:15. Your confirmation number is 07918620184. Is there anything else you need?
What type of car is it? Can I have the contact phone number?|You'll be looking for a red Audi and the contact number is 07918620184.
.
thank you|You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else?
No, thank you!|Sounds good! Enjoy your trip.
Thank you so much. You were very helpful!|You are welcome, goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to eat tonight.|There are some great choices.  What type of place are you looking for?
Greek sounds good, and price is no issue for me- I want the very best.|Do you want a certain area?
I would like the north please.|I don't have anything in the north. Can I try a different area?
No, I would like to dine in the north, but can you search for european food instead?|The city stop restaurant is in that area.
That sounds great would you be able to book that for me?|How many people will be dining and about what time would your prefer?
Please book a table for 7 people, for 19:45, this sunday.|All set, the reference number is 9HQQULFL, any further questions?
I am also looking for a particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast.|Yes, carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the east.  Their address is138 perne road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the postcode?|The postcode is CB13NX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to commute between the two locations.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07567121444
Thanks for the help, goodbye!|You are more than welcome. Please do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything.
Hi I want to book a taxi from cocum leaving after 9am.|What is your destination please?
I'd like to go from Cocum to Hobson's House. I also need the car type and contact number.|Of course, your taxi is reserved, the vehicle will be a white skoda and the contact phone number is 07557776784
Thank you so much.  That is all that I need today!|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for entertainment attractions that are available in the centre.|There are no entertainment attraction located in the centre. Would you like me to check different areas?
Yes, how about a museum in the centre?|The castle galleries is a free museum in that area.
What is their address?|unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street	anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|great, i have 69 options for you in that area!
I want a cheap restaurant that serves polynesian food.|I am afraid I have none matching your request. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Can you try spanish food instead?|How about italian?
There's nothing that serves spanish food in the cheap price range in the centre of town?|The la raza serves spanish food. Its cheap and in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes!  Please do.|Looking now La Raza has a few openings, how many people?  Do you have a date and time in mind?
I'd like it for Saturday at 17:45, just one person.|You are booked and your reservation number is Q7YR4YLN
Can you help me get a taxi?|Of course. I need the time of travel, departure location and the destination.
I need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your taxi is a blue skoda under the contact number 07244814493. Is there anything else?
That is all thanks.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay on the east side.|Okay, I have found a match. The Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has internet would you like to book a room?
yes for 5 nights please.|What night and how many people are you needing this for?
I am needing this for Sunday for 5 people, if the booking fails could you please book for 4 nights.  Also can I have the reference number?|Yes, let me book that for you.
Thank you. What is the reference number? I'm also looking for places to go in town.|OK, you're all set. Your Reference number is : P16OTKFH.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. I would like to visit a museum in the east area. Can you make a recommendation?|I have 4 museums in the east.  May I suggest saint barnabas press gallery?  It's free admission.
Yes I think that will work, I need the postcode too.|Sure! The postcode is CB13EW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah,I;m high maintenance, lol.  Just a taxi from Saint Barnabas to the Express hotel.   I'll leave by 13:00|No problem at all.  I have you booked in a black Ford.  The contact number is 07805617119.  Anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks!|I appreciate your help. Thanks again.
I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing the local tourist attractions.|Cambridge is a great place for that.  There are 79 total attractions, any type of attraction or area in mind?
Well first I'll need a place to stay. Are there any 4-star hotels in the west with free parking?|There are a few, do you know what price-range you are looking for?
Do those hotels have internet?|Yes, they all have free wifi.
I'm looking for a museum in centre.  What do you recommend?|We have dozens of museums here, but there are a few that are not free to enter, do you want to go to a free one?
I don't care about the entrance fee.  Can you recommend a good museum and give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure. I recommend the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The phone number is 01223333516 and postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi from the museum please.|Please give me information on when you want to leave and arrive.
i want to leave the hotel by 12:15, get contact number and car type|I can help with that. First would you like to book a hotel?
Yes, please book it|There are 3 hotels in the west with free parking and 4 stars. What price range are you looking for?
I'm not looking for any particular price range.  I need the postcode and please let me know if they have internet?|Finches has wifi and a postcode of cb30nd
Ok. I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 12:15.|Certainly.  I have you booked leaving the hotel at 12:15.  The vehicle is a Black Tesla and the contact number is 07302617458.
That sounds great. Thank you for your help.|Was that everything you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Have a nice day.|You as well! Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today.
Can you find a theater to visit in town?|There are five theatres in Cambridge: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre,  Cambridge Corn Exchange, and The Junction. What do you want to know about them?
I would like the address to the mumford theatre|it is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road,cb11pt. can i give you their number?
No thanks. Just the phone number was enough. I am also sick of eating at the same chinese place all the time. Can you help me find another one to try?|We have many choices. What area would you like?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the centre. I'd love to eat expensive, Chinese food.|great, i've narrowed it down to four options for you
Pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at 18:00 on Monday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: PBNBR9T7.
Great could you book me a taxi to get the restaurant by 18:00 from the hotel?|Which hotel are you staying in?
Sorry I just need to get to the restaurant from The Mumford Theatre.|Okay, you're all set. I've booked your taxi to the Sesame Restaurant. The car will be a black BMW and the contact number is 07576536594.
Thank you! That's all I need.|I'm happy we could help you today, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need directions to a good swimming pool in the south of Cambridge, can you give them to me?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in east area. Pool way, white hill road off newmarket road.  Would you like any other information?
I really need it to be in the south. If there is no swimming pool in the south, how about an entertainment venue?|Unfortunately there are no swimming attractions in the south. Entertainment wise there are 2 options, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like more info on one of them?
Yes please send me the info.|No problem. For Nusha, the phone number is 01223902158 with a post code of cb17dy. For Tenpin, the phone number is 08715501010 with a post code of cb17dy.
I also need some help finding a place to eat while there. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I would like a spanish restaurant, preferrably cheap.|I'm sorry there's nothing that matches that in the south. Do you want me to search in a different area?
Is there anything matching that anywhere in the city?|None,would you like to try a different area ?
Try a different area other than the south. Please make sure it is cheap Spanish food.|There is one! La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in city centre. It's a lovely place - would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book 4 people on tuesday at 14:30 and send me the reference number|I am sorry, I am unable to book that for you right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try a booking for 13:30?|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time either. Is there another time, or day I could try for you?
Is there another restaurant in that area?|There are no matches for spanish restaurants in that area another perhaps?
Look in another area. I want a spanish restaurant|I found la raza. Shall book it for you ?
Yes I would love that one.|I booked your table. The reference number is MN2VXHKR
I will also need a taxi booked to get me to the restaurant from the hotel please.|Do you mean from the entertainment attraction to the restaurant at 13:30? Or do you need help with a hotel?
Yes I want to be picked up at the attraction and arrive at the restaurant by my reservation time.|I booked you with a white honda taxi service. Their phone number is 07540747460.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.|Happy to help, please let us know if we can be of service in the future.
I would like to locate a particular hotel|I can help you with that. Which hotel are you looking for?
I am looking for lensfield hotel.|It is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road.
Can I get the postal code for that hotel?|The postcode is cb21en. Do you need anymore information?
I am also looking for an attraction called the kettle's yard.|Kettle's Yard is a museum in the west. Their phone is 01223748100. No entrance fee.
Can I have the address for kettle's Yard, please?|They are located at Castle Street.  Do you need anything else today?
I'd like to book a taxi from Kettle's Yard back to the hotel. I'd like to leave around 23:45.|A Grey Honda has been book to pick you up by 23:45 at Kettle's Yard and take you to The Lensfield Hotel. Is there anything further today?
Yes, can I have the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number for your taxi is 07210623485.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. You have been most helpful. Goodbye.|It was my pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.
Hi, I'd like information for the restaurant called Travellers Rest please.|It is British Food that is expensive at Huntingdon Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of this restaurant?  Thanks!|The post code is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like information on jesus green outdoor pool also.|It is located in the north and the phone is 01223302579. The entrance fee is unknown. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need right now, thank you!|excellent, have a great day.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.|I have 21 4 star hotels, would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the most suitable hotel for you?
I need free wifi and would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.|There are 11 hotels and guesthouses that offer free wifi and are moderately priced. Is there a particular part of town that you wish to stay in?
Of these 11, please give me the area and address of all those that offer free parking|North 154 chesterton road, North 82 arbury road, North 52 gilbert road, South 5 mowbray road, east, 138 perne road
Can you just pick a hotel for me with 4 stars that have free wifi in the moderate price range. I'll just need to know the area & address.|I have the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located in the south. The address is 5 Mowbray Road. Is there any other information you need? I can help you with booking a room if you would like.
Maybe later. I'd love to find a place to go look at architecture in the east.|I am sorry there are no places to look at architecture in the east. Would you like me to check another area of town?
I'd like to check out the sports center. I need to call the venue to find out the cost of tickets to events.|The only sports center in the east is The Cherry Hinton Village Centre. The phone number is 01223576412. Would you like to know the address or postcode?
Yes, can I get the postcode and also the entrance fee?|cb19ej and unfortunately i am not sure what the entrance fee is
That's fine. I'd also like to book a taxi to get there, to depart by 20:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
You can book it from the Aylesbray.|I have booked your taxi and your contact number is 07276055179.  Be on the lookout for a white honda.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. That is all.|Thank you for using this system.
i want to go to a park|Sure, there are a few.  What part of town do you prefer?
anywhere is fine. May I get a postcode ?|There are 5 different parks. Postcodes are CB21JF, CB18DW, CB46AZ, CB22AD, and CB223AE.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. I need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 4.|I have three 4 star hotels. what are or price range do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter.  I do want it to be in the north area of town though.|I'm sorry, I don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. Would another area be ok, or should I check other star rating options?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the north available?|No, I'm afraid there aren't.
Could you look for something that isn't a guesthouse then?|There are no hotels that meet your requirements.
I guess I will take the guest house.|Okay, Do I need to book that for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we'll need to try different criteria. Would you be willing to change what part of town you stay in, or the star rating you need?
But I said I would take the guesthouse.|I'm so sorry about that.  You are booked at the Acorn Guest Lodge.  Reference number is : R68P0A12.
i aslo want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'm sorry, but I don't think we determined which park you wanted to visit. Where will you be departing from?
the hotel by 14:45.|I'm sorry but there are no parks in the area of your hotel.
How are you doing today? I need to find a hotel on the North side of town that offers internet at no extra charge|do you have a price range in mind?
no, but it should be a guesthouse|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range in the north part of town.
Is that my only option? I need a guesthouse in the north and internet is not important.|No, there are 10 guesthouses in the north. Do you need something specific?
No, please recommend one for me and give me the address.|I still recommend arbury lodge guest house. Its a four star hotel and have very good reviews and it has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can I get the address please?|Yes, it is located at 82 Arbury Road, postcode cb42je.
Thanks.  Are there any restaurants in that area that serve Corsica cuisine?|There are not any Corsica restaurants in that area. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like for me to check?
Yes please give me the name of a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the area.|Hakks, Golden Wok and The Hotspot are all chinese restaurants in the north
Could I make a reservation for 6 people on Tuesday at 13:15 at Golden Wok?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 327PBMAC.
I also need to get a taxi.|No problem, where to where, and when to when?
I need to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant, and I want to be sure I get there by the reservation time.|Booking completed! Booked car type: yellow honda Contact number 07962119630
Thank you for your help!|You are welcome enjoy your day.
What types of colleges are there around the centre|I have 13 colleges to choose from. May I suggest christ's college?
That is perfect, can I get the postcode please?|Christ's college's postcode is cb23bu. Would you also like their phone number or address?
can you tell me where  restaurant alimentum is|Yes, it serves modern european cuisine and is located in the south area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need a table for 3 people at 16:45 on Wednesday.|Your reservation is all set, ref# E60EWJ8S. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi, from the college to the restaurant.|I can definitely help you with that! I assume you would like to make it in time for that reservation, right?
Yes, I would.  Can you give me the contact number and car type when you book that, please?|All set! Your car is a blue ford and the contact number is 07068268863.
Thank you so much. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|Sure, what is your price point?
i don't have one. I just need a guesthouse in the north.|There are several options.  Did you have star rating in mind?
No i don't. I just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 1 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday night.|Your reservation at the Worth House for this Wednesday for 4 days 3 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : NASKA6OK.
I would like to get some pricey food too.|Ok i will find you one .Welcome it has been a pleasure to serve you
I need a hotel in the east which includes free wifi.|Yes I have a few in the east that have internet,would you like me to get the information on a few for you?
yes, I would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of east, thank you|I have a few different options available, did you preference a moderate or cheap priced hotel?
I don't have a preference on price. It also doesn't need to have free parking.|I found one option with your preferences, the A and B Guest House. It has a moderate price range and 4 stars.
That sounds lovely. I also am looking for an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range, can you help me?|Absolutely, you have five choices. Would you prefer a place in the south, centre, west, or east side of Cambridge?
I'd like a place in the east, please.|That would be pizza Hut Fen Ditton, what time would you like to go?
I'd like a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday.|I am very sorry I was unable to get a reservation at that time, would you like to try for another time slot?
Yes, let's try a little earlier at 13:45, and I will need a reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Y0GBAGST.
Great, I also need a taxi to commute between two places.|I can help you book a taxi, can you tell me a little more detail about your taxi request?
Sure, I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course I want to get there for that 13:45 reservation.|I have booked a red Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07121756826.
Thank you for all of the helpful information!|Would you like anything else?
Can you get me the contact number for the car?|Yes.  The contact number is 07121756826.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and you have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.|There are 11 places meeting your needs. Do you prefer a guest house or a hotel? Also, do you have a price range in mind?
A hotel and it needs to have free parking.|There are only two hotels that fit your needs. They are the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book a room with either of these?
I'm sorry.  Can you try a guesthouse?  Still north w/free parking.  Thanks and sorry!|The guesthouses in that area range from cheap to moderate in price. I recommend the Archway House, with 4 stars.
Perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on friday.|That booking was unsuccessful, perhaps a shorter stay? Or a different place?
Let's try just one night then.|Excellent.  You are booked- Reference ALKK8MTG.  Anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a multiple sports event. Can you find one for me?|Sure the only one in town is in the east and is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I wanted to stay in the centre.  Can you see if there is something there?|There is not a multiple sports event there,  but there are 4 theatres and one swimming pool.
Are there any colleges? If so, can you choose the best one and give me the address, postcode, and entrance fee?|There are a number of colleges in centre city, I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street, cb21dq, the entrance is free!
Terrific.  I would like to book a taxi between the two places.|Sure!  Can you confirm your departure and arrival locations and a time frame, please?
I want want to leave the hotel by 02:45.|The Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow toyota
Contact number	:	07736257134
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant|What type of food are you interested in?
I am not looking for a specific food type but I would like it to be in Centre please.|dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like to make a reservation?
What type of food is that?|That is asian oriental. Is that okay?
Sounds good.  I am also looking for a place to stay in the East.  Can you help me find something?|Sure thing, what price range are you looking for?
im looking for the expensive price range|We have one expensive hotel in the east. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced cheap and has free wifi?|How about autumn house?
Actually, can you find me a cheap place instead?|Autumn house is cheap but it is a guesthouse. Is that okay?
No, I need a hotel please.|I'm sorry, there doesn't appear to be any cheap hotels located in the east.
how about one that has free parking?|no I am sorry something else perhaps?
You mentioned earlier about the Autumn House being a guesthouse that is cheap in the east. I guess I can do a guesthouse. Let's book there please for Friday.|Of course! How many rooms will you require and for how many days?
There will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting Friday please.|Booking was successful. The reference number is : RHFZM04W.
I will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:00. I will need the car type and contact number.|Where are you going?
I am going to the restaurant|Alright, I have you in a yellow volvo and their contact number is 07925575178. How else can I help?
Thank you for the booking of my taxi.  That is all for now.|Enjoy your visit to the restaurant.
can i get a place to go which is a collage?|I can help.  What part of town are you looking to spend time in?
No place in particular, might you suggest one for me please and give me the postcode|queens' college is in the west and has the poccode cb39et
please also find me information about  warkworth house|Warkworth house is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the east end. Would you like to book a stay?
Yeah , 2 people 3 nights on tuesday, I am taking the wife out for a surprise trip.|Oh! What a wonderful surprise! I've booked a room for three nights for the two of you at Warkworth House beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is QHYB953G.
Thank you very much. I think that's all I need today.|So glad we could be of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and I hope your wife enjoys her surprise trip!
I'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?|There are 33 hotels, is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm looking for somewhere classy and expensive, where they don't skimp on amenities like free wifi. Are there any like that?|We have five hotels that meet that criteria. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Are any of them guesthouses?  I would prefer a guesthouse.|No, they're all hotels. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a moderate price range?|There are no expensive guest houses.
I would settle for a moderate price ranged one.|There are some in the north and one in the east.  Does either option sound better?
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. For 4 people for 5 nights on thursday.|Do you want a hotel in the north or east?
It doesn't matter. Whichever one you think is best.|How does acorn guest house sound? They're on 154 chesterton rd and you'd get free parking, too.
Okay great! Can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?|Done! Your reference number is 1CD4LZ9R. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
No that was all I needed thanks so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I would love to get your help in arranging taxi service from Rajmahal to the Worth House. Can you help me with that?|I'll need to know when you would like to leave Rajmahal or arrive at the Worth House first.
The taxi should arrive at the Rajmahal by 16:15|Great, I booked you a white audi the contact number is 07071131148. Anything else I can help you with.
Wait! I made a mistake! I need it to reach the Worth House by 16:15 not the Rajmahal.|That's correct. The taxi will depart Rajmahal and take you to Worth House by 16:15.
Thanks. That's all I needed today.|No problem! Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Yeah, I'm going to be looking for some british food.|There are several restaurants close to your location, how about one called, restaurant one seven? The restaurant is located on De Vere Univeristy Arms Regent Street City Centre.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?|Yes, Restaurant One Seven is located in the centre of town, as are 4 other restaurants with British food.
Is it expensive? I'd like to really paint the town red!|It is in a moderate price range.
Is there a restaurant in the Centre that serves British food and is in the expensive price range?|Yes, there are 3 - Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. My favorite is Midsummer House Restaurant - utterly decadent! May I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Reserve a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LIF9IWL5. Anything else.
Yes, i'm looking for places to go in the same town as the restaurant, any ideas and may I know the entrance fee, if there is one please?|There are 44 attractions in your area. Can you let me know what type of attraction you are interested in.
Any type is fine, so please list all 44 attractions.|all saints church is a great place. Would you like to know more ?
Just whether or not they have an entrance fee.|No it's free to enter, anything else?
Just a taxi to get me from the church to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Great. I was able to book your ride for you. Your driver will be in a yellow Volvo and you can reach them at 07341534913.
Cool, thank you! I won't be needing anything else. Have a good day!|Great, I hope you have a lovely time in town!
I'm looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant|Nandos in the South and Nandos City Centre in Centre meet that criteria.  Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes, could I get the location and the phone number please.|Do you want the information on Nandos in the south or the Nandos City Centre?
I prefer the Nandos in the City Center. Also, I need information about museums or art galleries in the west.|Nandos' number is 01223327908. There are several museums in the west. I've heard that Cafe Jello Gallery has some lovely pieces. Or would you like to hear about the others?
Yes, I am looking to kill some time in town. Are there any museums on the west side?|Yes, Cafe Jello Gallery fits that bill. Admission is free and it is located at Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street.  There are others in the area as well.
Thank you. What is the post code for Cafe Jello Gallery?|Their postcode is cb30af.
Great I also need to get a taxi between the two places.|Okay.  Which site will you need to be picked up from, and what is your timeframe?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 04:00.|I have booked the taxi for you picking you up at 04:00 at nandos going to the cafe jello gallery. Look out for a grey toyota.
Can I get a contact number at least?|The contact number is 07107662669.
Thank you, that should be all for today.|Thank you for using the service, have a good day.
Please find a park in the north.|Sure, there is Milton Country Park in the north.  What would you like to know about it?
Could I get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?|The address is milton country park, milton, the postcode is cb46az and it is totally free to enter.  Can I assist you further today?
Thanks.  I also need an expensive restaurant.  Do you know of any Asian Oriental places?|We have two such places in the center and North of town. Do you have a preference?
I'd like the one in the north, please?|okay, would you like me to book that for you
no, just their phone number and address please|Kymmoy's phone number is 01223311911 and the address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
Now I would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to leave the park?
I'd like to leave at 21:30. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|Your Booking is complete the car type is a blue volkswagen and Contact number is 07433449642.
May i assist you with something else?
I'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.|There are no hotels in that area with free wifi, can I look up a different area or guesthouse?
Yes, I'd like a place in the north with a 4 star rating including free wifi please.|I'm sorry that area doesn't have anything matching those criteria. May I try another area?
Is there a guesthouse?|Yes, the Avalon is exactly what you're looking for. It offers internet (but no parking). Would you like me to book a room for you?
And the Avalon is in what part of town?|Avalon is in the north. Can I book you a room?
No thanks can I just have the address and postcode? I also need help finding a restaurant.|The address is 62 gilbert road and the post code is cb43pd.
Okay, thank you.|Can I help you with any thing else?
Yes I need a romanian place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's expensive.|There are no romanian places at any price range there, but we have 5 expensive restaurants, shalI run another search?
What about Indian food?|I'm sorry. I don't have any expensive Indian restaurants either. Would you be willing to try another price range or area?
No thank you that will be all|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
Please find a place to eat that serves Korean in the west.|There are no korean restaurants in the west. Can I try another search for you?
really? it should be in the expensive price range.|Yes really, the machine never lies.  We have 9 expensive places to pick from, no korean but indian and thai are available, any preference?
I would definitely like some Indian food right about now.|There are 5 expensive restaurants in the west part of town serving indian food.
Can you recommend one and provide me with their address?|Of course! I'd recommend the Rice Boat restaurant. The phone number is 01223302800. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to go near the restaurant.|There are 13 entries for attractions in the west. What kind are you interested in?
Are there any museums in the area?|Yes, there are 7 different museums in the west. If I may, might I suggest Kettle's Yard. They offer free admission as well.
I like free!  Do you have the address so I can find it on the map?|It's located on castle street. cb30aq is the postcode.
Thanks. May I also go backwards and get the postcode and address for the Rice Boat restaurant, before arranging for a taxi?|Not a problem. The postcode is cb39ey.
I would also like a taxi that leaves the attraction by 9:00.|Your car type is a yellow bmw and its contact number is 07512121849. Is there anything else?
There is nothing else. That is all for today.|Thank you for calling. Please reach out if you have anything else we can assist with. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay. It needs to have free parking.|the acorn guest house is a guesthouse located in the north in the moderate price range, interested in that one?
Is there any 4 star hotels in the east?|There are 3: huntington marriott hotel, the cambridge belfry, and university arms hotel
It doesn't have to be a hotel. I just need something with a 4 star rating with free parking.|May I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse? It's in the north and moderately priced.
I suppose that works, I need to book it for 2 nights starting from Thursday, for 4 people.|It looks like I can't book that at this time, would you like to change your day, or try a different length?
Actually, can you look for a guesthouse with the same specifications?|i could book for you arbury lodge guesthouse
Can you find me a spot to stay with free parking and a 4 star rating?|The Archway House is a four star hotel with free parking. Will that work?
Is it a guesthouse and in the moderate price range?|Yes it's a moderately priced guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
No but I do need the phone number and address.|Sure, the address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need the name of a swimmingpool in town.|I have 4 different swimming pools in town. Is there an area of town you'd like one in?
I have no preference.  Can you pick one for me?  I'll need the postcode and phone number please.|parkside pools is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Can you get me a taxi between the guesthouse and the swimming pool please?|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at 23:15, a midnight swim would hit the spot.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07411725780
That is all I need.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No that's all, thank you.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a chinese restaurant. I want a place that is expensive and classy.|I have 9 expensive chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Nope. Pick the place with the most stars, and give me the address and postcode.|Yu Garden is an expensive Chinese restaurant located on the east side of town. Would you like the address for this one?
Yes I would like the address and the postcode please.|The address for yu garden is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Would you like me to book this restaurant for you?
Not right now. Could you please pick an attraction in the centre of town and give me the name and type of attraction?|Sure! Hughes Hall is an excellent free college attraction. Would you like more information?
Great, can I get a taxi from Hughes Hall at 15:30 going to yu garden  please.|yes I will order that for you.
i need a place to stay|Okay, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the expensive range.|I'm sorry I don't have anything that matches that criteria.
Okay. Do you have anything matching that description in the moderate price range instead?|Yes, I have 9 options for you!
Can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday?|Sure, your all set for the acorn house, your confirmation number is C9BFUP76. Anything else today?
I would like something fun to do in the middle of town.|Club Salsa is a fun nightclub in city centre. The address is 1 station road. Is this the type if attraction you were interested in?
I'm actually looking for a place that's considered an entertainment venue.|I'm sorry. There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area I can look at for you?
How about a college instead?|There are 13 colleges to visit in the city centre. If I may recommend something, Gonville and Caius College is quite lovely this time of year, and their entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you get me a taxi to the college.|Sure, are you wanting to depart from Club Salsa? When do you want to arrive by?
I want to leave from the college by 21:45.|a yellow lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07394743524, anything else today?
No, that'll be it for me. Bye|Okay, goodbye and have a great day
I'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.|I have the cambridge belfry hotel located in the west side that has a 4 star rating.  Can I make reservations for you?
Doe it have free wifi?|Yes it does . Would you like a room booked?
Not at this time, can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need information on colleges to see in the west please.|sure, there are five in that area.
I need the address and postcode of one you recommend.|The churchill college is located at storey's way and the postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure. What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to go from the Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. I want to leave the college by 01:45.|Your booking has been completed from Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. The taxi will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07976361000.
I want to find some good places to go in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. What kind of attraction do you want to visit?
It doesn't really matter. What's your recommendation?|Holy Trinity Church is popular for its architecture. Christ's College finds people touring the campus. Or, Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum. Any of those interest you?
Cambridge Contemporary Art, what's their post code?|The post code is CB21SU. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for your help!|My pleasure! Have a good day!
I am looking for the university arms hotel please.|Yes the University Arms hotel is located in the Centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Not now, I just need the address and also to know whether there is free parking.|There is a parking for the hotel, we will be happy to take your reservation at your earliest convenience.
Could you please give me the address of the hotel?|Their address is Regent Street. What else can I help you with?
Thats great thanks.  I am also looking for a college in the centre to visit- can you make a recommendation?|Sure. Christ's college is a nice, free attraction. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, as long as it is in the Centre.  Could I also get the postcode?|The post code is cb23bu and contact number is 01223334900.  Anything else I can assist with?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me between the hotel and the college? I want to leave the college by 3:30|I've booked a taxi for you, it's a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07148390604.
Great, that's all I needed.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a very nice place to dine. Something expensive.|We have many excellent and expensive restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
Not exactly. However I would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the north.|We have Saigon City, offering Asian Oriental cuisine. Phone: 01223356555 address: 169 High Street Chesterton, and postcode: cb41nl.
Great I also am looking for an attraction called club salsa.|I found the place you are looking for! Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes I also will need the entrance fee for Club Salsa, and what type of attraction is that?|Club Salsa is a nightclub, entrance fee is 5 pounds. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you!  I also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. I want to leave by 11:30.|Taxi has been booked, a white audi will be picking you up at the restaurant, contact number is 0735045835.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, you've been a great help!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Please call us back if you have any other questions!
Hi.  Can you book me a taxi to the Ugly Duckling from Dojo Noodle Bar?|What time would you like to leave, and what time do you want to arrive by?
The taxi needs to arrive by 19:30.|I have booked you a red volkswagen. The contact number is: 07820586917. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, that's everything.|Thank you for choosing us for your booking. Have a great day!
Hello, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. I want it in the centre of town, in the cheap range.|We have 15 inexpensive places to dine in the center of town. Is there any particular cuisine you'd like?
That's great! Can you see if one of them serves portuguese food, please?|The nandos city centre serves portuguese. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Book it for 8 people on saturday 14:30.|cBooking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Sure how about a booking at 13:30?|You are all set for 13:30, the reference number is 0AH6HXGL and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.|How about castle galleries? It's a museum in the centre of town.
Yes, may I have the address and the phone number?|The address is unit su43,grande arcade, saint andrews street
I will also need to book a taxi for commuting between the restaurant and museum.|Okay, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:30. Also could you provide me with the phone number for Castle Galleries?|Yes, it is 01223307402. Anything else today?
I need the contact number and car type for the taxi please.|Sure. The car is a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07422508366
Excellent. Thank you for your help.|No problem.  Is there anything else you need?
I think I'm good, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
No, that should be all.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
I am looking for something to do on the north side of town.|You could check out the riverboat georgina, located with the cambridge passenger cruisers at the jubilee house.
Sounds good. What's the address?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Also, can you find me a place to stay, in moderate price and includes free wifi?|There are 17 offerings. What part of town are you interested in?
The part of town doesn't matter, and I don't need free parking.  Which would you recommend?|Is there a price range you would like to look for?
Moderate price range.|The acorn guest house is nice. Would you like to book a reservation there?
I don't need a reservation right now. Just the address, postcode, and number of stars for that hotel, please.|Sure. The address is 154 Chesterton Road, the phone number is 01223353888 and it is a 4 star hotel. Anything else I can help with?
Very well. I also want to book a taxi to take me there, to leave by 10:15.|OK, I have a grey Volvo picking you up at the riverboat georgina and heading to the acorn guest house at 10:15. The contact number is 07727986161. Will that be all?
yes, that is all good bye|Thank you, and have a great day!
I'd like to book a taxi, please. I need to get from the lensfield hotel to peking restaurant.|What time do you want to be picked up at the lensfield hotel?
I would like for the taxi to arrive by 06:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07547694043
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves malaysian food.|There are no expensive Malaysian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type of food?
No, I was really hoping for Malaysian.|I am very sorry, there are no malaysian restaurant results at all.  Would you like help finding a hotel or attraction?
Maybe later. What about a restaurant that serves indian food with the same specifications?|There are many different Indian options. I can narrow it down for you if you tell me what area you would prefer.
West side would be great.|The 5 indian restaurants are: tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house. Would you like to book a table at one of these places?
Go ahead and book rice boat. Please also give me the postcode and phone number as well.|Great, I'll book a table at rice boat, how many people will be dining and do you have a date and time preference?
I just need the phone number and postcode.|No problem. The postcode is cb39ey and the phone number is 01223302800.
I'll also need a place to stay. A hotel, please, in the same area as the restaurant.|I have two four star hotels that meet your criteria, huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry. Woul you like me to book a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, can I get the address? Oh, and do they have internet?|the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdo and they do have internet.
Excellent. I'd better also book a taxi.|What is the departure site for the taxi and what is your destination?
I'll just need a taxi from the restaurant at 9:00 to the hotel .  Can you provide their contact number and the car type?|Yes! They'll pick you up in a black skoda. Their contact number is 07619432519. How else may I assist you?
That was everything. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a park to go visit.|There are 5 parks here in Cambridge, did you have a particular area of town you'd like?
No, not really, do you think you could recommend one?|Yes. Cherry hinton water play is located in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes. Can I please have the phone number and address?|Certainly. The park is located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a four star hotel in the south.|There are no four star hotels in the area, could I look somewhere else or another star rating?
Are there any four star guesthouses in the South?|There are no four star guesthouses in the South. Is there a different type of four star guesthouses that you are looking for?
How about just any guesthouse in the south, then?|There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you rather have something in the price range of moderate or cheap?
I guess moderate would be better.|I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. It's moderately priced and located in the south with free wifi and parking. Would you like assistance booking there?
OK. Yes, can you book the hotel?|Of course. I just need to know your arrival day, how many nights you'll be staying, and the number of people.
It doesn't matter. None of those matter.|I apologize but it in order to assist you with booking I would need to know how many in your party and the day and length of your stay.
I don't need to book a room. I just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the guesthouse you found.|Sure, aylesbray lodge guest house phone number 01223240089, postcode cb17sr and price range moderate.
Can I also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at 23:30 going to the attraction we discussed?|I have confirmed your taxi, a blue audi will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07496908373. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all, you have answered all my questions|I'm glad we could be of service. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day as well.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you find me a good moderately priced hotel in cambridge?  No guesthouses please.|the cityroomz is located downtown. would you like more info?
Thank you! I am looking for a place in the West part of town, though. Are there any available?|No, I'm sorry. Not in the moderate price range. I do have a cheap 4 star though. Would you like to check it out?
How about any guesthouses that are moderately priced in the west with free parking?|What about the hobsons house with internet and parking?
that sounds good. there will be 7 persons for 3 nights starting on sunday|I was able to book that for you successfully. our reference number is CW5RJ5HB. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to find a restaurant in the same area as my hotel. I don't care about the type of food.|There are 14 options to choose from, is there a particular cuisine you are wanting to try?
I don't care what cuisine, but i'd like one in the moderate price range.|Okay, I see three options here, which are british, indian, or italian food types. I recommend prezzo. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book that restaurant for 7 people on sunday at 11:00|Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the reference number please?|Reference number: D7277SMZ.
I need a taxi to get me to the restaurant please.|And what time would you like the taxi?
I want to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 11:00.|A yellow volvo is booked. contact number: 07514653314
Thanks for all your help!|My pleasure.  Is that all
Yes that should be everything that I need thank you very much for your help.|You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|I have many. Is there a certain area you are looking for?
Yes it can be in centre. I would like to book it for 1 person at 20:00 on Saturday.|OK, I booked a table for you at Saffron Brasserie. Your reference number is 65G14AF2. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks, that will everything.|Thank you for using our service today.
You're welcome, thanks.|Are you sure there is nothing else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a guesthouse in the north.  I want it to have 2 stars.|There are no guesthouses that meet your criteria, can I check something else for you?
Are there any hotels in that area instead of guesthouses?|There is the ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is there a room at the Lovell Lodge available for 1 person on Saturday for 3 nights?|You are all booked! Reference number is 6O4VAAHM.
Great, thanks! Now I'd just like a taxi to take me from Lovell Lodge to Saffron Brasserie by 20:00. Please give me the car and contact info|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07515009678
Thanks that will be all. Goodbye|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.
looking for places to go in town and be in the South|What type of attraction are you looking for?
The attraction should be in the south.|how about nusha? it's located in the south.
What's the entrance fee?|Unfortunately, Nusha has not provided any information on entrance fees. I can seek other options, if you'd like.
then find me a particular hotel called cityroomz|There is a hotel called Cityroomz in centre located at Sleeperz Hotel, station road. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it.|When will you start your stay?
I need it for Thursday night, for four nights, for 4 people.  I'll also need a taxi by 10:15.  I need the car type and contact number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Y3CFU8WN.
Thank you. I'd also like to book a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 10:15.|Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07264671188   All set.  What else can I help with today?
I think I got everything I need thanks to you!|Well, you are very welcome.  I hope you have a great time!
Find me an expensive place to stay on the south side, please.|There is only one expensive hotel on the south side. Would you like to book at The Lensfield Hotel?
Could you tell me if The Lensfield Hotel has at least a 4 star rating?|It has a 3 star rating.
I see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the south side?|No, The only hotel I see has a 3 star rating.
How about a hotel in the cheap price range?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse is a 4 star.
Yes I would like to make a booking.|Okay, how many guests and how many nights would you like me to book?
You know I also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the south area.|You have your choice of The Lucky Star, with Chinese cuisine, or Nandos, a portuguese restaurant.
Lets go with The Lucky Star. I need a table for 8 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Great it's all booked the reference number is MXDZ66IK
I would also like a taxi to arrive by my booked time. can i have the taxi contact number and car type|Sure, the car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07235433780. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is all. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to find a place to eat and would prefer Indian food.|It would be my pleasure to assist you in your restaurant search. Do you have a preference on price point and/or area of the city?
I would love for it to be in the east and be moderately priced.|There are two indian restaurants in the east, curry price and rajmahal. Would you like me to book you a table at one?
Yes please. Could you make a reservation for 8 at 18:15 on Wednesday?|I'm sorry sir, neither restaurant is available at that moment.  Do you want to try a different day or time?
how about 17:15. Get me a reference number for that.|I have booked you at the curry prince. Reference number is  MRQELLG2. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I could use a suggestion on a great museum to visit after we eat at the restaurant.|I recommend Cambridge Artworks, which is a free museum in the same part of town as your restaurant.
Could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef, and it's free to enter.
Cool.  Can you help me book a taxi?  I need it to get to the restaurant from the museum by my reservation time.|Booking is complete, look for a grey ford, the phone number is 07959689504, may I assist with anything else?
That's all, you've been a great help!|Happy to help! Enjoy your stay.
Are there any theatres in Cambridge, particularly close to the city centre?|There are four theatres in that area. Cambridge arts theatre is a nice one in that area.
Wonderful.  Can you get me the address and postcode?|Sure, the address is 6 saint edward's passage and the post code is cb23pj.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a hotel in the north.  I want something with a 3 star rating.  Are there any available?|Yes I have two both in the moderate price range. Any preference for amenities?
I don't mind something a bit pricey, and I definitely need wifi.|Hamilton Lodge has free wifi and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds perfect.  Yes, I would like to book a room please.|When will you be arriving and how many nights will you be staying? How many in your party?
It will just be me.  I will be arriving Tuesday and staying for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is 9MSRK9GO. Do you need help with anything else?
I will need a taxi to go from the theatre to the hotel. Can you help me with that?|I sure can. What time would you like the taxi be there?
I would like the taxi to be there by 04:30.  Also could i have the contact number of the taxi?|Booking completed! Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number	: 07836799900
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Great enjoy your visit!
Hello! What is your favorite museum in town?|Cambridge artworks is a good choice
Can I have the address, entrance fee, and the area it is in?|They are located in the east. The address is 5 Greens Road. And, they offer free entrance.
I'm also looking for a Moroccan restaurant in the center of town. Is there anything like that in Cambridge?|sorry, I couldnt find any of that food type.
Aww shucks. Can you recommend another restaurant in the centre that's cheap?|Might I recommend La Raza. They offer cheap Mexican food but it is delicious. They are located in the centre.
I think I'd prefer Mediterranean food.  Can you look again?|Yes, I found the Gardenia in the centre of town.  It's Mediterranean food that is in the cheap pricerange.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, I will like a table for 5 people on Monday at 15:45.|Your reservations have been made and your reference number is  851LQWR4.
Beautiful, thank you for everything, that will be all.|excellent, have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of guesthouse.|We actually have no 1-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different search?
well anything with free parking.|Is location important?
Actually, if you don't have any 1 star guesthouses, how about a 4 star guesthouse, with free parking.|We have many options so let's narrow the list if we can. Would you rather a guesthouse in the north area of town?
I do not care book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VRX2L3AY.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to go? maybe a park.|milton county park is in the north area and has no entrance fee.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what was the name of the guesthouse you booked for me?|I'm sorry about that! it is the acorn guest house.
Can I get a taxi between Acorn and the park?|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by 04:00|You are set, looking for a grey Honda, if any issues, they can be reached at 07880531518
Great that's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre.|The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre of town and has free admission. Would you like the address and postcode?
Yes, please, that would be useful.|Their postcode is cb11ln	 and their address is 98 king street.
I also need a restaurant in the same area? Crossover food sounds good.|I'm sorry, there are no crossover restaurants in that area. Is there another type or area where you'd like me to search?
What else do you have that is cheap?|What type of food?
Hmmm, I'm hungry for some portuguese food... Have anything like that?|nandos city centre would fit your needs. can I book a table for you?
Thank you! Please book a table for 8 people at 14:00 on Thursday.|Okay, I have you booked.  Your reservation number is KUGMVJ5D.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm seeking an attraction! A boat one will be nice.|Great! I have four for you. Two are in the centre. Any location you'd like in particular?
No, I'd like the name of one in the centre please.|Sure, I can get tickets for the cambridge punter in the city centre. If that sounds okay, what day and time would you like?
Yes please! Thank you so much!|I am sorry but you will have to get ticket there and here is the address 251a chesterton road.
I am also looking for the Oak Bistro, a place to eat.|Do you want me to make a booking?
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves European food.|Sure, I have located several European restaurants, is there a particular area you're looking for?
Yes, I would prefer the north.|I'm not seeing any in the north. Would you like to try another area, or another cuisine?
That's fine. Can you find me a chinese restaurant in the same area?|Yes, we have the Golden Wok  Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sure, I need to book it for 6 people, please.|What day and time would you prefer?
I would like it to be on Friday at 18:15.|Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GS2CO4IV. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 4 attractions in the north: 1 boat, 1 park, and 2 swimming pools. Do you have a preference?
Yes the boat attraction, can I get the address and do the charge a fee, what is it?|Riverboat Georgina is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. I don't have a listing for their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902091. I'm sure they'd be happy to help.
Thanks. I would like to book a taxi between the two places and have it arrive to the restaurant by the booked time please.|I have booked you a car. It is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07486387305. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you, I won't be needing anything else. Goodbye.|Goodbye, hope you have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a hotel, can you help?|I can, we have 9 hotels, do you have anything else to narrow it down?
It should be in the centre and be on the expensive side.|I have 2 available hotels. One is the Gonville Hotel located on Gonville Place. The other is University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Which one would you like to book?
Can you book the one without wifi?|they both have internet, for what days and how many people should I book?
Do either of them offer free wifi?|As previously mentioned, they both have internet available.  I don't have specifications about the internet service however.  Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, please book for two nights beginning on Sunday for one person.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is ELYPAXQZ.
Thank you.  I'm also looking for a museum to go to in the same area.|there are 11 all with free entrance. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Can I get the address and phone number for the one you reccommend?|castle galleries is a nice place, their address is unit su43 grande arcade st andrews st and their postcode is cb23bj, anything else today?
Do you have there phone number?|Their phone is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi going between the two places.|What time do you need the taxi, and which is the destination site?
I want to arrive at the Castle Galleries by 11:15.|Your white ford taxi booking was successful. Its contact number is 07580691974.
Ok, thank you for the help.|Was there anything else you needed today?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|There are three international restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference?
I would like to find a moderately priced place and I need a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on a Thursday.|Okay I have the Bloomsbury and the Varsity restaurants. But I was unable to reserve either. Is there another time that would suit you?
Yes, could you make it for 11:15, and can you give me the reference number?|Alright, I have booked you a table for 11:15 at the varsity restaurant. Your reference number is HM90EAET. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere I could go in the centre of town?|Unfortunately I don't see anything entertainment related in the centre of town. How about another area of the city?
That's fine. I'd like to know about museums in the area instead.|Fantastic, there are 11 museums in the centre. Can I recommend the Fitzwilliam Museum, if you don't have a preference?
Fitzwilliam Museum sounds great. What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb21rb.
Great.  Now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? From The Varsity Restaurant to Fitzwilliam Museum?|At what time would you like the taxi to arrive?
Actually it's from Fitzwilliam Museum to The Varsity Restaurant I want to arrive by the 11:15 booking please.|Certainly. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter, at long as I arrive at the restaurant by 11:15.|OK, a yellow Lexus will pick you up at the Varsity and get you to the Fitzwilliam by 11:15. The contact number is 07462272535. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that will do for now!  Thanks for helping me today!|Have a fantastic day!
Thank you for all your help.|Glad I could be of assistance.
Hi, I'll be traveling to cambridge and am excited to find some places to go. Can you help me?|I will be more than happy to assist you. Please tell me what kind of attractions you are interested in? There are many categories of attractions in the Cambridge area.
im looking for a museum in the centre. may i also have the postcode and phone number for them as well?|The Broughton house gallery is in the centre. It's postcode is cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a guesthouse in the north.|What is your price range?
Any range is fine but it needs to include free wifi and parking.|Okay, I have 9 guesthouses that fit your needs. Are you looking for a particular star rating?
I do not. Can you recommend one?|I can recommend the City Centre North B and B. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I'll need rooms for 4 people reserved for 4 nights, beginning Saturday. Can  I have the reference number for that booking?|Reference number is LFBB6YNO.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will the taxi be picking you up at the hotel or at the museum?
I need picked up at the hotel by 9:15 please.|Your taxi is booked.  Look for a blue ford, their contact number is 07211297115.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is wonderful.  Have a nice day and thank you.  Bye.|You're welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Thank you and Goodbye,|If you need anything fell free to call us.
I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant. Can you tell me my options please?|Little Seoul is the only one - it's an expensive korean place in the centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, save me a table for one at 11:15 on Monday. Thanks!|I was able to make that reservation for you. Reference Number: 3GQAM8LN. Anything more I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the west side of the city.|We have several. May I suggest lynne strover gallery.
That sounds great, can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Sure thing! Their number is 01223295264. The post code is cb30aq. Anything else dear?
No,and thank you kind person for helping me!|Excellent, please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Thanks and have a great day!
i need places to go in town|What did you have in mind?
Do you happen to have any entertainment places in the centre of town to visit?|We have museums, colleges, and interesting architecture, as well as many other choices in the center of town.
Any type will do, as long as its in the centre. Can you recommend something?|Ballare, a beautiful new nightclub just opened up in the center. Entrance is just 5 pounds, would you like more information on Ballare?
Yes, can I have their address with postcode?|The postal code is cb23na and the address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I assist you further?
Yes, can I please have car type and contact number?|It seems like you are asking for a taxi. Where are you departing from and where is your destination, please?
Yes, sorry for the confusion. I want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at 05:00 and my destination is Ballare. Please give me car type and contact number|Sorry, you'll need to be more clear on your departure site please. Is there a specific hotel you're looking for?
Something in the same neighborhood, and that has wifi and parking.|I have 4 locations in the centre of town with free parking and WiFi. Would you like to book one?
I am looking for a guesthouse if there is one?|Alexander Bed and Breakfast meets your requirements.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes on Friday. I need a taxi too.|Will that be to or from the club and what time?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00.|Your all set a blue bmw will be picking you up at 5 the contact number is 07398420565, is there anything else today?
Thanks so much you have been a great help to  me.|You are welcome have a great stay.
I am looking for a park in the west area.|Unfortunately there are no parks in the west. Wanna try another area?
How about museums in the west?|Yes and Lynne Strover Gallery is a nice one and it is free. Would you like their information?
Yes please give me their address.|Yes the address is 23 high street, fen dilton.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking please.|There are 21 options. Do you have a preference for star rating, area or pricerange?
I want it to be rated 4 stars and have wifi included|There are 16 to choose from. Does price range or area matter to you?
No that does not matter to me, I just need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.  I'll need a reference number.|Booking was successful at the acorn house, reference number is Q3ABQGJE, is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to pick me up at 19:15 from the attraction and take me to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info.|The taxi will be a blue tesla
Contact number	:	07110094473
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a taxi to go to anatolia|Okay, do you have a specific time in mind?
Yes I want to arrive at 20:45|Where are you leaving from, please?
I'm leaving from castle galleries.|I've booked you a blue car, the contact info is 07733215888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all. Thank you|Great! Have a nice day!
Can you tell me what's interesting to do on the south side?|Byard art	is an art museum that is available.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the phone number?|01223464646 is their phone number. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find an Italian restaurant in the same area.|they are two. do you need the cheap or expensive one?
I'll take the cheap one. I don't need to book, but could you give me the postcode?|I have a moderate priced one, not cheap. It is pizza hut cherry hinton. Would you still like the phone number?
Yes please. I also need to postcode. I need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the museum. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.|The post code is cb17dy. I've booked your cab - it's a blue tesla.
Can I have the contact number for the taxi?|I'm sorry, it's 07086024268.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Please find a place called Club Salsa.|Club Salsa Is located at 1 station road. Do you need any more information?
Wonderful. The address was exactly what I wanted. You're so efficient.|Great I am glad I could be of help.
I am also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no moroccan restaurants in the centre of town.
Boo.  I guess I would be able to try a modern european food restaurant?|I recommend De Luca Cucina and Bar on 83 Regent Street. It is moderately priced and in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sounds good! Please book a table for 3 on Friday at 13:00 and be sure to provide me with the reference number.|Your table has been successfully booked! Your reference number is GVN0GC4A. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places|I need some more information please.  When would you like to leave and when would you like to arrive?
Can you get me from Club Salsa to De Luca Cucina by 13:00 please?|Absolutely!  Your taxi has been booked.  It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07118061422.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No not that I can think of you have done everything for me. Thank you so much for your help.|No problem, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that offers free parking.|I have many options available. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, actually I prefer to stay in the south part of town. And I would love something that offers free wifi.|The aylesbray lodge guest house meets all of your requirements and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 8 people, please?|Of course! When would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, please.  Is that available?|Great! Your room has been booked for 3 nights starting Wednesday and your reference number is NVZNJX13. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, are there any kind of boat tours available through town?|There are a few.  Do you care what part of town?
In the centre of town, if possible.|Yes there are two companies that offer boat tours in the centre of town, Scudamores Punting and The Cambridge Punter.  Would you like more information?
Sure but I also need to book a taxi to leave the attraction by 6:45.|Ok. I can help you book a taxi from Scudamores Punting. Where do you want to go from there?
To my hotel.|Great! I have booked your taxi, which should be a White BMW and its contact number is 07719541714.
Great, thank you!|May I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks|It was a pleasure assisting you. Enjoy your stay.
Hello, I'd like to get some info about a restaurant in Cambridge!|OK, do you need information on a specific restaurant or do you want me to run a search?
I want an expensive indian restaurant, please.|I have 14 entries showing. Would you like a certain area of town or I could recommend the cocum in the west area?
I'll give the Cocum a try. Please book a table for 6 for 12:45 on Thursday.|Reference number is : HEBFPW6J. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel to stay at.|I have one in the south and one in the centre.  They are both expensive, with free parking and wifi.  Can I help you make a booking at one?
I'll go with the one in the south. I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights from thursday.|gonville hotel is a nice place ,I will book it for you
Yes please.|Our reservation system seems to be having trouble. In the meantime let me double check on the amenities. The Gonville is a hotel rather than a guesthouse - is that okay?
Can you try that booking now and see if it will go through this time?|Unfortunately, the booking system is still down.
Can you find a taxi for me?|What time will you need a taxi?
I need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by 12:45|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F5HL5G1J.  is for your hotel.
Thats it thanks|Glad I can help. Do you need anything else ?
I'm sorry, what did you say? Is that reference number for the hotel or taxi?|That's the reference number for the hotel.
Okay can you do the taxi now please?|Yes, a red skoda is booked now. The number is 07003213138
Great, that's all I need. Ta ta.|Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I want to visit a sports centre that allows for multiple different sports.|There is a mutliple sports attraction called the Cherry Hinton Village centre in the east, would you like the address?
I am looking for something in town centre, is there a place for multiple sports in that area?|The only multiple sports center is in the east.  Would you like to try a different attraction in the centre?
I there a college instead?|There are 13 colleges in the centre. If you are looking for a recommendation, I would definitely suggest Hughes Hall. They have free admission and are located on Wollaston Road.
Could you give the the phone number for that one?|The phone number for Hughes Hall is 01223334898. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the same area.|The Ugly Ducking is in the expensive price range in the town of Centre.  Would you like more information or for me to book for you?
I just need the phone number please.|There is no phone number listed for them I would suggest sending them an email.
Can you help me book a taxi from Hughes Hall to the Ugly Ducking by 11:30?|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07795998512.
Thanks so much you've been a huge help|You are welcome it is my goal to provide great service!  Enjoy your stay.
Thanks! Looking forward to it!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the southern part of town.|Would you be interested in a museum?  The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Way in the south.
That sounds good. Can you tell me the entrance fee and phone number?|Sure thing! It has free admission and their phone number is 01223464646.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
I also need a really expensive place to stay.|In what area would you like to stay?
Area does not matter. I do need free wifi.|May I recommend University Arms Hotel, in the centre city? It has four stars, free wifi & parking, and is quite luxurious. Would you like to make a booking there?
Is it a guesthouse? I would prefer a guesthouse.|There are no guesthouses matching your requirements.
OK, then what about the moderate price range?|Yes, there are 14. Which area were you looking for?
I am looking for a place in the south side of town.|I have 2 options in the south. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Bridge Guest House is 3-star rated. The other is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House which has 4-star rated.
Sounds good. Can I book a room for one person for two nights starting tuesday?|Booking was successful, the reference number is AQIMZ6OO. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me a car to pick me up from the museum and take me to the guest house?|Sure! What time would you like to leave the museum?
I want to leave the museum by 7:30.|OK, a grey honda should be picking you up at the museum, the contact number is 07694082426. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help.|It was my pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
You have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you so much. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves seafood. Can you help?|I have one, Loch Fyne. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, do you know how much it costs?|The restaurant is expensive.
I would like to book somewhere with moderate prices. What other options do I have?|I have 21 restaurants in the moderate price range but none serve seafood, would you like to try another type of food?
How about one that serves modern european.|I have the riverside brasserie located at doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Would you like reservations?
yeah, i need reservations for 6|When would you like those reservations?
I'd like them for Friday at 18:15, please. Table for 6.|Would you like a reference number?
Of course I'd like the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BLM7RVCW.
thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
Please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are many to choose from.  What kind of food are you interested in?  Asian, gastropub, indian, eupopean?  Any idea?
A gastropub sounds great.|I suggest the slug and lettuce on Green Street. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes, please, I need a table for 8 on Tuesday at 17:45.|I got your table all booked, your reference # is: O33823V4.  Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like to find a place to go in town|Anything in particular you like to do?
How about a multiple sports place near that restaurant.|the cherry hinton village center is in the east, would you like the address?
No thanks, I just need the phone number please.|01223576412 is the phone number.  What else can I assist you with today?
I also need a taxi to go between the two.|Sure, where and when would you like to be picked up?
I will need to be picked up by 5.|Which place do you want to be picked up from?
From the Cherry Hinton Village Center, please.|Okay, I have booked your taxi. It will be a black Volkswagen and your contact number is: 07019317320. Is there anything else?
Nope.  I am all done. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need to book a taxi.|Could you tell me when and where from you would like to be picked up?
I need picked up at saffron brasserie after 1:30.|and what is the destination?
I would like to go to whipple museum of the history of science.|Sure.  A white Lexus will pick you up at 1:30 at Saffron Brasserie.  The contact number is 07399627486.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That will be all.  Thank you so much for your help.  Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a wonderful day.
Hi, I'd like some info on where to eat in Cambridge!|I would love to help! What kind of food do you prefer?
I like expensive Chinese food.|I have results for 9 expensive Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would be interested in dining in the North.|There are 2 in the north. One is Hakka and the other is The Hotpot. Which would you prefer?
I will take a table for 6 at Hakka for 13:30 on Wednesday, please.|I was able to book you for a table for 6 on Wednesday at 13:30.  Your Reference number is : 5PTMTL2C.  Is there anything else you need?
Would alike a hotel in the East with free WiFi and free parking that is a 3 star.|Sorry, no records found. Would you care to try a different area or star rating?
Okay could you try the north then instead?|I have found the Hamilton Lodge which meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book the lodge for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful, your reference number is BCUQ481V, is there anything else?
Great, that's perfect. Are you able to find us a taxi, too? That would be awesome if you can.|I sure can, what time would you like to be picked up and where are you leaving from?
I need to be picked up from the hotel and get to the restaurant by the booked time.|I was able to get you a taxi it is a white tesla contact number is 07305303624. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That will be all, thanks. Have a good day|Have a wonderful night and best wishes on your trip.
can you recommend a good place to go in the centre?|Yes! What type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me please. I need the postcode, entrance fee if any and phone number|the fitzwilliam museum is a museum is free. Postcode: cb21rb. Phone: 01223332900.
Also looking for a 4 star hotel in the same area as the museum.|We have the University Arms, which is an expensive hotel, or the Alexander B&B, which is a charming, but inexpensive, guesthouse.
Can you book a room there for 2 people and two nights? I'll need a reference number as well.|What day will you be staying?
i will be staying for 5 days|I'm sorry... are you staying with two people for two days, or alone for five days? Which days would you like me to reserve?
Never mind the booking. I need a taxi.|Okay what time do you need the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 20:00.|What is your destination?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is my destination.|The taxi is all set, look for a grey toyota, they can be reached at 07596698267 if there are any issues.  Any other questions?
Thank you that's all I needed today.|you are welcome all the time
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a hot nightclub around the centre.|There are five nightclubs in the centre. Is there another way I can narrow it down?
Please recommend one that sounds interesting, and give me the entrance fee, address, and postcode.|The club salsa is located on 1 station road. The postcode is cb12jb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere to eat, preferably on the cheap side and serving eritrean.|I am unable to find anything that matches is there something else you would like to eat
How about Chinese food?|There are a few to choose from. Charlie Chan could be good, it's also in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please. Book it for 6 people on Monday at 15:15.|I'm so sorry, but they were unable to accommodate that day and time. Would you like to try for a different time slot or another day?
Yes,what is another good time available for Tuesday night?|I have tried different restaurants and different times for Monday, but there doesn't seem to be availability.  Would you like another day or maybe a different food type?
Could you try it for 14:15? Any cheap Chinese place will do, it doesn't have to be in the centre.|No problem, I have you booked for 6 people at The Lucky Star on Monday, at 14:15. Your reference number is VU6VN1X4. Anything more?
I would also like to book a taxi to go from the nightclub to the restaurant, arriving by the reservation time.|Alright, I have booked your taxi to go between the two destinations. You will be riding in a Black Toyota. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could I get the contact number for the taxi company as well please?|The contact number of the taxi is 07791994031. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|You're are very welcome. Have a great day.
Can you suggest any museums?|There are a wide variety of museums, do you know which area you'd like to visit?
What do you think is the best museum in the city?  Just let me know the name, phone number and area of city.|I would highly recommend Cambridge Artworks, the gallery is stunning. It is located at 5 Greens Road in the East.
I am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve european food in the cheap price range?|I have the river bar and steakhouse on Quayside Off Bridge Street
Is this a restaurant or a bar?|This is a restaurant, anything listed under restaurant is a restaurant and not a bar.  Would you like me to book you?
Sure, let's book it for 7 people on sunday, let's say around 19:45 please.|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Can you try the same day and number of people at 18:45?|The booking was successful. Please remember the table is only reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is SC7WR3PE.
Thanks. I would also like to book a taxi between the two places.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 18:45|I was able to book your taxi. It is a grey bmw and contact number is 07373540182
Thats all I needed, thanks|You're welcome. Let us know if we can be of anymore assistance. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, would you be able to recommend a museum?|Sure.  There are 23 different museums in the city.  Is there an area of town or type of museum you were most interested in?
I don't have a preference. Can you please recommend one?|I would recommend the byard art. Will that work?
That would be perfect. May I get the area, phone number and address?|Yes, the address is 14 King's Parade.  Was there anything else you would like to know?
What about the area and phone number?|The Byart Museum is located in the South area and the phone number is: 01223464646.
I am also looking for a restaurant.|What type of cuisine you looking for so I can narrow my search ?
A Swiss restaurant in the West.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any Swiss restaurants in the West. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Can you please try Indian food instead.|There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west. They are all expensive. I recommend cocum.
Alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for monday at 19:15. I will need a reference number as well|I am sorry, but it appears that the restaurant booking system is down right now.  Can I help you with something else?
Can you help me get a taxi?|Certain, do you want that to or from the restaurant?
I will be going from the museum to the restaurant.|Do you know what time you would like to arrive since our system is down for booking the restaurant?
Can you try to book at 18:15 instead first, no sense in setting a taxi time to the restaurant without a reservation|I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is SSCJDA5F.
Great! I want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|You taxi booking has been completed! Lookout for a blue skoda, contact number 07784289735. Can I help with something else?
I have the museum, restaurant and taxi lined up. That's everything. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful trip and thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a pricey place to stay.  Please help me if you can.|I have several options what area do you want to stay in?
I want to stay on the south side of town in a 3 star hotel that also has free wifi. Do you have any suggestions?|The lensfield hotel fits your needs, would you like info or a booking?
Can you please book it for me?|Sure, but I'll need some additional information.  How many days shall I book for?  When would you like to check in?
I want to book it for 4 nights on a Thursday for 7 people. Can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 2AGDQCL1. is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine near the hotel.|Sure thing what kind of food are you wanting?
I'd like an indian restaurant in the expensive range in the south please.|Taj tandoori fits all your criteria. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  It'll be for the same seven people at 12:45 on the same day.|Your booking for the restaurant was successful. Your reference number is LOM2SXEF.  It is on the same day. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay, I've reserved your taxi, a red toyota that will pick you up at the hotel. Please call 07100946060 to confirm pick up time.
thanks. i didnt realize the time. i need to go. but thanks for everything. bye.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need a taxi going to tandoori place.|Where will you leave from?
I need to leave from the lucky star.|Ok, what time do you want to leave?
I don't have a time in mind but need to arrive by 6:30.|I have a grey honda with contact number 07609926052 booked for you.
Okay thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help.|Have a good day. Thank you for using the TownInfo centre.
Please end this conversation as I am finished|Of course. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to drag it out. I hope that won't discourage you from contacting us again if you need help with anything.
Hi I need a taxi to pick me up at the Hamilton Lodge and take me to the funky fun house.|What time do you need to leave Hamilton Lodge or arrive at the Funky Fun House?
I need to leave after 21:00 please.|Ok, a white Volkswagen will pick you up. The contact number is 07626227594.
Thanks, that's all I needed.  Have a great day!|It has been a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful night.
I need a taxi to come to broxbourne train station by 21:15.|Sure! Where are you coming from?
I am coming from bankok city.|Please confirm. Are you departing from broxbourne train station or bankok city?
To be picked up from bangkok city, must arrive at the broxbourne train station by 21:15. Please give me contact number and type of car as well.|Your booking is complete. A blue lexus will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07268032250.  Anything else?
That's all. Thank you very much.|You are very welcome. Please let us know if we can be any further help.
Hi, I can't wait to get to Cambridge and am especially excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  I could definitely use some help with the rest of my trip.|Cambridge has many important and historic sites to visit, can you tell me what types of attractions interest you most?
Actually, skip that. Let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. I am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the centre of town.|There are 33 restaurants including Bedouin which is African cuisine.
Sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on Monday at 17:00?|Congradulatoions your reservation was successful. Your reference number is 4H8L8VFA
After dinner we would like to visit a park.  Can you find one for me.  Please let  me know the entrance fee, postcode, and area.  Thank you!|Sure, there are a number of parks.  Was there a specific area of town you were looking for?
I don't have a preference for the area.|I recommend Wandlebury Country Park on the south side of town.  Entrance is free and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thank you.  Could you also book a taxi to commute between the two places?|Definitely! What time would you like to leave Bedouin?
No, I need a taxi to Bedouin. I want to arrive by the booked time.|Your taxi reservation was successful. The contact number is 07420542713. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great. what kind of car will I be riding in so I don't get into the wrong one?|Red toyota, they can be reached at 07420542713 if there are issues, any other questions today?
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouse listings. What area would you like to stay in?
I like the south part of town and should include free wifi|I have the aylesbray lodge, bridge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like to book one today?
Does either have free parking?|Yes, they both do. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for Thursday for 2 nights and 3 people.|I was able to book it for you. Your reference number is NIFUTFQF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as the hotel?|There are 5 expensive restaurants on the south side. You can pick from Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican. Or, can I find something else for you in another area or pricerange?
Mexican sounds good. Please book it for the same day --Thursday and for the same three people at 17:30.|Your booking was successful they will hold your table for 15mins. Your reservation number is YOLN1H2G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect, thanks! Can you also find me a taxi to commute between the two places? I'd like to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|aylesbray lodge guest house to chiquito restaurant bar                                                                                                                            Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow bmw
Contact number	:	07430668137
Thanks a lot goodbye|Would that be all?
Hi! I'd like to book a taxi from Kettle's Yard to Old Schools.|Absolutely - do you have a particular arrival or departure time in mind today?
Yes, I would like the taxi to arrive by 19:30. In addition, I would like the car type and its contact number.|I have completed your booking! The car type is a white volkswagen and the contact number is 07027624842.
Thank you so much! That is all I need for now.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
Hello.  Can you book a taxi for me?  I need to travel from the Grafton Hotel Restaurant to Home From Home.|No problem at all. What time do you want to leave and arrive by, respectively?
leave after 22:30 and dont care when i arrive|Alright, I've got a white skoda coming to pick you up at the Grafton Hotel Restaurant at 22:45, your contact number for them is 07935014262.
Thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.|My system is not pulling up any 4 star hotels in East.  Would you like to try a guesthouse or another area perhaps?
Can you check for ones with a cheap price range?|There are no cheap four star hotels in the area. Another criteria maybe?
In that case, how about just a hotel in the east that has free parking?|With those requirements, I do have one hotel in the east. It is expensive 2 star rated with both free parking and wifi. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Oh man, I can't do expensive.  Is there a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap in the east perhaps?|I am sorry I have no cheap 4 star hotels, maybe a more realistic star rating?
Are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star guesthouse on the east side? What kind of city is this?|My mistake. There are three cheap guesthouses. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House all offer free parking. Would you like to make a booking?
I think you need to pay more attention, it's your job to be alert. Do they all have free internet?|Yes, all three of the guesthouses have free internet and free parking. Is there one that you would prefer?
Pick the most popular one,  I need their phone number as well and hotel type. If they have area and postal code , I will need it.|Leverton House is lovely. It's a guesthouse in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223292094, and the postcode is cb58rs. Would you like me to book that?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Asian oriental food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.|I dont have any in the east. can I check another location?
The area is not important. I just need it to be asian oriental food and something cheap.|there is no restaurant in that side of  town serving your kind of food. can we change the cuisine?
How about Chinese in the east? It should still be in the same price range as the hotel.|I do not have anything. Can I try something else?
Can you check for asian oriental? I don't care what area it is in.|I can recommend dojo noodle bar in the centre.
Great, I just need the area and postcode please.|It is located in the centre and the postcode is CB21RQ.
I would like a taxi going to dojo noodle bar. I want to leave my hotel (Leverton House) by 07:30.|I was able to book your taxi per your request.  It will be a black tesla and the contact number is 07433186357.  Is there anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
I need a taxi to pick me up at the Museum of Classical Archaeology to take me to What of a Time.|I'm sorry, did you mean Whale of a Time? I will also need you to tell me when you'd like to leave or arrive by as well.
Sorry, Whale of a Time. I want to leave the museum after 10:30, please.|The taxi is booked for 10:45 and will be a black Honda.
Great! Thanks a lot!|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you book that?|Can you tell me more details? Allenball is a 4 star guesthouse for a great price.
Is that on the west side of town? I like the 4-star guesthouse idea, but I need it to be moderately-priced and on the west side.|I have nothing on the west side can I check another area?
Hmm. I think I should stay on the west, is there maybe a cheap option available instead?|The finches bed and breakfast is a cheap option in this area.
okay sold! book it for 5 nights for 2 on tuesday, and I need the ref # too please|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is OAOWJ7FF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a great place to visit that is located near the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?|There are many colleges and museums in the west part of the city, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Doesn't matter. As long as I receive the address and post code as well.|I would suggest Magdalene College. It is located on Magdalene Street and the post code is cb30ag.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to go from Magdalene college to the hotel. I want to leave the college by 03:45|A grey skoda will pick you up at Magdalene College at 03:45 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. The driver's contact number is 07909322670.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need.|You're welcome! Enjoy your time in cambridge!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge next month and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I do need help with a place to stay.|What area of town will you be staying in?
I need information for the warkworth house for my hotel.|The Warkworth House is a guesthouse located on the east side of town in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, free internet and parking. Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number please?|I can certainly help you book a room. I will just need to know how many guests, how many days you are staying, and what day you plan to arrive.
I need it for 4 people, we're staying 2 nights starting Thursday.|You're all set! Your reference number is XM6Q1AUA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a good museum to go to.|In what area?
It does not matter and please provide the entrance fee.|I can suggest the Castle Galleries in the city centre. There is no entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get to there from my hotel?|Sure I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the attraction by 16:15. Please send me the contact number and car type.  Thank you!|You're all set! The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07137237413.
Awesome! That is all I need for now, thank you!|Glad I was able to help you today. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm interested in getting some information about the cherry hinton village centre in Cambridge.|It is a multiple sports venue on the east side of town.  The phone number is 01223576412.
What is their entrance fee?|I'm afraid that the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. Could you recommend a hotel in the west with free parking?|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel, 4 star, and offers free parking and WiFi. Would you like me to book you a stay?
Is it a guesthouse? I'm looking for a guesthouse.|No, but the finches bed and breakfast is. Can I book you a room there?
I actually don't need reservations just information.  What can you tell me about the Finches Bed and Breakfast?|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 start guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with free internet and parking.
What's their postcode?|their postcode is cb30nd
OK. Would it be possible to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the sports complex?|Yes, I can do that. I just need to know when you want to leave or arrive by, please/
I want to leave the hotel at 22:45.|A taxi has been booked. It is a grey Tesla and the phone number is 07972543757.
Thank you so much! You've been so helpful. That's all I need. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Your welcome, have a great day too!
Hi I am looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, there is no such place in town. Could you like to consider other areas of town?
how about one that is in the type of cinema?|Vue cinema is available, they are at the grafton centre, east road, postal cb11ps, they can be reached at 08712240240, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, is there a restaurant also in that same area?|what price range do you want your restaurant.
I'd like to save some money for other things, so let's find one that's on the cheap, please.|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you want to eat?
I don't care. What do you recommend out of those options?|The Dojo Noodle Bar is available, should I book it for you?
Yes. It'll be just me dining. I want to reserve thursday at 18:00 there. Give me the reference number too please|I am unable to book at this time.
Oh, that's too bad. How about Monday?|I am unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Try once more in case they fixed the system glitch, if not Ill try any other place that you recommend.|I am still unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Yes please that would be okay I guess.|How many people will be dining?
1 person at 18:00 on Monday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XL39ZCSJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you have a taxi pick me up at vue cinema and bring me to the restaurant, arriving by 18:00?|A black toyota has been booked, and you can call 07409806592 to reach the driver if you need. Anything else today?
That's everything! thanks a bunch! bye!|I want to confirm your restaurant reservation is for Dojo Noodle Bar. Sorry for the previous delay. I am glad I was able to help you. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for the Bridge Guest House.  Can you give the information about it please?|The Bridge guesthouse is in the south and is in the moderate price range, it has a 3 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  I would like to book it for 3 nights for four people, starting on monday.|You are all set! The reference number is 8KYSNB3T. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to eat.  It should serve bistro food and be expensive.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes please, could you look for a chinese retaurant in the expensive range?|I have 9 Chinese restaurants available.  What part of town do you prefer?
It does not matter. Pick and book me at one on Monday, for four people at 13:00.|You are all booked for Yu Garden. Your reference number is WV60248M. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|I'd be happy to help. Would you like to depart from the restaurant or the hotel?
The hotel please in a taxi|You're all set. A white ford has been reserved to take you to the yu garden by your 13:00 reservation. The number is 07050800030. Do you need anything else?
that's all! thank you!|It was my pleasure.
Hello, I am looking for a museum attraction in the south part of town.|Byard Art is a museum in the south. It is free and located at 14 King's Parace. Phone #01223464646.
Sorry, I think I garbled that- it's at 14 King's... what's the address again?|I am not sure what you asked the address is in the chat history. Thanks
Ok, thank you.  Also, I need a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Free parking is not necessary.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east.|There is carolina bed and breakfast that is 4 stars and moderately priced. It has free parking and internet.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. That's all the help I need today.|Thank you for using our service today!
Actually, could you find a hotel for me? I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|carolina bed and breakfast is a great pic. It is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the moderate price range with both free internet and parking
That sounds lovely. Could you book it for me please? The 4 of us are coming in on Sunday for 4 nights.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you, please do!|Done! Your reference number is LFN02VLJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I will need a taxi between the hotel and venue and I need to leave the hotel by 22:45.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Leaving the hotel by 22:45.|The car picking you up will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07911492515. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be it. Thank you.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of boat.|I found two boats for you: Scudamores Punti Co and The Cambridge Punter. Do you want more information about one or both of these?
Can you please provide me with the phone number, address and postcode for each of those?|Scudamores Punting Co is at granta place, mill lane, postcode cb21rs, and phone 01223359750. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road., postcode cb41as, and phone 07807718591.
I also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 4.|We have two place, one a guesthouse and one a hotel, what would you like?
Do either of them have free wifi?|Both have free wifi! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms Hotel is a hotel.
Allrighty, can I book a room for 3 people at the University Arms Hotel, for 4 nights starting on Saturday?|Booking was successful.  Your reference number is : WSOW3X5U.  What else can I help you with today?
nope that's it thanks for your help|Of course have a great day!
I need a taxi to come to rajmahal and want to go to kohinoor.|Certainly, and do you know what time you would like to leave?
I'd like to leave by 08:00.|Ok, when do you want to arrive?
I want to arrive by 14:00 and it doesn't matter when I leave actually|You're all set! Your car type is a yellow BMW and the contact number is 07365584187.
Thank you so much. You have been so helpful. Goodbye.|Bye, have a great night!
I've heard of your Museum of Classical Archaeology, and I'd like to know more about it.|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is in the west part of town. Would you like the address or phone number?
The west part of town? Sure, give me more info about it?|It's address is at sidgwick avenue and it is free to enter. Would you like their phone number as well?
No, but I need a cheap chinese restaurant nearby as well.|There aren't any cheap Chinese restaurants nearby but there are 4 in town. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, please.  I need it for 8 people at 14:00 Thursday and a reference number.|I have that booked for you at Charlie Chan's in the centre of town. Reference number E41S2AFE
I'll need a taxi to commute between the two.|I have you booked at charlie chan on thursday at 14:00 here is your Reference number is : E41S2AFE.
Can I please also book a taxi between the museum and the restaurant?|When would you like the leave and arrive by?
I don't mind what time we leave, but I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:00.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Skoda. Should you need to contact them, their phone number is 07389012325. Anything else?
What time did you book the taxi to pick me up at the museum?|They did not mention what time that would be, only that you'd be arriving at the restaurant by 14:00. Perhaps you can give them a ring at that contact number?
I'll do that. Could you please tell me once more the contact number and the car type?|The car type is a black skoda and the contact number is 07389012325. Is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Thank you once again for your help.|Please have a nice day.
I need a taxi to get me to holy trinity church no later than 15:30|Ok, what is your departure site?
I'd like to be picked up from don pasquale pizzeria. Please also provide the car type and contact number, one the booking is made?|Sure thing. A blue honda has been booked. Contact number is 07835205390.
Thank you. That was all I needed.|Have a great day!
I need to find a restaurant in the center of town. A place offering Vietnamese food, if possible.|There are no vietnamese locations in the centre of town.
really, it should be expensive.|There is a cheap vietnamese restaurant on the west side, but that is all.
How about turkish food?|There is one expensive Turkish eatery in city centre; Meze Bar Restaurant. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes and I need a confirmation number thank you|What day would you like to book for?
I'm not sure yet, can I have the phone number and postcode so I can book the table?|Meze Bar Restaurant is located in the cb13nf zip code, but there is no phone number listed. Would you like the address?
No, I would like to check out going to a boat.|What area would you like this in?
It doesn't matter to me.|I have 4 entries that fit.  Would you like a couple numbers, so you can call and get more info? Unfortunately, no entrance fees are listed.
No, thanks. Please just select one for me and then let me know the area and address.|riverboat georgina is in the north. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I get you anything else today?
I also need a taxi. Can you help with that?|Sure, where would you liked to be picked up?
I want to leave the Riverboat Georgina by 23:30, please.|What would be your destination please?
The acorn guest house please.|Your taxi has been booked. It is a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07308344442. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Alright. Have a good day now.
I am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.|I have five restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Asian, Chinese, European, or French food?
European sounds good!|Would you like me to go ahead with booking at city stop restaurant?
Not right now. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Sure, city stop restaurant, Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy, phone 01223363270. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you. Are there any parks in town?|there is milton country park in the north, it's in the address milton country park, milton.
Okay, thank you. What is the entrance fee?|Entrance is free at Milton Country Park.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from Milton Country park  by 20:30.|I can book a taxi for you but will need to know your destination in order to book it for you.
My destination is City Stop Restaurant.|I have booked a taxi for you for 20:30. Look for a yellow bmw. Contact number is 07961088935
Wonderful. Thanks for help.|If you need anything else, we're always here and ready to help!
Hi, I'm looking for a nice play to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi.|There are many options; is there an area of the city that you would prefer?
Yes, someplace in the west part of town would be nice.|I have 4 hotels in the west side of town. How about the Hobsons House? It's moderately priced and has free wifi.
Yes, that sounds good!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, reserve it for me for 3 people and 3 nights starting monday.|You are all set for 3 nights at Hobsons House.  The reference number is UM6SFJM6.  Can I assist you with any other plans?
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|I have a british, indian, and italian restaurant in that price range in that area of town. Which woud you prefer?
Are there any French restaurants?|I'm sorry, the only moderately priced restaurants in the west are British, Indian, and Italian.  Nothing serves french food.  Perhaps I can check another part of the city?
I would settle for Indian food.|It may not be exactly the cuisine you were hoping for, but I think you'll still have a fine meal at Meghna. Shall I book you a table?
Is Meghna Indian food?  If so, I'd like to book for the same group on the same day.|It is indeed Indian food.  To clarify you would like me to book you a table for 3 on Monday. What time would you prefer?
I want it to be at 13:00 please. I also need a taxi please|Yes, I need to make the reservation for 3 at 13:00 and I also am going to need a taxi.
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant at my booked time. I also will need the taxis contact number and car type|Your taxi will be a white toyota, contact number 07573158248.
Great, thank you for very much!  That's everything I needed!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
ok goodbye thanks for the help|You're welcome, have a great day.
Please help me book a taxi|Okay, where would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from Kohinoor.|Where are you going?
I need to get to saint barnabas press gallery please, but I can't leave until after 11:00.|Okay I have a grey honda. You're contact number is 07736905918. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Bye!|enjoy your visit!
I need to book at taxi to take me from the Fez Club to the Cambridge Punter.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I actually need to leave after 05:30.|Your booking is complete.  A yellow ford will be picking you up.
That's great, before you go, could I get the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number is 07857775322.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!|You're welcome, I'm glad I could help. If you need anything else feel free to ask.
Hi I need a taxi to jesus green outdoor pool, but I can't leave until after 18:30. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I will be leaving from the Fitzbillies restaurant.|I have confirmed your taxi, a blue tesla will be picking you up at 18:30.
Awesome. Can I have the contact number?|Of course. The contact number is 07613765039.
That's marvelous. Thanks so much. Goodbye for now.|I need  a taxi to take me from fitzbillies restaurant  to Jesus green outdoor pool at 18:30.Thanks
I am going to cambridge and I am looking for the cambridge book and print gallery|Okay! It is a museum in the West part of town at 49 Newnham Road. Admission is free.
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223694264. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderate price range restaurant that serves turkish food.|I love Efes Restaurant on King Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not right now, thank you for your assistance. Have a wonderful day.|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre.|The bedouin is a nice choice. Do you want to book ?
Is that a gastropub?|Yes. The Bedouin serves gastropub food and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 4 people at 16:30 on wednesday?|I apologize the Bedouin serves african food. Could I recommend the Slug and Lettuce, or backstreet bistro, if you would prefer something moderately priced the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
The Slug and Lettuce would be fine. It will need to be on Wednesday for 4 people. We'd like to eat at 16:30.|Okay, you're all booked.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 32V8AA4N.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.|Cambridge has 10 options that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area in which you would like to stay?
Yes, I would prefer to stay in the south.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south, with a 4 star rating, free wifi and cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a stay for 4 people, 3 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Okay, I've got it booked for you for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  The reference number is: HRT9EL5L.  Is there anything else I do for you?
Can you also book a taxi for me between the guesthouse and the restaurant?|Yes what time would you like to travel by taxi?
I would like to arrive in time for our booked time at the Slug and Lettuce.|You're all set. Your car will be a white toyota. If you need to contact the driver, you can call 07073603005.
That is all I need to know. Thanks.|You are welcome, just let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a cheap caribbean restaurant to eat at.|I'm sorry, I am unable to find any restaurants that serve Caribbean cuisine.
How about an Italian restaurant?|What area of town?
The area doesn't matter to me. It just has to be cheap.|Ok I hear good things about pizza hut city centre.  Would you like a table?
Yes. Book for 1 person on Tuesday at 16:45.|I have made those reservations your reference number is 5VEPJ46Z.
Thanks I also need a guesthouse that has free internet.|sure! do you want the hotel to be in a particular area?
No, that doesn't matter.|I'd recommend the allenbell in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Actually, I do need the hotel to be in the north. I'd also like it to be cheap.|Ok, I recommend the worth house. It's a guesthouse in the north. it's cheap but has 4 stars. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a room there. Same group, same day as the restaurant, and we'll stay 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UGEJ4902 Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get there please.|Just to confirm. You need a cab to take you to the Worth House? Where will you be departing from?
No, from worth house to the restaurant, please.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volvo and the contact number is 07887807220.
Thanks, that is all.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I am looking for a place to stay with a guesthouse set up and free parking.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Was there an area of town you were looking for?
I am looking in the Cambridge area.|I'm sorry but I am unable to find anything with those specifications.  Would you like to try anything else?
ok no preference for area any guest house|Is there a price range you'd prefer?
No that doesn't matter. Please just recommend a guesthouse for me that has both parking and internet|There are quite a few choices available for guest houses with free parking and internet. May I suggest the acorn guest house in the north part of town?
Sure, 4 people for 5 nights beginning Sunday.|Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else you need?
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range|There are many,can I get what area you are looking for?
The area is flexible but we would like free parking.|Also have many to choose from,can I please get what area you are looking for it would really narrow it down.
Any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. I need to book 3 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|Okay, you're booked into the Allen Bell guesthouse in the east area of the city. Your reference number is 2ZJFZ6XT.
Great! Can you also tell me if there are any austrian restaurants in town, preferably in the center?|There are no Austrian restaurants in the centre of town. Perhaps a different cuisine?
How about something  just in the cheap price range?|There are a number of cheap options, though none of them serve Austrian food. There are Asian Oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean, Modern European, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Okay, how about Indian food?|Kohinoor, The Gandhi and Mahal of Cambridge all fit your criteria. Any preference?
Give me info about Kohinoor.  Need their address postcode and number, please.|The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre. The postal code is cb12as & the number is 01223323639. Anything else?
I need a taxi to pick me up at the restaurant.|Sure. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 12:00.|And what will your destination be?
Allen Bell guesthouse|I have you booked with a grey tesla. The contact number is 07474877283. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for colleges in town centre, preferably free admission.|Christ college is lovely and is free admission.
What is their phone number?|It's 01223334900. Do you need anything else?
My girlfriend keeps mentioning wanting to try a great Turkish food place. Do you happen to have any in town?|I have 3 different turkish restaurants, all are located in the centre area.  Would you prefer moderate price or expensive?
Definitely expensive. We're going all out on this trip.|The meze bar restaurant meets that criteria, would you like me to book a table for you?
Just to make sure, the restaurant is in the same area as the attraction, correct?|Yes, they are both in the centre of town!
Great, can I have their number, address,and postcode?|Meze bar restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb13nf. I'm sorry there is not a phone listed for this restaurant.
I need a taxi going from Christ College and the Meze Bar restaurant. I want to leave Christ College at 06:30.|Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be blue Lexus. The contact number is 07645780776. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thats all I needed. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome.  Have a great day!
I'm taking a tour of colleges and I've heard that Cambridge is the place to go. Can you tell me about some you have there?|We have many nice ones.  What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't matter. I'm interested in a college type attraction. I also need the entrance fee, address, and area info. Thanks.|christ's college is in the centre on saint andrew's street and its free
Thanks!  If it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called da vinci pizzeria?|Of course! They are a great italian restaurant in the north part of town. They are usually very cheap. It's located on 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 6 people at 18:30 on Wednesday?|I've reserved a table for six on Wednesday at 18:30. Your reference number is NT05QS6A. Please note that they will hold the table for 15 minutes after your reserved time.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from christ's college to the restaurant.|Your taxi has been booked and the car will be a yellow volkswagen and their contact number is 07597491842. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. You've been quite helpful.|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive|I have several options for you; do you prefer African, Asian, or British food?
Any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. Could I get the phone number for your recommendation?|There is an Afrian place named Bedouin in the centre.  How does that sound?
Sounds good, could I get that phone number? Also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?|Bedouin's phone is 01223367660. As far as hotels go, I recommend the University Arms Hotel in the center of town.
Yes. Can you book it for me?|Sure, when would you like that reservation?
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is FRGZWQL2.  May I help you further?
That is all I need to know. Thanks, good bye.|Thank you so much for Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
What is the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|Address is Hills Road. Is there anything else?
Can I also get their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you! Can you also help me find a hotel?|I sure can. What kind of hotel are you interested in, in what part of town and what's your price range?
I'd like a 4-star place with free wifi and parking.|We have 3 hotels and 16 guesthouses across town to choose from! Do you have any preferences?
I would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending Wednesday and Thursday night.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
Well, I was going to visit Christ college so same area is that.  I forgot to ask you earlier, I always confuse hospitals and colleges.|Christ College is in the Centre. Would you like me to look for a hotel there?
it doesn't matter. i will be looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|I have found a guesthouse and a hotel in the Centre near Christ College. The guest house is priced cheap and the hotel is expensive. Do you need a booking?
Please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 2 nights.|I have made reservations for your party of 8 at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference is JN4ZA7ED. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel.|How many people will be traveling?
8 people will be traveling.|What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave by 21:00.|Okay! You'll be picked up in a grey Toyota, and the phone number is 07183775918. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|What else can I look up for you?
no Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need some info on a restaurant called royal spice.|royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north, Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Could I book a table at 17:15 on Friday, please?|Sure, how many people will be dining?
I need a table for 7 people.|I managed to book you for Friday, table for 7 at 17:15.  Your reference number is 7BATDN36.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free parking|Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I would like something moderately priced and I think I would prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel if possible.|I would suggest acorn guest house
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number?|The phone number for acorn guest house is 01223353888. Is there anything further I can assist you with today?
what is the car type?|I'm sorry, I do not understand your question. Can I help with anything else?
I'm sorry, I need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant in time for our reservation.|your all set a black honda will be picking you up contact # is 07109811358
Thank you for the information and bookings. There's nothing more. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for an attraction in the centre of Cambridge.|There are several attractions in the town centre. Are you looking for a particular type?
Yes, please find any museums in the town centre.|There is the Whipple Museum of the History of Science located in the town centre, on free school lane. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
I need the postcode. Also, is there any place in town serving barbeque?|The museum's post code is cb23rh. Sadly, there are no restaurants serving barbeque. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
I am also interested in a moderately priced place I can get barbeque.|I do apologize there are no restaurants serving barbecue. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
Are there any places that serve gastropub food?|Yes, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Sure! For 5 people at 13:45 on Sunday please. Thank you!|They are not available for that time, is there another day and or time that you would like me to check?
Sure, would 12:45 be available?|Alright, you're booked for 12:45. Your reference number is DXMY5V92.
I would also like to book a taxi that arrives by 12:45 to the restaurant. I would also like its contact number and car type.|I was able to get a blue lexus and their number is 07087322851
Perfect. Thank you very much for your help.|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a place to go in the east?|We have 5 very nice attractions in the east, do you have an idea of type of activity that would best match your needs?
Is there a museum I could go to on that side of town? If so, please provide phone number, address, and postcode.|Yes, there are 4 museums. Three are free and one has a 5 pound entrance fee. Are you looking for a gallery?
What do you recommend?|Cambridge artworks is wonderful! They are located at 5 greens road cb13ef. There phone number is 01223902168.
I'm also looking for a place to eat. I don't mind where, but I want an expensive chinese place.|There are 9 options that fit your criteria. Would you like a recommendation or would you like to narrow it down further?
A recommendation would be fine. Can I get the area they're in and post code?|I recommend yu garden. It is located in the east. The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Postcode cb58pa.
I'd also like to book a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 2:30|Ok.  I booked a taxi for you.  It is a blue audi and the contact number is 07155610417.
Thank you. That's all I needed.|You're welcome, goodbye!
I would like to visit some parks while I  am in town. Can you please suggest me some to visit?|Sure, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be on?
I would like to find a park anywhere. I need the fees , postcode, and phone number.|Which side of town would you like to be on?
I am not particular. but I also need information on a restaurant called the Gardenia.|I have the wandlebury country park on the south side of town. It is free, the phone number is 01223243830 and post code is cb223ae.
Thank you, can you also look up The Gardenia for me? It is a restaurant I have wanted to try.|The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant at the centre of town. The park I gave you the information for is not in the same part of town.
That's okay. Could you book a table for me there for two people. I'd like it to be on Sunday at 15:45.|I have your booking for 2 people, sunday at 15:45.  Your reference number is 0NG9XLAQ.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up from the Wandlebury Country Park to make it to my reservation.|Where will the taxi be picking you up from?
The taxi will be picking me up from the Wandlebury Country Park and I need to be at the restaurant by the time of my booking.|Okay the taxi has been reserved and will be a white honda. The phone number is 07229832090.
thanks so much sorry I have been such a pain. YOU need a raise!|No problem at all happy to assist.
i really have got to go. its late. thanks for your help. goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I need to find a 4 star rated place to stay with free parking.|Ok, there are 19 in town. Is there a particular part of town you're interested in?
No particular area but I would like it to be a hotel type in the moderate price range.|I would suggest acorn guest house would you like me to book this for you?
I think I'll take a drive past first and make sure it doesn't look dodgy. Can you give me the address please?|The address is 154 chesterton road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I am all set.|Can I get you set up in a room then?
Yes. 7 people 5 nights from Wednesday.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 5D2U451A.  What else can I do for you?
I was also interested in finding a place to go in town to see some architecture.|we have quite a few olds schools is great, alot of people go there
What is the entrance fee there?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll need to book a taxi to commute between Olds Schools and the hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 22:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow honda
Contact number	:	07785353163
Can I help with anything else today?
that is all for today. thanks for the help|thanks and enjoy your stay
I'm looking for a place to eat christmas food|Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that serves christmas food. Would you like me to try another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food.|Do you have a price range or area preference?
any range is fine.|Do you have an area preference?
I'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. The area doesn't matter. I just need one that is available for 3 people at 13:00 on sunday.|I was able to get you a table at Rajmahal in the east part of town at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, reference number FRFMWN4U. Anything else I can help with?
Are there any good attractions in the centre of town?|There is Holy Trinity Church on market street
Okay great, could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Yes. Their postcode is cb23nz and you can call them at 01223355397. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern european food.|the river bar steakhouse and grill offers modern european food and their prices are cheap.
That sounds good, could I please have their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is : 01223307030 and their postcode is cb58aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find information on University Arms Hotel, can you help me find it?|Sure! It's a 4-star, expensive hotel in the centre. It offers free internet and parking. Address: regent street cb21ad. Phone number 01223351241. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that's all the info I need, thanks!|Thank You, Goodbye
Thank you very much for the assistance, take care!|Thank you for contacting the Help Desk, have a wonderful day.
I need a taxi to arrive by 13:15 to primavera|I can help book that for you, first I will need to know where you need picked up from.
I'm departing from curry queen.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white bmw
Contact number	:	07843539534
Thank you, I'm all set. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.|There are a few good guest houses to choose from, like a and b guest house, acorn guest house, alexander bed and breakfast, and allenbell are all 4 stars.
Are any of those 4 star?|Yes they are. What area would you prefer?
Please recommend one that is in the North. Wifi not a necessity.|i recommend home from home. can i book for you?
Yes book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday please.  Can you suggest good restaurants in the area as well?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is LQS5D89F. What type of food would you like?
I would prefer Italian food and to be in the same area as the hotel. Thank you.|da vinci pizzeria is in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. Again, there are 5 of us on Sunday. Book us for 11:00.|Booked! The reference number is 4JW5ITOL. Anything else today?
I would like a taxi to the restaurant.|For your taxi, I need to know your departure location and a time you want to leave after or arrive by
I want to depart from my hotel and arrive at the restaurant in time for my 11:00 reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi|Contact them at 07437768895, it is a red Honda.
Thanks for your help, goodbye!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
Hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves scottish cuisine. Could you recommend somewhere near the centre?|There are currently no available restaurants with scottish food in the centre. Would you me to look in another area?
No, let's stay in the centre. Are there any Chinese places there?|Yes I have many options. What price range would you most prefer?
Any price range is fine.|How about the Charlie Chan? They are a budget-friendly Chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
That sounds good. May I have their telephone number? Also could you help me finding a 4 star hotel in the same area?|There phone number is 01223361763.  university arms hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel.  May I book it for you?
Oh, no, I really need the hotel to be cheap.|The alexander bed and breakfast is the  only cheap 4 star place in the centre of town. Will a guesthouse instead of a hotel work for you?
Yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from Thursday for 3 people. I will need a reference number as well.|I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful for three days.  Would you like to try two?
Yes please try for 2 nights instead.|A booking for 3 people for 2 days is unsuccessful. Would you like to try anything else?
The booking should be for 5 people and 2 nights. Can you please try again?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ATBUIFXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the Alexander B & B to the restaurant.  I need to leave the hotel by 3:45 at the very latest.|Sure.  Look out for a white Volvo.  The contact number will be 07936735628.  Anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you for your assistance!|Thank you. Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called golden wok.|If you go there, you are in for a treat. They have excellent food! They are moderately priced and located in the north. They are at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can you assist me in making a reservation for Friday?|Sure.  How many people will be in your party and what time would you like to dine?
There will be 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.|I have successfully made a reservation for your party at the Golden Wok for Friday. Your reference is YCGV7GX9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a 5 star hotel too with free wifi.|There are no hotels that match what you need. Would you be ok with booking a four star?
just that would be nice|Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?  Would you like it in the cheap, moderate, or expensive range?  That will help narrow it down.
A hotel, please. I'm not worried about the price.|How about the allenbell it is a guesthouse located in the east it is also cheaply priced with 4 stars.
Great can I book that for 3 nights for 7 people on friday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : BNFZMVOX.  Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Okay, what time are you leaving?
I just need to arrive in time for my reservation at 11:15.|I've booked a you a taxi, a blue volvo will come to pick you up. Their contact number is 07808756171
Thank you, that is everything I need|enjoy your stay
Thank you, I will definitely try to do that. Bye.|Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello, what places to go could you recommend in the Centre of town?|Were you interested in any type of place like a museum or architecture?
I am interested in the cinema. What are my choices? I'll need phone number and entrance fee information.|Okay, Vue Cinema is in the centre and their phone number is 08712240240. I do not have the entrance fee available.
Thank you. Can you find out some information on the oak bistro for me as well?|Oak Bistro is a British restaurant in the Centre of town. It's not too expensive, and is fairly close to the Cinema. Would you like me to book a table?
Sounds perfect.  Can you please book a table for 8 on Sunday at 16:15?|I have booked your table of 8 for Sunday at 16:15. Your Reference number is : QA3C5JW0. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for using this service goodbye
i need a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have a preference in location?
I would prefer it to be in the North.|Do you have a price range or star level in mind?
I don't care about price but I'd like a 4 star place.|I have 8 different four star guesthouses.  They all include internet, would you like to make a reservation?
Can you select one and make a reservation for me for Thursday please?|I can book you into the Acorn Guest house. How many nights do you want to stay?
Does that have free parking?|Yes, the Acorn guest house has parking
Can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning Thursday?|How many people will be staying at the Acorn, please? Is the booking for you only?
There will be 5 of us|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7FLYWY4J. I would love to help with anything else !
I also need a cinema to visit?|Do you have a particular part of town in mind?
In the same area as the hotel|Sorry, I didn't find any cinemas in the north.
Hmm, how about a park, then?|I don't have that either.
Will you please try again? There's gotta be a park somewhere.|I have 5 other parks in the centre, east, north, and south.
I just want a park in the same area as my hotel|Oh okay, looks like there is one park. It is Milton Country Park in the North. Their phone number is 01223420060. The address is milton country park, milton.
Thanks, I need a taxi to get between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by 09:15|Okay I have booked a yellow toyota for you. The contact number will be 07196305390
Great. Can you also book a place for dinner on Thursday night?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need a don't care restaurant. Thank you|I'm sorry, there was an error in our system. Could you please rephrase your question?
I need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. I want to leave the attraction by 9:15 and I need car type and contact number please. Thank you, bye..|Ok.  I booked a yellow toyota for you leaving milton country park at 09:15 and going to the acron guest house.  Is that correct?
Hi! Can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the west side of town please?|I found four hotels do you have any other requirements?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.|Hobsons House matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
No thank you that's all the information I need today.|Alright then. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm not quite done. Would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 4 nights? We'll be arriving on Friday.|Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that long a stay. Would you like to try for a shorter stay or different day?
Okay, how about a booking for 1 night?|I was able to book 1 night at hobsons house for Friday. Your reference number is R87K52QJ.
Thank you very much. That is all I need!|You're welcome!  I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.
I need a restaurant that serves Thai food, that is expensive and is in Cambridge please|Bangkok City is located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their number is 01223354382
That sounds perfect. Can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at 3:15 pm on Sunday? I need the reference number, as well.|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 3CZFPQPV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Same price range as the restaurant and in the centre of town, please.|ok i found 2 hotels in that area gonville hotel and university arms hotel which one would you like
Can I get one that has free parking?|Both offer free parking. The University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Tell me what hotel type it is?|Both of them are in the same category of "Hotel"
Thanks, I  would also like a taxi. I'll need one from the hotel to make it to my dinner reservation.|I booked a car for you, it's a white honda, the contact number is 07776292730. Did you want me to book you at the University Arms, or just the information?
No thanks. I can book it myself later on. Thank you for all your help. Have a good day. Bye.|Have a great day!
I need info on the Cambridge and County Folk Museum please.|The museum is located in the west side of town at 2-3 Castle Street. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds. Their phone number is 01223355159. Shall I connect you?
No thank you. But thank you for all your help.|Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a nice, moderately priced Lebanese restaurant in the area.  I'd prefer it to be within walking distance of the museum.|I am sorry but there is not a lebanese restaurant in the west area, but I found one in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
In the centre yes please.|Ok, it's called Ali Baba. How many people will be in your party? Also, what day and time would you like?
I would like to make a reservation for 2 people at 19:30 on Tuesday.|Okay, your table is booked. The reference number is 7GD7F8A8. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking to book a taxi between the two locations.|At what time would you like to leave the museum?
I just want to make sure I am at the restaurant by 19:30.|Your booking is completed. You will be picked up by a grey lexux. Can I help you with anything else today?
could i get a taxi as well?|Yes, I will have one pick you up
Can you give me the contact number for that taxi you booked?|Absolutely, the contact number for the taxi that I have booked for you is 07503689471.  Is there anything else I may assist you with?
What type of car have you booked?|A grey lexus will be picking you up.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. That all sounds good.|Okay do not hesitate to call us if you need something else.
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotels that has Wifi?|There are 17. What part of town would you like to stay in?
no preference. It needs to have 3 stars and offer free wifi.|Hobsons house is in the west part of town
That sounds great. I need to make a booking for sunday for 4 nights.|How many people are in your party?
Oh, yeah, five people, please.|Ok, you're all booked! Reference number is 7IM8XDQ0. Can I be of further help?
Thanks.  I'd also like to make a reservation at J Restaurant.|How many people, what time and day please?
same group of people, at 12:30 on the same day.|I've booked j's. Your reference number is ZB61EZ13. Do you need any more assistance?
Yes, please. Can I get a taxi between those 2 locations?|Sure thing is there a specific time you need to leave?
Well, I'd like to be picked up at the hotel, and I need to get to the restaurant no later than 12:30, the reservation time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black bmw
Contact number	:	07539045657
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
i need a taxi leaving after 11:15 going to kohinoor|Where will you leave from?
I will be leaving from worth house.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue ford
Contact number	:	07318036253
Fabulous. Thank you so very much.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am looking for a restaurant.|What type of food would you like?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant if available|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
I'm sorry, I'm actually looking for a restaurant that serves cuban food in the North.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request. Would like to try another part of town?
how about a french restaurant?|restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?|Yes when would you like to book?
Actually, I just need a little more information. I don't need to book right now. What is the price range for this restaurant?|It is an expensive restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.  What else would you like to know?
Just the postal code and phone number please.|The postal code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book the restaurant for you?
No but I would love it if you could find me something fun to do in the same area, maybe something boat related.|The riverboat georgina is in the north and great fun. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax. Do you need more information?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the attraction, leaving the restaurant by 15:30?|I need the name of the restaurant
It's a french restaurant, Two Two, I believe.|I have booked the taxi it is a red volvo with contact number 07626130412.
Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.|There is an Italian and a Vietnamese restaurant in that area. Would one of these work for you?
How about the Italian one? Book for 1 people at 13:00 on saturday. reference number please?|Booking was a complete success mam, your reference number is QAOD1MXA.
Thanks so much. I also need info on magdalene college|Yes sure Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138 an it is free to enter.
May I have their postcode as well?|Their postcode is cb30ag, is that all I can help you with today?
Yes, i also need a taxi between the two places.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 5:30, if that would be possible.|your booking is complete your car will be a black bmw the contact number is 07594757678. It will have you at your destination by 5:30 is there anything else?
No thank you so much for all of your help|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you help me book a taxi going from emmanuel college to churchill college?|Yes, I could! What time would you like to depart from Emmanuel College?
Anytime after 21:30 is fine for me, thanks.|Alright! I have a yellow Lexus booked to pick you up. The Contact number is 07543493643. Anything else I can help with?
No, that is everything I needed. Thank you!|Thank you! Have a great day!
I need to book a taxi to leave after 17:45 to go to Nandos.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from royal spice.|Great. I booked a white volvo for you.
Thank you. Is there a contact number you can give me, just in case?|Their contact number is 07617391159.
Great, thanks for your help!|You're very welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No thank you. I appreciate your time. Bye!|Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?|We have nine of them that fall in the price range, do you have any more specific preferences?
I was hoping for Indian food.|I have 5 places that match your wants. Would you like to try the india house?
Sure. Do they have table for 1 on Sunday at 15:45?|Confirmed table for 1 for 15 minutes on the said date. Do you need me to keep the reservation and is there any other thing i can do for you?
I'd like to have the reference number please|Yes of course. It is CHBHZPDM.
Yes I am seeking information on a particular hotel, Hobson's House.|its a guesthouse located in the west and has free internet and parking, would you like a room?
I'm not sure. What is the price range?|It's in the moderate price range.
Can I get a taxi that would take me from Hobson's House to the restaurant?|I'd love to help. When would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 15:45.|I was able to book a black bmw phone number is 07591473862
Great! Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all that I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am excited to be coming and would love to find an expensive mexican restaurant.|Then you want chiquito restaurant bar on the southend! Would you like me to book you a table?
Not right now, but could you give me their phone number and postcode?|I'd love to. The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17dy.
What area is that in?|it is in the south area.
Are there any architectural attractions near there?|There are no architecture attractions in the south.
What about something for entertainment?|Sure, most people love Tenpin, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, postcode cb17d.
What is their phone number?|08715501010 Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also help me book a taxi|Certainly, were would you like the taxi from?
I want to leave the Tenpin by 17:15 to go to the Chiquito restaurant.|How many passengers will there be?
It will just be me, so one.|You are booked for a grey Toyota. The taxi contact number is 07123501809. Do you need help with anything else?
Could I get a phone number for the restaurant please?|You can reach them on 01223400170
that's all i need thanks|Glad I could help, have a good day.
I need hotel tips, can you help?|I definitely can help with that. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price doesn't really matter.  I do prefer 4 stars though, and free parking.|I'm sorry. It appears that there are no four star hotels in Cambridge with free parking. Can I help with something else?
Could you look again, 4 star and free wifi, does not need to be hotel can be any room.|I am still getting no results. How else may I help you?
Um really? There is no 4 star accommodations with free parking in all of Cambridge? I have a hard time believing that.|Sorry, there aren't any. Could I check for something else?
Are there any places to stay that offer free wifi?|I'm sorry, there really are none that match your criteria. Are you sure you don't want to lower your star rating?
What about with wifi and no parking?|I apologize, we actually have 19 options matching your query. Do you have a preference for price range?
I don't have a price in mind.  As long as it has free wifi and parking, I just need the name, area, and type please|The acorn guest house is a guesthouse	in the north. May I help with anything else ?
I am looking for the saint catharine's college|I found that info st catharines college is located at kings parade, has free entrance and its phone number is 012233338300. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. I want to leave the college by 07:30.|Your taxi is booked, look for a blue ford, phone number is 07891245613, any other questions?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.|Okay, have a great time in town!
We are looking for a place to go while in town in the east.|I have 10 places on the east side. Do you know what type of attraction you may like?
A concerthall would be really nice. Do you have one?|I don't have any concerthalls. But I do have cherry hinton hall and grounds, which is of attraction type "Entertainment." Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes please, can I get the postal code and entrance fee?|the postcode is cb18dw. unfortunately, i don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
I would also like to find a place to eat.  Can you find a gastropub restaurant in the expensive range?|Yes, I would suggest royal standard.
Is that close to the food place ?|Yes it is. It not far at all
So the Royal Standard is in the east?|Yes, I confirm the Royal Standard is in the east. Do you want me to book it for you?
Can you give me the address and phone number of it?|Sure, the Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City, Centre, cb13nl and their phone number is 01223247877. Can I help with anything else?
Ok perfect I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where you wanting the taxi to pick you up at Cherry Hinton Hall or the Royal Standard and at what time?
I would like to be picked from Cherry Hinton at 22:00 and arrive at the Royal Standard, please.|Your booking is completed! Your car type is yellow Toyota and contact number is: 07964380334. Can I assist with anything else?
Can you tell me the different museums please|Sure there are 23 museums. Are you interested in one with free entry?
Entrance fee doesn't really matter to me.  Pick your favorite and let me know the postcard, area, and phone number please.|I'd recommend the cafe jello gallery. It's on cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
What area can I find cafe jello gallery?|Cafe Jello Gallery is in the west.  The address is 13 magdalene street.
Ok, just gathering information for now, thank you.|My pleasure. Please call us back if you need anything else.
Thank you, have a good one.|You as well. Have a great trip, and thanks for using Cambridge Towninfo centre.
Thanks again. Bye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
Hi, i am looking for some museums that I could visit when in town, could you help me find some?|Is there an area of town you prefer?
No, I don't care.|I recommend the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to enter!
I also need a place to stay|Great! There are 33 hotels in the area. What area of town would you like to stay in? What is your preference on price?
The attraction should be in the type of museum. I don't care about the price range or the area|Just to clarify - did you need a different museum? Or a hotel?
That museum from earlier is fine, I just need their postalcode.  I need a hotel two in the west and moderately priced.|The postal code for Cafe Jello Gallery is cb30af. Okay, Hobson's House matches your request.
Do they have internet?|Yes they do. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will do that later. Can you please arrange for taxi service from Cafe Jello to Hobson's House sometime after 04:00?|I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a grey Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07615015749.
Well that you that is all i need for today|Your welcome.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a place called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you help me?|Of course, Stazione is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at 11:15 please. And I'll need a reference number.|Your reservation is set. Reference number ZX0558LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for information on an attraction called the cambridge corn exchange.|It's a theatre on wheeler street in the center part of town. Is there something particular you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm just curious of the entrance fee.|I'm sorry. I'm unable to find the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi between the two places, I need to arrive by  at the restaurant 11:15.|I booked you a taxi from The Cambridge Corn Exchange to Stazione Restaurant. Look for a Red BMW, contact number 07906175521.  Can I help more today?
No, that's all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
I am excited to visit some of your attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay in the east part of town?|6 of the 7 places that match your request are guesthouses. Is that acceptable? And what pricerange are you needing?
Yes, a guesthouse would be great. I'd like for it to be in the moderate price range.|Ok.  There are three choices.  Do you need free parking?
you want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday. no parking|Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4AFI8ET. what else do you need?
I'm looking for an attraction called the Cambridge Corn Exchange? Can you provide me with more information?|The cambridge corn exchange is located in the centre of town on wheeler st. The phone number is 01223357851 and the postcode is cb23qe. Anything else I can help with?
Can you book a taxi for me at 15:15 from the corn exchange to the guesthouse?|I sure can.  I book a white tesla for 15:15.  The reference number is 07560492867.
Thanks. I believe the car was the last thing I needed.|Alright, you are very welcome. Have a nice day!
I am looking for nightclub options in cambridge.|Sure, we have 6 ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
What is the area and how much is the entrance fee? I will need the address and the phone number.|The ballare is located in the centre and costs 5 pounds. They are located at heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Great!  I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Any suggestions?|the a and b guest house is a guesthouse located in the east. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.
I was really hoping to find a hotel if you could?|No problem.  I have three hotels, however, they are not 4 star.  How about a 2 star rated hotel?
A 2 star hotel is fine does it have free wifi?|Lovell Lodge is a hotel in the north that has free internet.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please.  I'd like 4 nights for 2 people starting Thursday.|Okay, we have booked you two for 4 nights, and your reference number is ZUA8CK80. Anything else I can help with today?
Yes, please! I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay, not a problem. Which place will you like to be picked up from, and at what time?
I want to leave the Ballare by 22:45. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|A yellow Toyota will pick you up. There number is 07113435261, just in case you need it.
Thank you very much for helping me! Have a great day.|You're welcome. If you need anything else don't hesitate to call.
I'd like a taxi to pick me up from ali baba|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
It's important that I arrive by 07:00|That can be arranged. What is your destination?
I am going to wandlebury country park.|Your booking is complete, a blue tesla will be picking you up.
Could you give me the contact number, please?|Sure! it is 07511692788.
I can't thank you enough.|It was my pleasure. Have a great day!
I'm looking for some places that serve crossover food.|There is "international" cuisine. Can you elaborate on what you mean by Crossover? There are places that serve what we call "Modern European" food.
Are these places in the moderate price range?|I have The Varsity or Bloomsbury restaurants that both serve international food, are located in the city center and are in the moderate price range.
Well I really need something on the west side. What about moderately priced Indian food?|There is one Indian restaurant on the west side that is moderately priced. It is the Meghna. Would you like to book a table there?
Sure. Can you book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Sunday? I'll need the reference number please.|The restaurant is all booked, reference is QAHKT2ZI.
Can you also help me find an attraction called Tenpin?|Tenpin is located on the south side, cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 08715501010. Do you wish to know more?
Yes, could you tell me what type of attraction this is?|Sure, it's an entertainment venue, did you want their phone number?
Yeah, and I would also like a taxi to get to the Meghna from the Tenpin by the reservation time, 12:30. I will need the contact number and car type.|Tenpin's number is 08715501010. I've booked you a taxi in a black ford, contact number is 07634445815. Can I help you with anything else today?
I just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 12:30.|I have scheduled the arrival at 12:30.  If you would like me to change the time, I can certainly do that.
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you for everything.|OK, great, I'm glad you are satisfied. Have a nice time!
I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Yes, of course! What price range are you thinking?
I would like something cheap.|What type of attraction would you like?
I am looking for a hotel.|Yes, I apologize. What is your price range for the hotel?
Moderate price range please.|We have 18 places to stay in the moderate range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what area, but I would like it to have free parking. I don't care if it has internet.|How about the ashley hotel?
Yes, please. I need the address, postcode and star of the hotel please.|Their address is 74 Chesterton Road. The postcode is cb41er. They are rated 2 stars.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go in the centre of town, please.|Is there a particular attraction you want to go to?
No I don't have a preference.|We have many attractions.  What type of attraction would you like?
Can you make a suggestion?|I suggest the Junction located on Clifton Way. Would you like more information?
I need attraction type and the postcode.|The Junction is a theatre. The postcode is cb17gx
I will also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 6:30 from my hotel.|OK, we have booked a Red Skoda to take you to the Junction by 6:30 from your hotel. Contact number is 07776766676
I apologize for that, I'm actually looking for a taxi to leave the Junction and get to my hotel. I need to leave the Junction by 06:30.|No problem.  Look for a grey Lexus, contact number: 07151867055.  What else can I assist you with today?
That will be all thank you for your time.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for an attraction called Queen's College.   Can you give me some information about it please?|sure! it's located in the west and costs 2.50 pounds.
Thank you for your help!|Glad to help. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
im looking for a place to stay with a moderate price and has wifi|There are quite a number to choose from. Do you want to stay in a particular area or do you have a preference between a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like something in the centre, with free wifi and free parking.|The Cityroomz Hotel is located in centre with a moderate price range and has internet.  Would you like the phone number or for me to book it for you?
Yes can you please do that for me thank you!|when were you planning your stay I need that info to book the room for you, thank you
Can you book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting from Tuesday?|Cityroomz does not have free parking.  Is that a requirement? There are no other places that meet all of the other requirements you need.
How about in the north area?|I have 10 different places. Some are guesthouses and a few hotels. Do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel please.|I think ashley hotel would work for you. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Sure. That works for me. I need you to book it for 4 nights, 1 person, starting on Tuesday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is T0ORFZPB. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thanks i also need a taxi.|What destination and times do you need that taxi at?
I would like the taxi to leave the hotel by 21:15.|what is your destination?
i want to go towards the hotel|I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07766667494.
thanks you very much|Is there anything else I can search for you? Do you need to book a restaurant?
No, that pretty much takes care of it.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our services.  I hope we see you again.
Hello! I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. Can you help me with that?!|Absolutely. I have many options for you, including museums, architecture, concerthall and theatre. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to go to a theatre.|ADC Theatre is in the centre of town; will that work?
Yes, I just need to get the address and postcode for the Theatre.|No problem. ADC Theatre's address is Park Street and its postcode is cb58as. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'd like to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi.|I have 2 possible hotels. The huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in centre. Would you like to book one of these?
The huntingdon marriot hotel sounds great. Could you please give me the postcode?|The post code is pe296fl. Anything else I can help with?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two places?|What time would you like to go?
I want to leave the Theater by 17:30|Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey Volvo, their contact number is 07820757877. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not at all.|Okay great. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a great day!
Hi, is there a moderately priced international cuisine restaurant in Cambridge?|There are two in the centre area that are moderate in price.
Can you please book one of those for me and provide the address, area and phone number.|I would be happy to book for you, for how many people and what day would you like to book?
Hmm, let's see...I'm not sure. Before we do that, I also need a hotel in the east part of town with free parking availability.|It appears the Allenbell guesthouse has free parking, is in the cheap price range and on the east side of town. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you, I'll travel there myself. Can I get the address and phone number for the restaurant though?|Of course for the "varsity restaurant" the number is 0122335606035 and the address is Saint Andrews Street City Centre. Would you also like the address for the "Bloomsbury restaurant"?
Yes, I would. Can you also give me the address and phone number for the Allenbell Guesthouse?|Their address is 517a coldham lane and phone number is 01223210353
I'd like to find a museum to visit|Sure, do you want to be in a certain area?
I don't have a preference. I do need the area, address and postcode.|Can I recommend broughton house gallery?
That would be great. Can you provide me with the area, address, and postcode please?|Sure thing! Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street in Centre and the postcode is cb11In. Can I help you further today?
Yes, I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the South.|I did happen to find 1 hotel that will meet your needs. It is called the Lensfield Hotel. They are expensive and 3 star rated. Shall I reserve a room?
Yes please, for 4 people for 3 nights|What day do you want to check in?
I will get there on Saturday.|I have your rooms booked!  What else can I do?
I need a reference number for the hotel.|Reference number is 26OVK8Q2.
Thanks! I will need a taxi, too, please. I'd to leave the hotel by 10:30 to head to the gallery.|You will be picked up by a blue audi. their contact number is 07805502716
Great!  That is all I needed, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a 19:15 taxi to take me to Avalon.|I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Primavera.|You car has been booked. It is a black volvo.  Can I assist you any further?
Can i get the contact number please|Yes, your contact number is 07698022958.   Can I assist you any further?
No, that will be all. Good bye.|You're very welcome! Goodbye.
Can you set up a taxi for me that will take me to williams art and antiques?|Yes i can! What is your departure site?
I'm departing from cambridge museum of technology.|Great, and what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 15:30.|I have a yellow toyota with contact number 07308855944.
Thanks for handling this for me.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
That would be all. Thanks a lot.|Glad we could help. Call us anytime. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a taxi to museum of archaelogy and anthropology.|What time do you wan to leave and arrive by?
I need to get there by 17:15.|Where will you be traveling from?
I will be leaving from cote.|Okay great.  You are booked with a yellow volvo.
Thanks. May I have the contact number for the Volvo, please?|Yes, the number is: 07611307167
Can I help with anything else?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much.|Please contact again if you have any other questions
I can't wait to tour some local attractions.  I'm looking for some places to go when I'm in town.  Can you help with that?|of course! how about downing college, it has free admission.
Awesome, can I have the postcode and address please?|The postcode is cb21dq, and the address is regent street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.|The aylesbray guest house is a 4 start guest house located in the south area of town and it is moderate in price.
That sounds perfect! Can you reserve me a room for Tuesday for 5 guests?|I have the system up, will this be for one day or more?
I need it for 4 nights|OK, your room is booked. The reference number is NZGYO251. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a taxi to travel between the two places and would like to leave the attraction by 04:00 please.|A taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07045457153, in case you have any questions.
Can you tell me the car type please?|It will be a White Skoda. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today.
Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.|Okay, there's plenty to do in the city's centre. What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?|how about little saint mary's church?
Sounds perfect.  Is it architectural?  Also, can I have the address with postcode?|It is an architecture attraction it's located on little saint mary's lane postcode cb21qy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 1.  It should be in the city centre please.|I don't have any guesthouses that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try something else?
Do you have any guesthouses with a star rating of zero?|Yes, I do have one. The El Shaddai is in the centre and is cheap. It is 0 star rated and offers free parking and wifi. Do you need a room?
No not right now. What is their address?|The address is 41 Warkworth Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get to little saint mary's church by 3:15.|What is your departure site?
I'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from Saint Mary's Church by 3:15 going to the guesthouse.|You are booked for a yellow audi. Your contact number is 07526986404. May I  help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed.  Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your trip.
Yeah, would you happen to know if there is anything fun to do in town near me?|There are many options. What attraction type do you prefer? Any preference for area?
I'm not sure what types are available, but I am looking for something in the city centre.|In the centre of town there are 44 different attractions. I have theatres, nightclubs, swimming pools, parks, museums, concerthalls, colleges and boats. Does one of those interest you?
Please pick your favorite one to recommend to me and provide me with the name, attraction type, and entrance fee. I am open to anything!|I enjoy going to a concert hall. There is the man on the moon in the centre of town.  You can call them for the fee at 01223474144.
Thanks for the information. What can you tell me about a restaurant called Galleria?|Galleria is a European restaurant in the centre of town,   Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  Book a table for 6 people at 17:45 on Friday.|Thank you for holding. I have booked a table for you at the Galleria. Your reference number is PUVXNKEZ. Would you like their address and phone number?
No, thanks. I will need a taxi to arrive at the restuarant by 17:45.|Where would be your departure site?
The concert hall you recommended. The man on the moon?|Ok, I have booked the taxi for you.  It will be a black Volkswagen & their # is 07107131521. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that should cover it. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
Hi there.  I am looking for some information on places to go in town.|What types of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of college.
Make sure you get phone number and postcode.|You should go to Corpus Christi, the phone number is 01223338000 with a postcode of cb23bu.  Can I assist you further today?
Yes, I'd like to find a good restaurant please. I'm in the mood for Indian food and money is no object.|There are quite a few Indian restaurants in the centre and since money is no object, I recommend the curry garden. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
I'm not ready to book a table yet.  Can I get the address including postcode, please?|Sure. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street at the City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp.
Great I also need a taxi that will help me commute between the two places.|what time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave the attraction by 15:00|Your taxi reservation on a white Ford is complete. You will be picked up by 15:00 at Corpus Christi and dropped off at Curry Garden. The contact number is 07699910200
Great, thanks very much!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, thanks.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a Danish place to eat and I would like it to be on the expensive price range.|Sorry there is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
No, thank you.|I'm afraid I'm not finding any Danish restaurants of any type.  Would you like to try a different style of restaurant?
How about African Food in the centre of town?|The bedouin meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Maybe later, for now I would like to know its phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am a looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant.|I found 5 hotels in the expensive price range, do you have an area of town you'd prefer?
The area doesn't matter, but I need free parking, free wifi, and a 3 star rating.|Great, I've found two hotels meeting that criteria.  How many days were you spending at the hotel and how many people will be residing with you?
I need a hotel for 2 people on 4 nights starting on Friday|The lensfield hotel is 1 of 2 places that matches your needs. Can I book you in for this hotel?
How do the 2 places compare?|The lensfield hotel is in the south while the gonville hotel is in the center.
The centre works much much better for us. Can you please book that for me? If that doesn't work can you try 2 night?|So sorry, the hotel is not available for that booking request.  Would you like a different day or to shorten your stay?
Try two nights and please give me a reference number when you are done.|I was able to book 2 nights at the Gonville for 2 people, starting on Friday. Your reference number is WIQEBN2A. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi please? I am looking for one to pick me up at the Bedouin and I would like to leave by 18:45|I'd be happy to book that for you, but I just wanted to confirm your destination.  Will that be your hotel?
Yes I will be at the Gonville.|All right, I've booked your taxi.
Thanks. Can I have the contact number and car type, please?|The contact number is 07174376196 and the car is a yellow Toyota. Anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you very much.|Thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve swedish food.|Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Swedish cuisine in the Cambridge area. Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Darn. How about trying a Portuguese place?|Yes!  You can try nandos city centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table on Friday for 1 person at 17:45 please?|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is RYED8GWK. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for entertainment.|what about the junction? it's a theater near the south
The junction works, could I have their phone number and address?|Of course. The junction is located on clifton way. The phone number is 01223511511.
thank you that will be all|Have a great time and enjoy!
Actually,  can I get a taxi to go from the junction to the restaurant?|Alright, I've booked you a taxi that will get you to Nando's by your reservation time. It will be a yellow Lexus, and your contact number is 07362117815. Anything else?
No, that's really everything this time, I promise. Thanks again!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm interested in finding something to do on the north end of town. Are there any boats there that I might be able to visit?|Yes, the riverboat georgina operates out of that area. Would you like me to provide any additional information?
Yes please. I would like to get the address and postcode for the riverboat.|Certainly, their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and their postcode is cb43ax.
Ok, I need a restaurant in the north side that serves chinese as well.|There are 3 options for Chinese food on the North side. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or an expensive one?
Whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 13:00 on thursday.|Hakka has been booked, reference number is P1MMD3MO
Thank you. I'll need a taxi to get me to the restaurant.|Can you tell me where you would like the taxi to pick you up and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up from the Georgina, and please make sure I'm there before my booking at Hakka.|Okay, I've booked a white Ford for you. The contact number is 07504485210. What else can I help you with?
That's all I need! Thank you!|Happy to help! Enjoy your trip!
Thank you very much.|You're quite welcome. Enjoy!
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Riverboat Georgina. Could you provide me with any details?|Would you like to know the boat's area, phone number, postcode, or address?
I need the address and phone number, please.|The address for Riverboat Georgina is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like to find information on a restaurant called the Hotpot.|hot Pot is an expensive chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
I want a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : V7IS3L5F.
Thank you!|You're welcome.
Hi there, I need to find a hotel - a guesthouse to be precise. I don't need internet so don't worry about that|24 guesthouses fit your criteria. Do you know what side of town you're wanting to be in or the pricerange?
I'd like a guesthouse rated 3 stars.|There are 4 guesthouses that meet your needs, 2 in the north and 1 each in the west and south. Would one of these interest you?
I will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 5 nights.|I will be happy to make your reservation, what day will you be arriving?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : RVSD43KC. what else can i do for you?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the west to celebrate our family.|What type of food would you prefer?
I would like chinese.|I do not have an expensive Chinese restaurant in the West. Can I find you something different?
What about greek food?|I don't see any expensive greek restaurants in the west either. We do have British, European and Indian options available, though. Would you like information on one of those?
Okay, let's try one that serves British food.|i would suggest graffiti
OK, that sounds good. The same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. Can you book a table for 15:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZCJZ13XO.  What else can I do for you today?
Great.  Thank you.  Now I need a taxi.|Okay and what day do you need the taxi for?
I will need the taxi the same day.|Sure, where would you like to be picked up from? Also where will you need to be dropped off and what time?
I would like to go from the restaurant to the hotel.|Your booking is completed. A red Honda, contact number 07441837045 will pick you up in front of the restaurant at 17:30. Does this time work for you?
Yes the time works for me . That will be all thanks and have a great day.|Any time, and you have a great day as well!
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant to visit during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|My system isn't showing a Malaysian restaurant. Do you have another preference?
how about one that serves spanish food|We have the La Raza and the La Tasca, both are affordable and in the center. Would you like me to send you their addresses?
Could you reserve me a table for 2 at 12:15 on Monday at the La Raza?|Sure. Your reservation was successful and the booking number is BVD49SJY.
I also need to find a hotel for the two of us starting on the same Monday for 4 nights, please.|Will you need parking or wifi?
I am actually looking for a hotel called home from home|I can not seem to find this hotel. Do you have another in mind ?
No, that is the name of the hotel, can you try again?|There is no hotel with that name, can I book some place else for you?
The hotel name is home from home.|I'm sorry I do not see a hotel matching that name. Would you like to try something else?
That is the correct name. Can you try again?|The hotel is not coming up by that name.
Okay, then can you find another in the same vicinity?|We have three hotels in that vicinity. Is there any services you prefer?
No I have no preferences.  I need it for 4 nights for 2 people starting Monday.|I booked you at cityroomz your confirmation number is MM913RGM, anything else today?
Please have a taxi take me from my hotel to the restaurant, arriving in time for my reservation. And give me the booking info|I have booked you with a white volvo. Their number to contact is 07895158193.
.
Thanks that's all I needed for the night.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I'd like a taxi to riverboat georgina|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to leave after 5:15.|Got it. Now I will just need to know where the taxi should pick you up from
The departure site is peterborough train station|Booking successful. Grey honda, contact number 07022908010
Thank you that is all I need.|Great! Have a nice day!
Can you book me a taxi to riverside brasserie?|Sure! Where are you coming from?
I will be leaving the good luck chinese food takeaway.|Ok, what time would you like to leave by?
I actually need to arrive by 12:45|Your booking is completed, a grey honda will be picking you up. The contact number is 07290151077.
Ok thank you that is all I need.|Excellent. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.|Great! There are 13 places to stay in the north. Eleven of them are guesthouses and 2 are hotels. Do you have a preference?
I would like to find a hotel, preferable one that is moderately priced.|The Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road is nice.  Can I book a room for you?
Can I possibly get their phone number?|There phone number is 01223350059. Do you require any more assistance?
What's their postcode?|The postcode is cb41er.  Do you need anything else today?
I am looking for a restaurant a friend recommended. It is called the sitar tandoori.|I found Sitar Tandoori for you.  It is located in east part of town.  It is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Thanks for the info, can you also get me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I need the taxi to be there by 04:15.|I booked you a Taxi. the contact # is: Contact number: 07076540763. Is there anything else i can do for you?
What is the car type?|I'm sorry that I forgot to mention it! It will be a yellow audi. How else can I help today?
That was all I needed.  Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great trip.
Thank you kind person for helping me!|Please feel free to contact us with any other questions you have! Have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from London Liverpool Street to Club Salsa.|Before I can complete your request please let me know a departure and or arrival time. Thank you.
I can leave any time after 01:30. Can you send me the car type I can expect and the contact number?|You are all set.  You will be picked up in a Blue Volvo at 1:45.  The contact number is 07144891471.  Do you need help with anything else?
That will be all for now.  Thank you for your time!|You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
I need to be picked up by a taxi at la margherita today sometime today after 14:00|Ok where is your departure site?
I'm leaving the la margherita.|You are booked. Your car is a yellow audi and your contact number is 07421829709
Thank you very much!|Happy to help! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Just want to make sure that the taxi will go to avalon. Thank you very much, goodbye.|We have the destination as la margherita and departing from alexander b&b.
Can you help me find Cambridge University Botanic Gardens? Thanks.|Yes, cambridge university botanic gardens is a park located in the centre of town, there is a 4 pound entrance fee.
Do you know the hours that they are open?|I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the copper kettle|Ok.  The cooper kettle is a british restaurant located at 4 Kings Parade in city centre.
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi to get to the botanic gardens.|Do you need it from the restaurant? What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave by 21:15. Could you provide a contact number and car type?|I'm looking at Yellow Lexus that will pick you up from the restaurant. The contact number is 07336692498.
Great that's all I needed, thank you.|No problem, we are always here to help. Good day!
Can you get a taxi to take me from old schools to the cambridge chop house?|Would Cambridge Artworks be okay?
No I wont be there at that one,why ?|I was able to find the chop house, what time would you like to go?
I want to arrive by 09:00.|Your booking is complete, a red toyota will be picking you up.
Thank you, what's the contact number?|The vehicle is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07975650710.
Sounds good. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a type of boat in the east.|There is camboats in the east.  Their phone number is 01223902112 and they are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton, post code cb58sx.  Anything else?
IS there a high end restaurant that serves british cuisine in the same area?|you are lucky! there is only one restaurant called grafton hotel restaurant that serves expensive british in the east. Do you need my help to reserve it?
no not at the moment. But i do need their phone number though.|No problem. Their number is 01223241387. Is there anything else I can help with you?
Can you also book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|Sure thing. What is your destination and when do you want to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 2:00. The destination would be the camboats.|You're all set. A blue audi is picking you up and their contact number is 07384256413.
You can help by getting me a taxi to curry king|Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I'd prefer to leave after 02:30|I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I want to be picked up from holy trinity church|Okay, I have a white lexus and the contact number is 07229542563. Is there anything else you need today?
Nothing else. You have been most helpful. Thank you and good bye.|Have a great day!
Please find me a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.|I see that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is in the centre of town and includes free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like it, and hope that is has free parking space.|What day would you like me to book the hotel, how many people and What days would you like to stay?
I would like to book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights starting on thursday, please.|Ok, the booking has been completed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the reference number for the hotel booking? I'd also like information about a restaurant called Bedouin.|Your reference number is 1S9ZTFDA. The bedouin is an expensive african restaurant in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Fantastic, thank you. What's the postcode for the bedouin? Do they only serve african food?|The Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and serves African food
I see. I'm sorry what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb12bd. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a taxi leaving from Bedouin and going to the Alexander B&B. I want to leave Bedouin by 2:00.|I have a taxi that will arrive at 02:00.  The taxi will be a white audi and you can contact them at 07924317108.  Anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Alright, I hope you have a good stay, thank you for using our service!
Sure thing, you've been a great help.|Be sure to call again if you need anything. 'Bye now.
I need a place to eat in the south that's expensive.|There are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a preference?
I would like Chinese or Mexican restaurants|How about chiquito restaurant bar? It's an expensive and delicious restaurant in the south.
Sure, I need a table for 8 at 17:15 on Wednesday, please.|Okay, I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is XAL5QLX9.
Thank you, what places can you go to that are in the same area?|There are a range of attractions in the south, including parks, nightclubs, a museum, a theatre, a cinema, and more general entertainment venues. What sort of attraction are you interested in?
A museum sounds great. Can you get the phone number for one?|Yes, the byard museum is reachable at 01223464646, they have free admission and are located at 14 king's parade, any other questions?
That sounds very nice. Can you book me a taxi or car service between those two places? I'd like to arrive by my reservation time, please.|I was able to book a taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call them at 07550666183. Is there anything else?
That would be all, thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
i need a place to stay|What's your price range?
I need a hotel with free parking|There are 8 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further with price range or area?
should be in the east with free wifi|express by holiday inn cambridge	fits your criteria. can we book?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you so much. May I also have the reference number once you have booked it?|OK, 8 guests arriving Monday for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 2KDNB1WO. Can I assist you with anything else?
Please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves South Indian food. Thanks.|I'm sorry but there are no South Indian restaurants in the center. Can I interest you in something else?
Is there one that serves seafood?|The loch fyne serves seafood.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
No. May I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223362433. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a cheap hotel.|All right. Do you have an area you prefer or a type of hotel?
Something with free parking, 2 star, and is in the moderate price range.|I see two choices for moderately priced 2 star hotels. They are both hotels located in the north with free parking and internet. I recommend ashley hotel.
That is great.  Can you book me for 3 people for 3 nights beginning on Thursday?|You got it, your reference number is QBH121BL. Anything else?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to arrive or depart from the hotel?
I want to leave the restaurant by 12:45. Please give me car type and contact number.|Sure thing! A white skoda will be picking you up to get you to the restaurant by 12:45 contact is 07643618907
Thank you for your help you've been great!|It is my pleasure! Have a good day!
i'm looking  for a particular hotel|I'll be happy to find information on the hotel. What hotel would you like me to look up for you?
Finches Bed and Breakfast. I would like to book it for 1 person and 4 nights, start date on Wednesday. Can you also provide me with reference number?|I have made your reservation. Your reference number is 97RYHJTP.
im also looking for a place to go in the south|there are many things to do. What would you like ?
it should be a theatre. get me the entrance number|the junction fits your description. can i give you their address?
Actually I'll be taking a taxi between the two. But before I do that, is there an entrance fee?|The Junction does not have their entrance fee available. Would you like their phone number to call them?
No thank you. I would like a taxi, leaving The Junction by 17:30.|All set, look for a yellow bmw, if there are issues, they can be reached at 07689463937, any other questions?
No, you have taken care of everything. Thanks you so much. Good-bye.|Your Welcome good bye
Can you book me a taxi to da vinci pizzeria?|Of course, when do you want to arrive?
I need to be there by three forty five p.m.|What time do you wan to leave by?
I would like to leave after 05:45.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'll be leaving from williams art and antiques.|I have a yellow lexus with phone number 07451454919.
That you for helping me. I have all I need. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a good place to go with multiple sports in the center of time.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east though. Anything else I can help you with?
Then can you tell me a good museum.|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre, and it has no entrance fee.
May I have the telephone number please?|Yes their telephone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive restaurant in the same area.|The Golden Curry is an excellent Indian restaurant and it is located only a few blocks from the museum.
Great Can I make a reservation for 13:45 for 5 people on Thursday? Also may I have the reference number?|Great it's all booked, reference number is PVFA3YZ9
Awesome. I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations.|Okay, where would you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from The Broughton House Gallery.|Okay, at what time will you be leaving Broughton House Gallery?
I'm not sure which exact time will be best, but I definitely want to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation.|I booked you a taxi. The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07895191849.
great thanks thats all i needed!|I am happy that I was able to help.  Have a great day.
i  want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to the lensfield hotel and should depart from christ's college.|What time should the car pick you up?
I need to leave after 21:30.|Alright great! The car will be a red ford and the contact number is 07161667298.
Awesome, thank you! That was all I was looking for today. Have a good one|Glad to be of service today. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need a taxi to get me to magdalene college no later than 12:15|Ok, what is your destination?
I'm heading to Magdalene College, as I mentioned. I need to be retrieved from Kings Lynn Train Station.|I booked it for you. They will be driving a black BMW and their contact number is 07894559856.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Your welcome, have a great day.
You have a good day too.|Thank you and goodbye.
I need a taxi to pick me up after 04:15|Sure! where are you going?
I'm going to the hotel du vin and bistro|Alright. And where would you like to be picked up from?
Please pick me up at the scott polar museum|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you.
Could you give me the car type and contact number?|Certainly, the car is a white Honda, and the contact number is 07135860962.
Got it. Thanks for helping me.|Your welcome.. Have a great time.
Can you tell me where the Cambridge Contemporary Art Gallery is located?|Yes, it is located at 6 Trinity Steet, postcode cb21su.  Do you need any more information?
What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223324222.
what is their entry fee?|The entrance fee is free.
i also want a place to stay  which has a parking and has a star 4|I have 19 places that match that criteria. Is there any area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would like for it to include free parking. The area doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|Acorn guest house offers free parking. It's in north part of town and is moderately priced.
Okay thank you. Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Yes. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need to know depart place and destination, as well as what time?
Cambridge Contemporary Art Gallery to acorn leaving at 21.15|I was able to book a taxi for you, a yellow lexus. The contact number is 07618334504. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello! Can you tell me about the Indian restaurants you have in the center of town?|Sure I have many. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, I'd like a cheap one.|In that price range, you have your choice of the Kohinoor, the Gandhi, and the Mahal of Cambridge.
Great can I book Kohinoor for 5 people at 14:30 on tuesday?|Yes success! I was able to reserve all of you a table and your reference number is UM8AZ1RH.
Great can you also direct me to a college to visit in the same area?|I'd recommend Emmanuel College in the centre of town.
Perfect.  What is the phone number, address and postcode for Emmanuel College?|Emmanuel College is on Saint Andrews Street. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to the restaurant to arrive in time for my reservation.|I certainly can. Would you like to depart from Emmanuel College to go to kohinoor?
Yes, that's correct. I just want to arrive in time for my reservation.|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07472812793. What else can I help you with?
Nope, you have been great!|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, can you help me find a college to visit?|There are 18 colleges in town you could visit. To narrow down the results, is there a certain part of town you're interested in?
I'm fine going anywhere in town. Which one would you recommend?|Id recommend sidney sussex college in the centre of town
Okay, great. Can I have the phone number and address please?|Of course. The phone number is 01223338800 and the postcode is cb23hu. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive Indian place.|There are 14 entries that match what you are looking for. What area of town would you like to eat at?
Which restaurant do you recommend?|Again, there are quite a few. Did you have a part of town in mind?
It can be in any part of town. I am just looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in an expensive price range. Perhaps you can suggest one?|Sure thing, I would suggest this one curry garden.
Great.  Can you reserve a table for six?|Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
In addition, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|No problem. What time do you need to arrive by?
make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time of the reservation.|Before we book your taxi, let's get your reservation for the restaurant. What day and time would you like your reservation for six?
Wednesday at 11:45 for the restaurant.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 5YS8WRTD.
Are you capable of emailing or faxing me the information for my own personal reference?|I am sorry we are unable to do that at this time
I am ready for the taxi now.|Your taxi is booked to have you at the restaurant by 11:45. The car is a red Volkswagen and their contact number is 07540260588. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you|Thank you for calling our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi, yes, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in. The only amenity it has to have is free wifi.|Sure, the Cambridge Belfry fits that bill.  It has great reviews and is cheap.  Can I get more information for you?
Does that also have free parking?  And I forgot to mention I'd prefer a guesthouse.|In that case, the Cambridge Belfry would not work. It's a hotel, not a guesthouse. The Acorn Guesthouse has wifi, parking, is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Book for me 1 person and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Your booking was successful.Your reference number is : 6UPHIRT7. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes I am looking for someplace to eat that serves Scottish food that is in the expensive price range.|I'm afraid there aren't any scottish places in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there a French restaurant?|i have 2 places that serve french food and are expensive. one is restaurant two two. the other is cote. which would you like?
I'll book a table for Cote.  1 person at 16:15 on the same day as the hotel booking.|I have made the reservations and your reference number is 4WK86HPM.
thanks alot. have a good day|You're welcome! Have a great day as well.
Can you find a restaurant called Rajmahal.|Sure.  It's an Indian place in the east area of town.  What would you like to know about it?
That's all I need to know. Can you reserve me a table for 3 Saturday at 18:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1XCDMW6O.
Great, thanks. I'm also interested in attending a theatre on the west side.|I'm afraid there aren't any theatres on the west side. most of our theatres are in the city centre. is there something else I can look up for you?
What entertainment choices are in the west?|sorry, i couldn't find anything in the west.
Ok are there any attractions in the west you recommend? I need a phone number for whatever you chose.|There are several museums in the area.  Would that interest you?
Yes, I love museums.|What side of town would you like to be on?
In the west if there are any there?|How about the Kettle's Yard, there phone # is 01223748100 and they are on Castle Street. Admission is free too. Does this work?
Yes I also need a taxi to arrive there by 18:00 from the theater.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07059574947
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|I'll be here any time.
I'm looking for information on the Leverton House hotel.|The Leverton House is a guesthouse located on the east side of Cambridge. What information are looking for?
Perfect. I would like to book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry.  I am unable to book your stay.  Could you arrive on another day or stay for a shorter amount of time?
Can you please check for 3 nights at the same hotel for 3 people and can I have the reference number?|They don't have a room available for 3 nights either. Anything else you'd like me to try?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many attractions in the centre of town. Could you be more specific about what you're looking for?
I'd like to visit a museum if possible.|How about Cambridge Contemporary Art, on 6 Trinity St? Entrance is free.
Sure.  But I still need to book a hotel.  Is there anything else available?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like the Leverton House will be able to accommodate you. How about Allenbell or Autumn House? They are in the same area and also inexpensive.
Can they accommodate 3 people for 4 nights?  Also, what are their phone numbers?|I'm sorry both of those hotels are booked solid. Would you consider slightly more expensive accommodations?
Can you try 3 nights instead?|Both of them are booked solid for the days you requested. Would you like a hotel in a moderate price?
Yes let's try a different hotel.|Great. I was finally able to get you into the Autumn House staring Friday for 3 nights and 3 people. your booking reference is  C5ARPTZ2.
Do you have the phone number for Autumn House's front desk?|Sure.  It's 01223575122.  Anything else?
I'm also going to need a taxi, please.|Sorry about the confusion earlier. I was able to book your room at Leverton House for Friday, 3 nights for 3 people. The reference number is U5B3PHWC.
Okay.  I'll need a taxi too.|I can help you with a taxi. Please tell me your departure and destination sites along with your time frame.
I want to leave the hotel by 22:00 to go to the Museum you mentioned.|A black skoda will pick up up at Leverton House at 22:00 and bring you to Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum.  The contact number is 07697068185.
Awesome. Thank you for everything!|It was my pleasure. Goodbye!
Hello, are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?|The Ballare nightclub is in the center of town. Would you like more information about this place or other suggestions?
Can you give me the address and postcode for that nightclub?|Of course, I can. The address and post code are heidelberg gardens, lion yard and cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am all sent, thank you.|Excellent! Have a great day!
Can you help me out with a taxi booking?|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to leave after 18:15.|Okay, no problem at all. What are your pickup and dropoff locations?
I need to be dropped off at bridge guest house.|And where will you be picked up from?
I need to be picked up from The Cambridge Corn Exchange.|Your taxi has been booked. Look for a blue Toyota. The contact number is 07852954476. Anything else?
No that's all thank you Goodbye|You are very welcome. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.
I need to book a taxi.|I can do that for you. Where would you like to be picked up and what is your final destination?
I have to be to whale of a time by 16:15|I'd be happy to book that for you, where do you need picked up from?
I would like to leave from the gallery at twelve a high street.|Your taxi is booked. It is a yellow skoda.
Thank you.  Can I get a contact number?|The contact number 07123859913.
Thank you, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
I need some information about Churchill College.|Churchill college is in the west area, the address is storey's way and has free entrance. Would you like the phone number also?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the postcode as well?|The postcode on that attraction is cb30ds. Do you need further help with anything today?
I would like to find and Italian restaurant in the Centre of town.|There are a number of them.  Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm thinking the expensive price range.|There are 4 restaurants that are in the expensive range, Caffe Uno comes highly recommended.  Shall I book a table?
Yes please.  There are 6 of us.  Make it for 17:00 on Thursday.|Your reservation for a table of 6 at Caffe Uno this thursday at 17:00 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : BZ87Z5CS.
Can you hemp book a taxi, too?|I would be happy to assist you with booking a taxi. What are your departure and destination points?
I would like to leave churchill college and get to caffe uno by 17:00|I've booked your taxi, you'll be riding in a white bmw and their phone number is 07823215445. What else can I help you with?
No, thank you. That's everything I need today. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, I'm looking for an museum.|I am showing a listing of 23 different museums in various areas of cambridge.  Do you have a specific area you would like to visit?
Any area is fine. Do you have a favorite? Maybe we can check that one out. Which one do you like?|Broughton house gallery was great the last time I was there and I think you'll enjoy it as well. It even has no entrance fee.
Awesome, can I get the phone number, postcode and area for that?|The Broughton House Gallerty is in Centre.  The phone number is 01223314960, and the postcode is CB11LN.
Thank you, I am also looking for a hotel on the north side.|There are 5 hotels on the North side. Are there any specific accommodations you were looking for?
I like a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|acorn guest house	would be nice for you
What are the prices like there?|Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced hotel.  They provide internet and parking. Would you like to book something?
Could you give me the postcode, phone number and star rating of the guesthouse?|Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.  The postcode is cb41da and you can call them at 01223353888.  Is there anything else you need?
Yes, a taxi, I want to leave the attraction and go to the hotel by 22:00|You're booked in a black Audi, contact number 07701261182. Can I help you with anything else today?
thats all I needed, thanks|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I want to find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at.|there are 2. alexander bed and breakfast, and el shaddai. which one do you prefer?
I want one that has free wifi and a rating of 4 stars. Does either of those match that description?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has all your preferences.  It is a wonderful guesthouse.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
yes please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Make sure you get the reference number|Your reservation at the alexander bed and breakfast this wednesday for 6 days 5 nights for 3 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : 2Z64N0C6.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called Cotto. Can you give me more info?|Sure. Cotto serves British food in the center and is moderately priced. Would you like to make a booking?
book a table for 3  at 13:30 on wednesday.|You are booked, the reference number is AS8Z2W5W, can I assist with anything else?
I think that is all I will need today. Cheers.|Great, enjoy your stay and we look forward to helping you again sometime.
I'd like for a taxi to take me to autumn house from travellers rest|Sure thing! What time do you want to leave?
I want to arrive by 07:00, what time I leave is okay.|There's a grey skoda that will be picking you up. You can contact the driver at 07605689057.
I am looking to stay at a 4 star rated place in the moderate price range.|What area would you like it to be in?
I don't have a preference for what area, I do however want free WiFi. I would also like to stay in a guesthouse.|Then may I suggest the a and b guest house?
yes can you book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday ?|The guesthouse is located on the east side at 124 tenison road. I am trying to book it but the system must be busy. I'll try again in a minute.
Please try again|Booking was successful your ref number is 1R8GSLHI, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find an Indian restaurant in the north please.|You have two options, The Nirala is moderately priced, royal price is cheap, any preference?
I want the cheap one.|royal spice it is. Shall book it for you ?
On second thought, I'd like to go with Nirala? My friends want to try something a little more moderately priced. Can you give me the postcode, address and phone?|The address of the Nirala is 7 Milton Road Chesterton at the cb1uy postcode. Their number is 01223360966.
I also will need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant by 02:15.|I have booked  grey volkswagen with contact number 07588046247. Anything else I can be of help?
Thanks that will be all for today. Goodbye.|Goodbye, enjoy your stay
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the center, but I would recommend christ's college. It's at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu, phone number 01223334900, and the entrance fee is free!
Thank you very much for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you help me locate a guesthouse that stay in that is also in the centre of town?|I have two, in the cheap range. Are there any other criteria you would like me to narrow it by?
Yeah, I'd like someplace with free wifi, please.|I have found 2 guesthouses that are in the cheap range. One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you like for me to reserve one for you?
I need the postcode too.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has a postcode of cb12de. El Shaddai guesthouse has a postcode of cb11eg. Anything else I can provide?
I also need to take a taxi between the college and the guesthouse. Can you help me with that?|When do you wan to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave christ's college by 6:30.|Alright, I've got you booked in a blue Volkswagen.
Can you tell me the contact number for the taxi please?|The number is 07841875956, is that all you need?
Yes it is, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need to book a taxi going to Rosa's Bed and Breakfast that leaves after 17:45.|Where would you like to depart from?
I will be leaving from saigon city.|I have booked you a yellow bmw. The contact number is 07333936064.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all. Goodbye.|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves venetian food.|Regretfully, I don't have a listing for Venetian cuisine. Do you have a second choice?
Anything in the centre would be fine, whatever you recommend.|There are over a hundred restaurants to chose from do you have a price range?
Definitely something moderately priced. If you can't find Venetian, how about British?|There are 4 results. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, and cotto. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, please. Find out which of the four restaurants have vegan options, please?|Sadly, I don't have access to that information.  The Oak Bistro might be a good choice. Their phone number is 01223323361 if you'd like to call them
Okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 11:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0IJIWWQ9.  What else can I help you with?
I also need a place to stay.  Can you help with that?|Yes I can. What type of place to stay would you like? What area of town?
I'm looking for a place that has 3 stars and free parking.|We have five hotels that meet that criteria, are you looking for a specific part of town?
I am not looking for a specific area, but I would like for it to be in the moderate price range, please.|How about the hamilton lodge it's located in the north.
Does that one have free internet as well? If so it will work great for me.|Yes the hamilton lodge is 3 stars moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking.
Thanks, I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I can help you book a taxi but first I need some information - where are you leaving from and what's the destination. Also what time do you want to leave?
I am traveling between the two places discussed, I need to reach the restaurant by the booked time.|I booked you a black volvo. The driver can be reached at 07410117478. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I clearly wasn't paying attention.  Yes that is all I need.|Then you are all set?
Yes. Have a great day.|Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for museums to visit in town. What are my options?|There are 23 museums in the city. Do you have a particular area of town that you're interested in?
I have no idea. Could you suggest one that sounds interesting?|I recommend the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in the centre of town.  How does that sound?
Can I get the phone number and address please. I also need a hotel with free parking.|The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street. In what area would you like the hotel to be in?
Near the museum if possible. I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|I found the Alexander Bed and Breakfast that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book your stay?
No, I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome and I hope you enjoy your museum visit.
I need to book a taxi to come by Saffron Brasserie by 03:30.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from saffron brasserie.|Where will you be going?
I'm going to leicester train station and need to arrive there by 03:30|Just want to confirm before booking you are departing from saffron brasserie and want to arrive at leicester by 3:30, is that correct?
Yes, that is correct|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07379980416
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|Thanks for using the help desk and have a great day.
Looking for place to eat in the south|There are nine restaurants in the south. What is your price range or type of food you prefer?
I need something in the moderate price range, preferably Eastern European food.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything that meets those requirements. Can I try another type of cuisine?
Yes, let's try looking for an Italian restaurant please.|I have one in the south, moderate price, would you like to book that one?
Can you just give me the postcode, phone number, and address?|The pizza hut cherry hinton is at  G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy phone number 01223323737
I also need a room, with wifi and in the moderate price range.|There are 17 options. Is there a specific area that you would like to stay in?
Let's try a guesthouse, please.|Sure! I'd suggest the Avalon, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi and 4 stars. How does that sound?
The Avalon sounds lovely. Would you book it for 3 nights starting Friday for 4 people?|I have booked it for you. Your reference number is UBTSOUBT. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant and will need it until I leave at 02:15 and after, can you give me a contact number for the taxi and what car type?|The contact number for the taxi is 07992886663.
Could I also get the car type please?|Oh, sure. Be looking for a grey Volvo to pick you up. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I need, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Feel free to come back if you have any other questions!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the South, I'd like to have indian food.|taj tandoori is indian food located in the south. Want to book it?
Yes please for two people.|What day and time would you like that table?
Actually, I don't need to book it. Can I get the address, postcode and phone number instead?  And to make sure, this is a very expensive restaurant?|64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton 01223412299 cb17aa there you go.
Need a place to go that is a theater near the restaurant.|The Junction Theatre is also in the south.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, can I get their postcode and their entrance fee please?|i'm not sure about the entrance fee but the postcode is cb17gx
Thank you! Can you please book me a taxi from the theatre to the restaurant, leaving the theatre at 16:30?|Your taxi was successfully booked. A black volvo car will pick you up at 1630 from the Junction Theatre and take you to the Taj Tandoori restaurant.
Hi, I'm trying to find a hotel to stay at. Can you help with that?|I would be happy to help.  Do you have a preference for the part of town the hotel is in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.|Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel.|There are two in that area. Huntington Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry. Do you have a price range in mind?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|I have successfully booked you at Huntington Marriott Hotel. Reference number is G1WB5WLO. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for the booking. I also want to visit an attraction in the east, something fun involving a boat.|I have camboats in the East whose address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you also give me the postcode and entrance fee, please?|ok the postcode is 567438 and the entrance fee is $20
I am looking for a restaurant called Panahar.|Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 5 at 11:00 on thursday|I have booked your reservation for 5 on thursday at 11:00. Your reference number is 2UOIVX5L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks so much. Let me double check my list.|Perhaps I could help you find an attraction to visit while you're in town?
That would be great. I'm looking for a place to go in the centre. A college would be nice.|we have several 3 in the west and 2 in the centre of town, any preference?
I don't have a specific college in mind, do you mind giving me your recommendation? Which one do you think is the most beautiful?|Corpus Christi in the centre is quite beautiful, in my opinion.
Great, could I get the address there?|Sure, their address is king's parade. Do you need anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|You taxi is booked. Look for a black lexus, contact number is 07439355567. Can I help with anything else?
I believe that is all for today. I really appreciate all your help. Have a great day. goodbye|excellent, have a great day!
I am planning a trip to cambridge and would like a place to go in the centre area.|Do you have a particular attraction type in mind? There are colleges, cinemas, museums, nightclubs and more. Do any of those interest you?
I think a nightclub would be interesting. Do you have a favorite?|I would recommend the soul tree nightclub in the centre of town.
Okay, great. Do you have a phone number for the nightclub?|The phone number is 01223477900. Can I help with anything else?
I'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. Can you tell me about a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town?|Sure what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I think Indian food sounds good, please provide me with their phone number.|It looks like there aren't any moderately priced Indian places in the centre.  Can I check another section of town, perhaps?
Same area is fine, any type of place will work, Ill go with what you recommend.|There is none in that area,would you like to try something else
Sure, any kind of food that is moderately priced and in the same area would be great.|I'm sorry it took so long for me to figure out what you meant. I'd recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
I just want their phone number please|Their number is 01223518111.
Thank  you, can you help me book a taxi from the restaurant at 18:45?|Sure, what will your destination be?
I need to go to the soul tree nightclub.|Your booking is completed, a blue toyota will be picking you up.
What is the contact number?|I apologize, the contact number is 07415118557, can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you, have a great weekend.|You too! Enjoy your time with us here in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place called abbey pool? Is there one in cambridge?|Yes, I have a listing for that. What information would you like?
Could you provide me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee for them, but you can reach them at 01223902088 to get that info. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel on the west side.|I found two, huntingdon marriot hotel and the cambridge belfry. Do you have a preference?
I definitely want a 4-star place with free parking. Which of those meets that criteria?|Yes, they both meet your criteria. Which one do you prefer?
I think the huntingdon marriot hotel. Could I get the passcode?|Just to clarify, were you wanting the postcode. If so, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi to pick me up from the abbey pool and astroturf pitch at 20:00 and take me to the hotel.|A white ford will be picking you up at Abbey Pool at 20:00. The contact number is 07835847552. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your assistance!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am hoping to try some restaurants while in town but before that, I would like to go to a park.|We have several, in several different parts of town. I can recommend Wandlebury Country Park in the south. Would that suit you?
Yes, I think so. Let's try that. Can you tell me their address please?|The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Is there an entrance fee? I would also like a restaurant serving Indian food that is in the west. What can you recommend?|The park is free. There are several Indian places on the Westside. Do you have a price range you're looking for? Otherwise I'd suggest Tandoori Palace.
No, Tandoori Palace sounds good.  Please book that for 3 people at 15:15 on Saturday.|I was able to book you a table for 3 at Tandoori Place on Saturday at 15:15.  Can I help you more today?
Can I have the reference number please?|The reference number is RGA0Z1UO. Can I help with anything else today? Perhaps a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places please.|Sure! when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need it to get me to the Tandoori Palace in time for my reservation. So 15:15?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07337861818. Anything else I can help with?
Nothing else. Thank you so much for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to dine that is in the expensive price range.|I can go ahead and help you with that. Are you looking for a particular type of food?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.|Okay, would you like to try any specific type of food?
Let's go with lebanese.|I have no listings for lebanese food in the expensive price range. Would you like to try something else?
Can you list places for french food?|Restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north part of the city and cote is in the centre of the city. Do either of those sound good?
Cote sounds good. What is the address?|The address for Cote is Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yup book it thanks!  Can you recommend a place to go nearby as well?  thank you|How many people should I book for the restaurant?
Nope, don't book it!  Please give me the address instead.|Sure, the address is Bridge Street City Centre. What else can I help with?
Yes.  I need to a place to go.  I'm thinking it would be convenient if it was in the same area as the restaurant.|You have a particular type of attraction in mind?
Nothing in particular what would you recomend and what are the  entrance fees?|All saints church and Holy trinity church are nice places if you are into architecture. They both have free entrance. Do one of these interest you?
Yes, I would also need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the attraction by 11:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red honda
Contact number	:	07362331493
Thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks, you too!
Please click on end of dialogue.|Oops. Sorry about that.
I heard cityroomz is a good hotel.  Can you give me some information on this hotel?|It is located in he centre of town and is priced in the moderate range.
Can you book it for me|Yes I can. What day will you be arriving and departing? And how many people will be staying?
I would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on Monday.|I have you booked for 3 nights starting Monday at CityRoomz.  Your reference number is Z629WKMU.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Sure, I'm looking for places to go in town, something in the east. Can you help?|I have that here. What would you like to know?
Can you give me the address, attraction type, and entrance fee please?|How about the abbey pool and astroturf pitch located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
That sounds great. What is the entrance fee?|I am sorry but there is no information on the entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get there?|I certainly can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by astroturf pitch by 09:30.|Good news, a taxi is booked, this is a white Volkswagen. The phone number is 07766913165.
Great! Thank you. That's all I need for today. I appreciate your help.|Any time! Enjoy your trip!
I am in need of some entertainment. Can you recommend anything?|all saints church is pretty popular for architecture lovers.
Where is this located?|It is located on jesus lane in the city center.
Is it located in the centre? If none exists, could you find one that is a type of concerthall?|Yes, All Saints Church is located in the central area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is the phone number and postcode for All Saints Church?|The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Is All Saint Church an entertainment attraction? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves eastern european food in the moderate price range.|There are no eastern european restaurants in the centre. Perhaps you would like chinese instead?
Well, I guess I would like to try turkish food if you have that.|I have 3 great places that serve turkish food in the centre of town. I have 2 that are moderately priced and 1 that is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I need it on Friday, for 6, at 12:15.|I would happily book the restaurant but I need you to respond to my previous inquiry about your price preference
I would prefer moderately priced. What are the two options I have?|The two options are Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Anatolia sounds good. Please book it for 6 people on Friday at 12:15|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 71YJN5ID.
I also need a taxi to commute between the locations.|No, it is an architectural attraction. Would you like me to look for a concert hall for you?
I actually want entertainment type of place.|How about cherry hinton hall and grounds?
Sounds great, I'd like a taxi to go between the two that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07835118695 and the car type is a black audi. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that should do it. Thanks for your help today!|You are very welcome. Have a good evening. Goodbye.
I need to book a taxi to come to Da Vinci Pizzeria by 01:45.|I can help you with that. where are you going?
I am going to Cambridge Road Church of Christ.|Your booking is complete. The taxi is a yellow Honda. Contact number 07024160438.
Thank you for your help that is all I need today|You're welcome, have a great day!
Yes, i would like you to book a taxi for arrival by 10:45 from the maharajah tandoori restaurant.|What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I would like to leave at 10:45|Can you confirm for me whether 10:45 is your required arrival time or is it when you'd like to depart? And what is your destination?
I want to arrive by 10:45.|You want to arrive by 10:45 at which destination, please?
I am wanting to go to Old Schools.|Alright I have a white ford for you. The contact number is 07314884392. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all, thank you|thanks to you and enjoy
I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre, is there anything interesting to see there?|There are tons of things to see in the centre, you'll have a blast. What kind of attraction were you thinking?
I was thinking something in entertainment, but if that is not available I would like to know where the swimming pools are.|Nothing in the terms of entertainment but there is a swimmingpool. It is called Parkside Pools.
that is fine. get me the phone number and address|The phone number is 01223446100. The address is gonville place. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for information on a restaurant called rice boat.|Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side. Their location is 37 Newnham Road, Newnham. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Saturday for 5 people at 13:45? Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I have the reference number for the booking?|Yes I will get you that number,one moment please
I am wanting to visit a college while I am traveling in town. Do you have any listings?|There are 18 colleges that you can visit. Is there a particular part of town that you are interested in?
I have no preference for the area, would you recommend one for me? I would also need the postcode and entrance fee please.|Christ's college is located in the centre of town at listed postcode cb23bu. The entrance fee is free. Would you like more information?
No thanks, but I do need a place to stay. Could you find me something with free parking?|There are five places with parking, is there a specific price range you would like to look for?
no nothing specific, but the cheaper the better|Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the West side of town.|Any other requests?
Thank you!  I would like it to have at least 4 stars.|I have two, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Doesn't matter. Do both include wifi?|Yes both have wifi
You know what, come to think of it I think I would prefer to stay on the south side of town. Can you check for a 4-star hotel there?|There are two 4-star hotels: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Could you get me the postcode for Rosa's B&B? And is that a hotel or guesthouse?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse.  It has internet and parking, as requested, and the postcode is cb22ha. Shall I book a room for you at Rosa's?
Yes I will also need to book a taxi from Rosa's for 04:45.|Just to confirm, you want a taxi from Rosa's to Christ's College with a departure time of 04:45, correct?
That is correct.|Okay you have a booked car, a blue tesla, contact number 07113187062.
Thank you. I think that's all I need today. Bye.|You are most welcome.  Have a good day.
I"m looking for a hotel in the east.|There is an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, shall I book it for you?
What is the price range and is there internet?|The price range is expensive, and there is internet.
I need it to have four stars and free parking.|Unfortunately i found no matches. Would like me to look elsewhere with your same request?
Is there a guesthouse that would be available with that criteria?|Yes, there are a few four star guesthouses in the cheap and moderate price ranges with free parking and internet in the east. Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't have a price preference. Which guesthouse do you recommend?|I highly recommend warkworth house in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes book it with reference number|What night will you be arriving?
The day that I arrive is flexible.|I can book you in if you have an idea of when your stay will begin.
I will arrive on Wednesday.|I can book the warkworth arriving on Wednesday. How many nights will be be there?
We will be there for 4 nights.|How many people will be staying?
4 of us will be staying. Please give me the reference number for this booking.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IM2BXWKV.
Can you tell me about nightclubs in the centre area?|There are 44 different places in the centre. What kind are you interested in? Architecture, boat, cinema, college, concert hall, museum, night club, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
As I mentioned before, can you tell me about a good nightclub?|My favorite is Ballare. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please|The phone number is 01223364222. Postcode, cb23na. Address is cb23na	heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Now I'll need a taxi to pick me up at 15:00 from Ballare and take me to the hotel|Okay, I have booked the car.  The driver will be in a white Honda.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number for the taxi is 07885085016. Do you need anything else or is this all for now?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Have a wonderful trip. Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye.
I have some questions about attractions, today.|What type of questions do you have. I have 79 attractions available what are you looking for and in what area?
I want to learn about attractions in the west side of town.|Are you looking for a museum to visit? Or would you prefer a college?
Surprise me :)  I need the address, postcode and the entrance fee.  I also need a vegetarian restaurant with a moderate price range.|I would recommend churchhill college. It's free to enter. The address is storey's way. The post code is cb30ds. What area should the restaurant be in?
i don't mind where it is as long as they have vegetarian food.|I'm sorry, I have no vegetarian restaurants available. Is there something else you would be interested in?
Could you look for an Indian restaurant?|There is an indian restaurant called Meghna in the west. It's moderately priced. Would you like me to book a table?
No just provide me their address and phone number.|sure they are located at 205 Victoria Rd Chesterton, phone is 01223727410, something else today?
I'm going to need a taxi to get to the two places.|Where do you want to depart and arrive and what time?
I'm going to need to leave the museum by 9:00.|Your are booked, look for a red volvo, if you need to contact them, their number is 07134286519, any further questions?
Thank you so much. I don't think I have any questions right now.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I'm looking for an Italian food restaurant located in the centre|i got 9 options.what is your price range?
Thank you! I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|Okay, I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. It needs to be for 4 people at 18:15 on Thursday.|I was able to book your table successfully. Your reference number is T8HBG78O and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Do you need any further assistance today?
Well, I also need a place to stay.  I prefer a guesthouse with a 2 star rating.|We have many guest houses, but none of them have a two star rating. Could I find something else for you?
Yes you can The hotel should be in the same area as the restaurant|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
Okay thank you. Please book that for 4 people at 18:15 on thursday.|I will book that for 4 people.
Thank you. What is the address?|The address is 154 chesterton road.
I need a cab to commute, to the hotel by 18:15 and I need the contact # and car type too please|Okay! From where will you be departing?
Actually I will be departing from the hotel and arriving by the 18:15 restaurant booking.   How silly of me to tell you that I was leaving the restaurant.|Your taxi is confirmed. You should look for a white lexus. If you need to contact the driver, the contact number is 07179268142.
That is all I need today thank you.|You're welcome. Please contact us again if you need any further assistance.
Hi! Can you tell me a little bit about the colleges that are in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges to visit in the centre. Are you interested in visiting christs college?
Sounds great. What is the address?|The address for Christ's College is Saint Andrew's Street.
Is there an entrance fee for the college?|There is no entrance fee for Christ's College.
Great. I'm looking for Midsummer House Restaurant also. Can you help me book it?|Yes, I can! When and what time would you like to go? Also how many people is the reservation for?
I need to book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on Tuesday.|It has been booked the reference number is E8J6X7ZH the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi between both places to arrive by the booked time|I've booked your taxi! A Grey Volkswagen will you pick you up and take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07776457787. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 16:00?|Yes, the taxi is due to arrive at 16:00.
Great. Thank you for your help.|It's my pleasure. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
Hi, I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town to visit.|We have quite a few interesting attractions in the center of town.  Is there anything in particular you would like to see?
I have no preference, I just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.|There are 44 different attractions here in cambridge.  Would you like me to pick one of them for you?
As long as it is in the centre of town, yes.|There is the All Saints Church at Jesus Lane.
Can I get the adress, postcode, and entrance fee?|No problem. The address is Jesus Lane, postcode cb58bs and the entrance fee is free. What else can I help you with?
I would like to book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, for three people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.|That booking wasn't successful.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you try for 1 night instead?|Yes, I was able to book it for one night. your reference number is U4CZ92U1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi for me?|Sure. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'm hoping to leave from the Alexander by 09:30 please.|Alright, I got a yellow Toyota taxi to take you from the Alexander to All Saints Church. The taxi contact number is 07449269313. Anything else you need today?
No thanks, that's all.|Great, have a fantastic trip. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need the phone number and location of the nearest Red Lobster in the downtown Cambridge area.|I'm sorry, could you please repeat your request?  There seems to be an error.
I need a taxi,from darrys cookhouse and wine shop and go to restaurant two two and leave at 9 00|Your booking is complete.  The car type is a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07556741489.
Thank you for your quick response.|You are very welcome please let us know if we may help with anything else.
No, that should be it. I really appreciate your help!|You're welcome! Have a great time.
I need a restaurant that serves Indian food in the moderate price range|I have two indian restaurants in the east, and one each in the north and west. Where do you want to dine?
I would like the one in the west.|Meghan is in that area and serves Indian food would you like to make a reservation
Yes. I would like a reservation for 1 person at 13:15 on Thursday.|I've successfully booked your table. The reference number is GK41EYSD.
I would like to go to a nice nightclub|We have ballare that's night, it's in the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and entrance fee for it?|Ballare is Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard, postcode cb23na and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also going to need a taxi that goes from Ballare to Meghan and gets me to Meghan by 13:15 for my reservation.|OK, I have a grey skoda taxi booked for you. The Contact number is 07058412849. Is there anything else I can help with today?
.
No thank you, that is everything that I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
Hello, I'm looking for a college to go to.|I can certainly help with that. We have 18 colleges around the city. Is there a certain area you prefer to visit?
What's the most popular? May I have the postcode, entrance fee, and what area is it in?|Christ's college is popular.  It is in the centre and does not have an entrance fee.
Yes, thank you that will be fine.|Christ's college is located at saint andrew's street in the centre and their postcode is cb23bu.
Wonderful. I am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 4 star rating. I would like for it to have free wifi and in the west.|There are no establishments matching your criteria. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Can you then search for one that is in the South?|Yes.  I would recommend Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south.
Great. Can I book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Saturday?|Absolutely, I was able to book you, and your reference number is WQ2KJECE. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to look for a taxi to get between both places.|Please tell me which place will be your departure site and what time you need to leave.
I would like to leave the college by 18:30.|The booking is completed.  I have booked car type	:	black skoda, Contact number	:	07214711864
That's excellent, than you so much for your assistance.|No problem, have a great time.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Yes, there are multiple places to stay in Cambridge. May I help narrow down these choices for you?
I don't care about what part of town it is in, but I would like a 3 star guesthouse.|I'd suggest bridge guest house on 151 hills road. Would you like a reservation?
How expensive is it ? And is there any nearby attractions ?|The Bridge Guest House is in the moderate price range, and we have attractions in all areas of Cambridge so I'm sure you will find something to your liking.
Can you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Wednesday?|I was able to book the room for you your reference number is 5YY25K1O. Is there anything else you need me to do for you?
No, you've been very helpful. That's all I needed. Thank you very much.|You are welcome.
Actually, I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.|The Kymmoy is expensive and in the centre of town
I need to book a table for the same group of people at 20:00 the same day. I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UF08L0ON.  Anything else that I may help you with.
Yeah, I'd like a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number.|Taxi is booked. It's a black volkswagen, phone number 07609143114. Is that all for now?
yes, that's everything for me. Thanks for helping, goodbye|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a place to stay.|Great we have 33 places, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I'd like a moderately priced guesthouse.|We have 15 moderate priced Guesthomes available that may suit your needs, is there a certain area or star rating you are interested in?
Somewhere in the south would be ideal.|There are two:  Aylebray Lodge Guest House and Bridge Guest House.  Do either of those sound appealling?
Not sure yet.  Does either have free parking?  I also need free wifi.|There are 2 guest houses in the south part of town both have parking and internet. Do you want a 4 or 3 star room?
The star rating is not important. Either of those will do. Can I just get the name of one and the address please?|Bridge guest house	is located at 151 hills road. Would you like to book?
No thanks, can you help me find a nightclub to go to?|There are several nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Are you looking for anything in particular?
No, can you recommend your favorite one?|Yes, I recommend Club Salsa on 1 Station Road. It costs 5 pounds to get in.
OKay that's perfect thanks so much.|No problem! Is that all I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi. Ill need to leave club salsa by 15:45 and go to bridge guest house.|Okay let me work on booking that for you!
Thank you. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|i booked your taxi. there will be a black lexus coming for you. their phone number is 07229053145.
thanks for all your help. You've been great. Have a nice day. Goodbye.|You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I am in the center are of Cambridge, are there any Japanese restaurants in that part of town?|Yes. There is one Japanese restaurant in the centre. It is called Wagamama and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to place a reservation?
Yes, if you could that would be great. Can I get their number please?|Phone number is 01223462354. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need reservations for 8 people please.|What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 8 at 14:30 on thursday.|Reference number is : KJBB2GXB. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.  Possibly and entertainment type of venue.|Unfortunately, there aren't any entertainment venues in the centre.  Would you like me to search for a different type of venue or in a different area?
Yes, could you try the north please?|I'm sorry, there are none in the north. I have found a few in the east, south and west. Would any of those areas work for you?
okay are their any colleges around? I need a phone number, entrance fee and address of one that you would recommend please|My favorite college in the centre is Jesus College on Jesus Lane. It's very Jesus-y. Would you like their contact information?
phone number, entrance fee, and address.|The phone number is 01223339485.
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the college to the restaurant that arrives by the time of my reservation?|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Volkswagen and their contact number is 07598698020.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the east|There are no cheap hotels in the area but three cheap guesthouses.  Are those ok, or did you want me to run another search?
I think a 4 star guest house would be good.|autumn house	is located at 710 newmarket road. Want me to book it for you?
No, I don't need a booking, just the phone number please.|Certainly, the phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes information regarding a particular restaurant called Michael House Cafe.|Michael House Cafe is located in the centre area and serves European food. Would you like to book a table?
no just the address if you have it|Yes the address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Great.  I would like you to book a taxi for me.  I want to leave the restaurant by 9:45 and head back to the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey BMW and the contact number is 07956996955.
That is. Thanks for your help !|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Please call again if we can assist you with anything else! Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a restaurant called caffe uno|There is a caffe uno at 32 Bridge St., would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 4 people, at 15:15, and I'd like that for Saturday,please.|Here is the booking information.Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9ZL6WG4I.
I am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the north and has free parking and wifi.|The Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced, 4-star accommodation with internet and parking. Would that suit you?
Yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting saturday|I apologize but the hotel booking system appears to be down at the moment.  Can I help you with something else?
Please try for wednesday instead and see if that works|I'm sorry, I can't book anything right now.
Is there another guesthouse that you can try?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 89C4TDSA.
Thank you, I need a taxi too back and forth between the two places. I need to get to the place to eat on time.|A blue volvo is booked. The contact number is 07059000529. Will that be all for you today?
Yes thank you. You have been so helpful and made this process easy.|Great, thanks for talking to us today!
I'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?|The A and B guest house is a cool place to stay in the east. We also have many other options. Do you have a price range?
I'm a sophisticated man. I will only consider expensive guesthouses.|We have 5 great choices. Do you have a preference with a specific location?
I would like to make sure it has free wifi.|The gonville hotel is really nice. Want a reservation?
Yes can you please?|Can you tell me what day you want to start your stay? And how many people for how many nights?
monday and for 5 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is AZSYT6ET. Can I help with anything else?
We need a place to go in town.  Can you help?|Sure I can. Do you have a preference for what part of town, or what type of place you want to visit?
I'm looking for a place to go in the east, entertainment type.|How does the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds sound? Would you like more information about this attraction?
Sounds great. I'd love to know the postcode, phone number, and address for that attraction if you wouldn't mind.|The postcode is cb18dw. They are on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446104. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a taxi?|Yes I can I just need the travel time, departure time, and arrival time.
Yes, I want to depart Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds by 16:00. I will be going to the hotel.|I need to know the name of destination please.
You just reserved the Gonville hotel for me. That's where I'd like to go.|Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a Blue Ford.  Contact number: 07146797795. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all.|Thanks for using our service. Enjoy your visit.
Thank you. Goodbye.|thank you for using this service good bye
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.|We have two options in North available for you, do you have any additional criteria to choose between those or would you like a reccomendation?
I do want it to be a 4-star place.|It looks like there aren't any 4 star hotels in the north.  Would you like me to check another area?
No, I like the North.  Perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?|There are several options for guesthouses in the north with 4 stars, would you prefer moderate or cheap price range?
I would prefer the cheap price range.|Would you like to book worth house?
What is the price of the Worth House?|Sorry, I don't have that information. There phone number is 01223316074.
can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people.|Sure, your booking for the Worth House for a 5 night stay has been confirmed. Your reference number is GWIK59YW. May I help with anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|I search for restaurants in the north, there are 9 options, any preferences?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price|I have many in those categories. How about trying Saigon City?
Thank you. I just need their phone number and postcode.|The phone number for Saigon City is  	01223356555. The post code is cb41nl. Can I help you with anyone else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.|When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 8:30.|I booked you a yellow lexus and you can reach the driver at 07465015812. Would that be all today?
Thank you for the booking of the taxi.  That will be all foe now.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I would like to book a taxi please.|Where would you like to go?
I need to go to broughton house gallery.|I'd be happy to book that for you, where will you need picked up?
I am leaving from the junction.|Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
Where is this saffron brasserie located?|it's located in the centre.
Great I would like to book a table.|Ok, I can handle that for you. How many people will dining with you?
Well...I don't have any friends... I'll be going in on Thursday at 12:30.|Okay, I was able to book a table for you. Reference number is : 1793CE4C. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the east. It doesn't have to have free parking, but I would like a 4 star place.|There are several guest houses with 4 stars in the east. They are in the cheap and moderate price ranges. Do you have a preference?
No preference. Could you pick one for me?|Sure, I recommend Autumn House.  It is on 710 Newmarket Road and is very popular.
Could you book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Autumn House is booked for you. 1 person staying 2 nights starting on Thursday. Your Reference number is : 8YGNKA7F. Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please also find a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.|What time frame would you like it to be in?
I would to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 12:30.|Okay. Your booking is completed. The car type is red Honda. The contact number is 07940318761.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thanks for the help.|You are very welcome, enjoy.
I'm sure I will. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help find a theatre in the centre of town?|I can help you with that.  How about the ADC Theatre?  It is in the centre of town.
Great, how much is admission?|Sorry, I don't have that information, but here is the phone number: 01 223 300 0085 if you would like more specifics.
thank you. i also want a hotel to stay which should a have a  star of 4|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.|Do you prefer a specific type of hotel or are you working on a budget?
I'd like a 4 star in the cheap price range please.|I have one fitting that. Would you like more info?
Yes is it a guesthouse?|Yes it is, it's called worth house.
I need the phone number for the hotel please.|The phone number is 01223316074. May I help with something else?
i also need a taxi from the worth house to the adc theatre. i want to leave the hotel by 20:15.|Booking completed!  Your booked car type is blue audi and it will come at 20:15.  The contact number is 07263502417.  Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I needed.|Great! Enjoy your show, and I hope you have a great stay!
I'm looking to visit a museum in Cambridge. Can you tell me a little about what you have?|There are 23 museums that match that criteria. What area should the museum be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one?|Cambridge Artworks is a great place and has free entry. Their address and phone number is 5 Greens Road 01223902168.
Sounds great, thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant in the Centre that serves gastropub food.|Okay, there are 3 different restaurants. What is your price range?
It really doesn't matter money is no object. I need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. As long as its a gastropub in the centre of town|I will make a booking for backstreet bistro,Booking complete here is your reference number T9TB8FBO.
awesome! thanks for all the info|Sure.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi to get between the museum and the restaurant.|I can work on booking this for you.
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. I'll need the contact number and car type as well please.|Okay I have booked your taxi. The contact number is 07498867892 and the car is a blue tesla.
Thank you that's all the help I need. Goodbye|Thanks for using our service today!
I am looking for a college to visit.|We have many colleges in Cambridge, most of which are in the center of town. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I don't have a preference, but could I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number please?|Clare college is located in the west with a postcode of cb21tl. The phone number is 01223333200 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you. Can you help me in finding a hotel in the centre of town?|May I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast Hotel located in the centre of town at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Does it have 0 stars? I'm wanting to make sure I book a room at a place with 0 stars.|No, the Alexander has a 4 star rating. There are two others located in the centre of town that have 0 stars. Would you like information for either of those?
Could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Saturday?  If so, book it and please provide a reference number.|In order that I may better serve you, I will need the date you will need your accommodations.
I just said I needed it on Saturday for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us.|I have you booked for four nights.  Your reference number is ACLLASUS.
Great, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|I'd be happy to help you with a taxi. Which will you be departing from and what time are you looking to leave?
I will be departing from Clare college at 02:15.|Okay, I booked a taxi from Clare College to Alexander at 02:15. The car will be a yellow Tesla, contact number is 07924405989.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.|What price range are you looking for?
Expensive and in the north please.|My system is not pulling up any guesthouses in the north with free wifi and expensive in price. Would you like to adjust your criteria?
Can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the moderate price range please?|I have several moderately priced guesthouses.  Do you have a star preference?
Not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. I'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. Can you book it for me? There's 4 in my party.|The booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number please.|The reference number is GF89WKAB, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a place to eat that serves british food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.|which side of town do you prefer?
Doesn't matter to me, what do you recommend?|I recommend travellers rest on the west side of town, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Sure. Can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at 17:15? And give me the reference number please.|Your reservation is booked, and the reference number is I2WJ41ZB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi as well.|I need to know which two locations you are going between and your time of travel please.
I need the taxi to get us from the hotel to the restaurant before the booked time please.|I need the time of travel, name of departure, name of arrival destination please.
Well it's going to be from our hotel to Travelers Rest restaurant by 5:15.|How many people will be in the taxi?
Four people will be riding in the taxi.|A white honda will pick you up at Acorn Guest House and take you to Traveller's Rest so that you arrive by 05:15. The driver's phone number is 	07854671215
Thank you for your help, that is all.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
I would really love to find an expensive Polish restaurant.|I'm sorry but there are no expensive Polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about Chinese food?|We have Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to book one of those?
Can I have the phone number for the Ugly Duckling restaurant?|There is no phone number for Ugly Duckling.
Okay let's try the Tang Chinese. Is there a phone number for them?|The phone number for Tang Chinese is 01223357187.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. I'd like to do something entertaining near the restaurant. Are there any museums in the area?|There are a few options. How about primavera, castle galleries, cambridge contemporary art or broughton house gallery. Would you like additional information on either of these?
I'd be interested in the contemporary art.  Do you know how much it costs to get in?|Cambridge contemporary art has free entrance. It is located at 6 trinity street. Do you need any more information?
That's not needed. I am  looking for a taxi to go between the two places, though.|What time would you like to go between the two locations?
Oh, wait. I'm so sorry. Before we book a taxi, can you provide me with the phone number to the art museum?|The phone number is 01223324222
I want to leave the museum by 4:15.|Wonderful. I was able to schedule that taxi for you. You will be riding in a grey Ford. If you have any questions for them, you can reach them at 07508824111.
Thanks so much for all your help.|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything. I'm sure my trip will be fantastic. Thank you for all the help. Have a good day!|Okay thank you for calling.
I need a guesthouse to stay while I'm in town.  I don't care if it has free parking or not.  Do you have something I could get?|I have 24 options available. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No specific area but i do need wifi and a moderate priced guesthouse please.|There are 14 guest house with internet and moderate price what area would you like
book a hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday|First let's pick one of the 14 guesthouses and then I'll book your room!
Sounds good. There are a lot to chose from, is there one that you specifically recommend?|Yes, I would recommend acorn guest house.
That sounds fine can you book for seven people for two nights starting Wednesday? I'm also looking for a park to visit.|Absolutely! Your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7ZCFV2O4. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a park to go to while I'm in town.|We have five parks available. Do you have an area that you would prefer?
I'd like someplace in the center, please.|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in the centre.  It's on Bateman Street.  The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with something else?
i also want a taxi to commute between  the two places|I should be able to help you with that. Are you traveling to the Botanic Gardens or from? And what time do you want the taxi for?
i want to leave the hotel by 01:15|And where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
It will be picking me up from the hotel. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|You are booked for a white audi with the contact number 07387814664. May I help with anything else, like a restaurant?
That's it for now. Thank you for you patient help. Goodbye.|Yeah, any time I was happy to help.
Hi, I need a moderate price range restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 21 restaurants that are moderately priced in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
British or European would be fine. May I book a table for 2 at 16:00 on a Wednesday and get a reference number please?|The oak bistro is a British restaurant in the centre area, in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this restaurant?
Yes. The booking should be for 2 on wednesday at 16:00. Could I also get a reference number?|Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is YWEKSO7H. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to visit within the same area as the restaurant. Do you have any recommendations?|We have parks, boats, museums, and many other interesting things to do. What strikes your fancy?
An art museum near the restaurant sounds nice.  How much is the admission price?|The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is fantastic, and it's free. Would you like more information?
I will need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant. Obviously it needs to get me there before my reservation.|sure! expect a grey toyota and call 07319086162 to contact your taxi
thank you, that is all I need.|You are welcome, please enjoy your time in Cambridge and if there's anything else we can assist you with let us know!
Can you recommend a hotel in the north part of town?|I would recommend Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road.
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating and free wifi?|No, I am afraid I have none with a 3 star rating in that area. Would you like to try another area or stars?
Any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free wifi.|Ok.  There is the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.  Are you interested in booking one of them?
No 3 star places to stay in the North? It doesn't have to be a hotel but maybe a guesthouse?|I have one..The Hamilton lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I just need the price range and the phone number|The price range is moderate. The phone number is 01223365664. Would you like any other information?
Are there any French restaurants in the same area as the Hamilton Lodge?|Yes, I actually do have one. It is Restaurant Two Two. They are expensive and located on 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223351880. Would you need reservations?
Could you please give me the postcode for Restaurant Two Two?|postal code is CB43AX
Need a place to eat, panasian food, pricey!|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any Panasian restaurants that fall into that price range. Would you like to look for a different type of food?
Thai food would be just as good.|I have 2 places, would you like the one in the west or centre of town?
Could I have the postcode, and address of both of them please?|Sala Thong is at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham, cb39ey and Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City, Centre, cb23jx.
Thanks. I need a place to stay also. I would like a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|I show 23 guesthouses available with free wifi.  Which area of town would you like to stay?
I would like to stay on the east side, please.|There are 6 guest houses in the east that offer free wifi. Can I recommend the Autumn House?
Hmm, I've never been there. Let's try that. Can you book me a room for Saturday for 5 guests, 2 nights please?|No problem! Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MJ95SPPP.
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|Which restaurant will you be going to and what time would you like to arrive?
Thank you, I would like to commute from the hotel to Sala Thong, and I want to leave by 06:15.|Ok, I have booked a taxi for you.  Its going to be a blue Audi & the contact number is 07493726924.
Great, you've been awesome. Bye.|Have a great day and a great trip! Goodbye.
Hi, I want to find an architecture attraction in the west please.|I am not showing an architecture in the west. Would you be interested in a different type of attraction or a different area?
Are there any museums in the west?|Yes. There are 7 museums in the west. I can recommend the cambridge country folk museum and kettle's yard. Would either of those interest you?
The folk museum sounds interesting.  Can I get the address and entrance fee?|Their address is 2-3 castle street and the fee is 3.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes - I'm looking for a 3-star place to stay. Something moderately priced.|There are 4 guesthouses that meet your criteria. The Hobsons House is popular. Would you like to book it?
As long as it is in the North, and meets that criteria, sure.|In the North and Moderately priced we have hamilton lodge and alpha-milton guest house.
Hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 3 nights starting monday, please.|You are booked at the Hamilton Lodge for three days starting Monday, and your confirmation number is 1ROQGKD4. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I want to leave the folk museum by 2:30 to go to the hotel. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|The contact number is 07050010887 and it will be a white Ford.
Thank you for the info on the taxi and helping me find one have a great day!|I wish you a lovely day too.
I would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
A moderate price range would be perfect. Could you make sure it also has a star rating of 3?|The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Sounds good, can you book it for me for Wednesday, 3 nights and 4 people?|The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive price range but is 3 star. The only moderate price hotel in that area is Cityroomz but is a 0 star rating.
You can book that on for me. I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Hotels do not have entrance fees. Gonville hotel is located at gonville place in the postcode cb11ly. Anything else for you?
I am sorry, I am looking for a park near the hotel. I need the entrance fee, phone number and postcode for the park.|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens  is a park nearby.  Their phone is 01223336265, the post code is cb21jk, it's located on bateman street.
Can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the Botanic Gardens at 3:30?|A grey ford will arrive to take you to gonville hotel. The contact number is 07759806308. Anything else today?
No thank you, that's all for today. Goodbye!|Thank you, have a great day
Hi, I would like to get a taxi from whale of a time. I'll need to leave after 22:45.|Could you tell me your destination, please?
I would like to go to Citi Stop Restaurant|Ok, I have you booked to leave at 22:45. The car is a yellow Skoda and their contact number is 07314230139. Anything else I can do for you?
nope thats all thank you!|Glad to be of help thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to go see architecture in the centre of town.|There are 4 churches and an old schools. All are free except for great saint mary's church which has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Which do you prefer?
Just give me the information for the first one that is free in the centre, like their phone number and postcode please.|holy trinity church, phone number is 01223355397, postcode is cb23nz. Is there anything else you need?
I actually would like to find a place to stay that is in the centre of town also.|We have 5 potential options available to you. Is there a particular lodging type or price range you are interested in the most?
No particular pricerange, but I want it to be a type of hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.|I think citycroomz would work well. Would you like more information?
No, thank you. That will be all. Have a great day!|My pleasure to be of service.  Have a wonderful visit to Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I would like an expensive guesthouse, please.|I'm not showing any expensive guesthouses.  Would you like me to search for guesthouses that are moderately priced?
Are there any expensive guesthouses in the centre with free parking?|No, I am afraid I am not showing any expensive guesthouse in the centre? Would you like to change your search?
How about cheap with the same criteria?|Yes, there are two. Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
yeah, let's do el shaddai.|Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
I need a table for 2 people.|i can book el shaddai for you. how many nights will you be staying?
Ok I will book it for you|What day would you like this reservation made for?
Please book the el shaddai for sunday, 2 nights, 2 people.|I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is FMTZQOT2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to go between the two places.|How many people in the taxi?
There will be 2 people.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to be picked up at my hotel and I need to be taken to the restaurant by 16:30.|Ok great. A restaurant has not been discussed yet. Would you like to book a table?
At the el shaddai.|I am not seeing that restaurant listed, is there a different one you might like to book?
I need a table for the same group of people and the same day.|There are 110 restaurants in the city. Are you looking for a particular area or cuisine type?
Yes, I am looking for Indian in the centre.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need to find an entertainment place in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town? Would you like me to search for a different area or a different type of attraction?
Is there a museum then?|Yes! There are 11 museums located in the centre of town. Would you like the information for any of them?
Yes, thank you. The address for any on that you recommend.|The primavera is located at 10 king s parage postcode cb21sj
thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the north.|acorn guest house	would be nice, can i boot it for you?
does it have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free wifi as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, for seven people. We want to check in on Sunday and stay for two nights.|Unfortunately there is no availability. Would you like to change the length of your stay or choose another guesthouse?
Alright, how about a single night stay? Would that work?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KIZ22NB2.
You are planning your trip in Cambridge.
You are looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range|Okay how about Yippee Noodle Bar? If you'd like I can book a table for you.
I would like to have British food. Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer British food?|No, Yippee Noodle Bar does not serve British food. However, there are four British restaurants in the area I could refer you to.
Yes, please recommend one.|The Oak Bistro is my favorite. Do you need their information or can I reserve a table for you?
Please reserve it for 2 people at 15:30 on thursday and give me the reference number.|Great. I have booked your table. The reference number is LU8KXXPR.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in centre as well that includes free wifi. Can you help me with that?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse that meets your needs, and Cityroomz is a hotel. Would you like to book a room at one of those?
Either would be fine, I guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on Thursday and we will be staying for 3 nights.|Your room is booked for 3 nights at El Shaddai, reference number is XBYOBYV7.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I will need a taxi to drive between the hotel and restaurant. Can you help me with that as well?|Yes, I can assist you with that. What time would you like to leave to the restaurant?
I just needed to arrive at the restaurant by 15 :30|Alright, I have your taxi booked for you. It will get you to the bistro by 15:30. Your car will be a red Volkswagen. Do you need anything else?
Just the contact number for the taxi, please.|The contact number is 07413487681. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the west please.|finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the west, it's fairly cheap too!
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does.
Great! I would like to make a booking for 8 people for 2 nights on Sunday.|I was able to book your party of 8 into Finches Bed and Breakfast starting Sunday for 2 nights. Reference: ZBJ8XF6G. Is there anything more I can assist with today?
Could you help me find an interesting museum?|Cambridge museum of technology	looks like a good place to check out.
Could you provide their  postcode, area, and entrance fee please?|Its postcode is cb58ld, it is in the east, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you for the info on a good museum to go to have a great day.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a taxi from the museum to the hotel.  I want to leave by 4:15.  Can you hook me up?|I was able to book your taxi from the museum back to finches.  It will be a grey volvo and the contact number is 07903288738.
Thanks! That's all I needed help with today.|Have a great trip!
Hi, I am looking for a particular attraction.  Have you heard of Scudamores Punting Co?|Yes, Scudamores Punting Co is located in Granta Place, Mill Lane and their phone number is 01223359750. Anything else you want to know?
Is there an entrance fee? If so, what is it?|If they have an entrance fee, it's not showing up with their listing. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yeah, are there any expensive Chinese places in town?|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to dine in?
I would like the south please.|How about peking restaurant? Would you like to make a reservation?
that sounds great, please do|Okay! For when, and for how many people?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but could you send me the postcode and address of the restaurant. Thank you.|The address of the restaurant is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. The postcode is cb28nx. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes.  I would like a taxi to take me from the attraction to the restaurant.|in order for me to get a cab for you I need the arrival and or departure times
I need to get to the attraction by 22:15.|I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue Volvo and the contact number is 07079040787.
Perfect thats everything I needed thanks for the help|You're welcome.  Have a great day.
I need information on a swimmingpool to visit.|There are 4 swimmingpools. One in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre.
We're going to be in the centre so maybe that one. Can I get the postcode of that one?|Yes their postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Hey, is Yu Garden still open?|Yes it most certainly is. Would you like their telephone number?
I don't need their number, but will you please book a table for 7 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?|I've booked a table for seven at yu garden. Your reservation is at 15:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is 799F0AEG. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will take me between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by 15:00.|I was able to book you a taxi it will be a yellow volkswagen. The driver's contract number is 07156664502. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that is all I need today.|Glad to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.|I have 5 hotels in Cambridge that match your request. Is there a particular area of town you are interested in? East? Centre? west? south?
Any area should be fine. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|Ok.  All five hotels have both free parking and wifi.  How does the university arms hotel sound?
It sounds expensive. Can I have the phone number and area please?|It is in the centre are and the phone number is 0122351241. May I help you with anything else today?
I also want to go to an attraction in the center part of town.|How about The Man on the Moon? It's a concerthall.
That sounds great. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|Phone number is 01223474144, and postcode is cb12lf
Thank you. I am looking to get a taxi to commute between the two places.|That should be easy, I just need a time and which place you will be leaving from.
I want to leave Man on the Moon at 24:30 and go to the University Arms Hotel.|I have booked you a white Lexus that will arrive by 24:30. The contact number for your driver is 07122328188. Anything else for you today?
That's all for me, thank you for your help.|I'm glad I could be of help.
Hi, I'm planning a visit to the south of Cambridge and am looking for a bed and breakfast.|Rosa's bed and breakfast on 53 roseford road is inexpensive and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it a type of guesthouse and is it in the south?|rosa's bed and breakfast
That sounds good. Can you book it for 3 people to stay 5 nights on tuesday?|Yes, sir, we have the booking all completed for you.  That was Five days starting Tuesday, for three people.  Is that correct?
Yes, but I do need the reference number, please. I'm also looking for a sri lankan restaurant in the south.|The reference number is 7AAVA5YO
Thank you for the reference number, how about the sri lankan restaurant in the south? Any luck finding one?|I'm sorry there are no results for a sri lankan restaurant in the south. Would you like to change some criteria, such as area or cuisine?
yes I found it and it was great|I apologize but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in south Cambridge. Would like to explore another area?
Nah, I'd like to stay in the same area as the hotel. Let's try a Portuguese restaurant instead.|You're in luck. We do indeed have a Portuguese restaurant in that area. The name is Nandos. Would you like a reservation?
No but could I get the postcode, address and phone number please?|Absolutely.  The postcode is cb17dy, the address is at Cambridge Leisure Park in Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223327908.
Can I also get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I'd like to leave the hotel by 5:30, please.|Yes I got you a taxi. It is a grey Volkswagen whose contact number is 07956461934.
Sounds great.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
I need a taxi departing from the gardenia.|I'd be happy to help. What time would you like to leave and/or arrive by?
I would like yo leave after 6:30.|I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'm going to the slug and lettuce.|Your taxi booking is for a red lexus with the contact number 07652996605.
That's all, thanks!|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all|Enjoy your meal and thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you find me one?|There are several what area would you like to eat at?
Yes, I'd like to eat in the centre if possible.|There are 2 curry garden and the golden curry. would you like to book either one?
Could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the Golden curry?|Sure the phone number is 01223329432 and the postal code is cb12az
Thanks.  Can you help me find a hotel as well?  I don't need internet, but I do need free parking.|I'm sorry,  there are no hotels that meet your needs. Do you have any other criteria?
I'd like it to be 3 stars and in the same price range as the restaurant.|I'm still not finding anything. What part of town would you like to look in?
I would prefer something in the Cambridge area or close to it.|I can book the curry garden for you.
That's ok, I just need the postcode and phone number.|There are two hotels I can find, one called the Gonville Hotel which is in the centre. The telephone is 01223366611 and the postcode is CB11LY.
can i get a contact number and car type please?|Sure, where will you be traveling to and from? Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 08:00|I've got a Red Audi, contact number 07611734774 leaving at 08:00.
Thank you, that's everything that I need.|Great! Have a nice trip!
I need a place to eat? How about some place in the centre of the town and in moderate price range?|Is there a type of food you are interested in having?
yes british food|There are 4 places that would suit your needs. Could I recommend, Restaurant One Seven? It's very popular this time of year.
sure, can you reserve a table for friday for me?|Sure.  What time would you like the table for?
12:45, Friday. 7 people. Reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 0DSRHJ06.
Perfect. I am also looking to stay at the finches bed and breakfast. Can you tell me about it?|it is a cheap 4 star guest house in the west. can we book?
Can you book it for 7 people for 2 nights on friday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 09NIQSM0.is there anything else i can do for you?
Yes, please. I'm going to need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|what time do you want to leave
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 12:45. I also need the contact number and car type please.|look out for a	yellow skoda with contact number 07860378071
Thank you, that'll be all today.|Please call again if we can assist you in any way. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I'm planning your trip in Cambridge.i'm looking for a place to dine in the east with chinese food|How about yu garden?
That sounds good! I would like to make a reservation for 2 at 13:15 on friday.|Yes I have made that for you and your reservation number is YWN5SM9V.
Awesome!  Thank you, could you give me their address?|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Recommendations for guesthouses to stay without free parking?|How about archway house? I hear it's lovely.
I can try it, can you book it for me?|I would be happy to. Let me get some additional information.  When would you like to check in?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks, good bye.|It was a pleasure to help you today. Goodbye.
Hello I'm looking for the shanghai family restaurant.|Yes I got it, what can I do for you sir?
Can you tell me the postcode?|The postcode is cb11dg.
Great I am also looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating that has free parking.|Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
The area doesn't really matter, but I would like something cheap.|I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to change your requirements?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel?|I have at least 8 hotels that might suit you. They all have internet, a 4 star rating and are in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for what part of town you stay in?
Yes I would like to stay on the east side of town.|I have both the Autumn House and the Allenbell. They are both guesthouses on the east side of town with a 4 star rating. Should i book one for you?
The Allenbell is fine. Could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on Tuesday, for 4 nights? I also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AVPKTYBJ.
I will als require a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 21:15. Can you provide he contact number and the type of car please.|What is your destination?
I don't have a particular destination for my taxi.|I'm sorry, but I cannot provide you information on the taxi without knowing your destination.
I need to get from the allenbell hotel to the shanghai family restaurant, please.|I have confirmed your taxi departing from allenbell at 21:15 to shanghai family restaurant. The contact number is 07779063338.  Is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes, I also need the car type.  Thank You|The booked Car type is a Red Toyota.
Thank you so much for all of your help, have a great day!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I want to find a guesthouse in the south area of Cambridge.|I found a few different options, ranging from cheap to moderate. What is your price range?
Expensive. Thank you.|I do not have an expensive guesthouse in the South.  Would you like to try a different area of town?
Yes, try the north please.|I would suggest avalon. Do you need me to book this?
actually, i still want a place in the south. maybe try a moderate price range.|Bridge guest house is a nice place would you like me to book it for you ?
Do they have free parking?|they have free parking. Shall i book it ?
I'm not quite ready to make a reservation, but can you tell me their postcode and phone number so I can ring them later if I change my mind?|Sure, you can call 01223247942 to reach them and they are found in postcode cb28rj
Great! I am looking for a place to swim, could you find one?|I have a few but there's one located in the centre area. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I have the postcode, entrance fee, and address?|Parkside pools is located in the centre, postcode cb11ly. The address is gonville place. There is no entrance fee information listed. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to pick me up from the swimming pool and hotel.|I will need a time to be picked up or a time you want to leave before I can book a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel at 01:30.|A black Toyota will pick you up at 11:30. Contact number is 07156228714. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thank you, that will be all! have a good day!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I need a taxi from peking restaurant.|I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I need to arrive at 10:45.|What is your destination after leaving peking restaurant?
I will be going to Maharajah Tandoori restaurant.|Ok I have a blue audio for you with the contact number 07304585611.
Do you mean a blue audi?|Yes, I apologize you should be looking for a Blue Audi. The contact number is 07304585611
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|No problem! Have a great night!
I need to book a taxi departing from parkside police station.|Okay, what is your destination?
i need to go to aylesbray lodge guest house.|Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I need to arrive by 18:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07160513391
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food. Can you help me?|There are 9 Italian restaurants in town, did you have a price range in mind?
I would like a moderately-priced restaurant.|I found Pizza Express on Regent Street, would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, book it for 3 people at 14:45 on Monday.|Oh dear. I was unable to make that reservation. Could we try another time?
Yes, could we try for 13:45. That would work for me.|I've booked it for 13:45 and your reference number is XEO5JPU2.  Can I help you any further?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.|What type of place would you like to go to?
I want to go to a museum.|I have about 11 different museums in the centre of town. Do you have any certain type of museum in mind. I have art museums, one with antiques, etc.
Whichever one you think, and please provide etrance fee as well.|They are all free. There is williams art and antiques, I like that one.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the two places?|Where would you like to leave from and what time?
I just need to ensure the taxi gets me from the museum to the restaurant by my reservation time. Can you swing that?|I got you a red tesla taxi. The contact number is 07456538406.
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Enjoy your trip and please call back if you need anything else.
Please book me a taxi to club salsa after 01:30.|I can book you a taxi to club salsa at 1:30. Where do you need to be picked up?
I am at saint john's college.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I want to arrive by 02:30.|Before booking, please confirm either your arrival or departure time.  There are 2 different times stated, so I want to be sure before reserving.
I'm sorry for the mixup.  I want to leave after 01:30.|Booking completed! Anything else I can help with?
Booked car type	:	yellow ford
Contact number	:	07427696778
Thanks! That would be all.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.|There are four swimming pools in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, actually it doesn't matter. Can you suggest one and provide me the postcode?|Yes, the Jesus green outdoor pool get the most consistently positive feedback, their postal code is cb43px, can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a korean restaurant|little seoul is found in the center of town and is in the expensive price range. could you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, please.|I will reserve that for you now.
Hello, are you still there?  You said that you would reserve it but never did anything, it has been 55 minutes.|Oh, I'm sorry about that.  Please excuse me.  What day would you like for the reservation to be made?
That's alright. I need my table to be booked on Sunday.|I need more information on the time for the booking.
We would like 18:45 on sunday for 6 people. I'll need a taxi to go between the two places by the booked time. Please provide contact number and car type.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : U9WFNBHE.  Which direction will you need the taxi for?
I'll need to go between the swimming pool and the restaurant.|Booking was successful.  The car will be a white Toyota and the contact number is 07225283033.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That was all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|If you are sure you do not need anything?
I'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Could you tell me where they are located?|It is in the east, postcode cb259aq,Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Anything else?
Hello, can you recommend any architecture that I could see in the Centre of town, please?|Definitely! All Saints Church is a great place to visit, and it's free!
Could I have the address and phone number?|Jesus lane and 01223452587. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the center of town please.|We have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse and university arms hotel, do you have an interest in either?
I would want something expensive that has free parking. Do either have those?|University Arms Hotel is both expensive and offers free parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Book for 2 people for 3 night starting Sunday.|Your stay at the University Arms Hotel has been booked for 3 nights starting Sunday, for 2 people. Your confirmation code is FU4Z3J7P.
Thank you, that will be all.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I need a taxi to come to gallery at twelve a high street by 4:00.|Ok, where do you need to go?
I want to the gallery at twelve high street.|I'm sorry, can you confirm if you're leaving from or going to Gallery at Twelve a High Street?
I am departing from the junction and going to gallery at twelve.|You'll be picked up at the junction, to gallery at twelve a high, by 4:00. Your auto is a grey skoda, contact number: 07355269466.
Okay thank you!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Ok, thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
I need a taxi departing from tang chinese.|Ok, what is your destination?
I need to get to Downing college.|Great. Now I will just need a time.
I need to arrive by 19:30|Alright. I have a white bmw and the contact number is 07454674026. Anything else?
No that is all I needed.|I'm sorry, I thought you wanted to leave at 19:30. You are booked for a yellow bmw with the contact number 07816577086 arriving at 19:30.
Great.  Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks.|Thank you goodbye
Where can I get some British food that isn't too cheap or expensive?|There are a total of 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Is there any particular location you are wanting such as the centre or west?
No, no particular location. What is the information for the first listing?|Restuarant one seven. The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223337766.
Great. Do you know of a high-end hotel I could stay at? It has to have free wifi.|The University Arms Hotel is an expensive place with free wifi, conveniently located very close to your restaurant. Would you like to book a room there?
I might be interested. First, is that a guesthouse style? I would love to stay in a guesthouse style with free parking!|Unfortunately no, it is not a guesthouse style lodging. There are none that fall into the expensive category, would you like me to search for something cheaper that is a guesthouse?
No, that's okay. Are there any hotels available in the moderate price range?|There are 12 guest houses that have free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. I would like a room for just me for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I'm sorry, all those guesthouses are book for that time frame, could you arrive another day or for a shorter stay?
Can we try 3 nights?|I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights. Your reference number is 25Y826UQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you help me reserve a taxi?|Sure, I can help you with that. Where is your departure site or destination? Perhaps you have a certain time in mind?
I'd like to go from the restaurant at 08:45 to the hotel. Can you let me know what kind of car and how to contact them?|Ok.  A grey lexus will pick you up at restaurant one seven at 08:45. The contact number is 07669997265.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's it.. thank you.|It is no problem. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre, we hope to see you again.
I need to find a hotel in the south please|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing a system error. Can you please restate your request?
Uh, I want to find a place to go in town.  I really want to look at some of the colleges.|Certainly. The town has many colleges to look at. Is there any particular area of the town you'd like to narrow it down to?
Not really.  Any college would be great.|How about Christ's College? It's located in the centre of town at Saint Andrew's Street.
That sounds great! What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bu. Anything else I can find for you?
Could you look up Don Pasquale Pizzeria for me? I'd like to know the postcode.|Certainly. The postcode is cb23nj.
Can I book a taxi from Christ's College to Don Pasquale Pizzeria?|Sure.  When will you need the taxi?
Actually I need to go from the restaurant to the college. I'd like to leave by 7:15.|A blue Volvo will pick you up at the pizzeria.  The contact number is 07889066606.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
Hello!  This is my first time to Cambridge, can you recommend a good, expensive restaurant in the centre?|Do you want British food?  If so, the Cambridge Chop House is popular.   You are in luck as there is a wide range of options.
Actually, I'm in the mood for Cantonese food. Are there any like that?|I don't have any Cantonese restaurants in the centre. I could try another cuisine or another area?
OK.  How about an expensive Japanese restaurant?  I'd like to treat myself!|There is one of those- it is called wagamama. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure. Book it for 4 people at 11:45 on a saturday.|Your table is reserved. The reference number is BS73EYWV.
What other local attractions are there to explore?|There are several. Vue Cinema is a popular attraction. Would you like the address?
No I would prefer a museum.|There are 11 found. how about the broughton house gallery?
What is the post code, address, and entree fee?|The postal code is cb11ln, address is 98 King Street, and the entrance is completely free.
That sounds good.  I also need to book a taxi to go from the Vue to the restaurant by my booked time.|I have booked you a black volvo. The contact number is 07018935922. How else may I assist you today?
Great, thanks for all of your help! You have been wonderful!|You're very welcome! Text us back anytime, and have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.|There are 2 restaurants in that area that serve cheap food, one that serves Italian food the other Vietnamese, are you interested in either of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of the Vietnamese one?|Of course! The phone number for Thanh Binh is 01223362456. How else may I help you?
I'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?|I am showing a wide selection for College Attractions.    To better assist me was there anything specific you were wanting to do, and was price a concern?
What areas of town are they in?|They're located in either the centre or the west.
Tell me about the ones in the west. And can I get the address for Thanh Binh?|The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is there a particular type of attraction that you would like to know more about?
No, I also need a taxi to get between the two place.|I would need to know what attraction you are looking at before being able to book a taxi.
Yes, it's going to be one of the college...I need a suggestion for that. I need to leave the attraction by 2:00 to go to the restaurant.|There are a couple of good colleges to visit in that area. Would you like to go to one that is free?
Sure, that sounds great.  I just need that taxi to take me from Thanh Binh to the college.|How does Churchill College sound? I can definitely reserve a taxi for you. What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to get to the college by 02:00.|It has been booked the car will be a yellow audi contact number 07021104597.
Okay great, that's all I needed today!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
I'm looking for fun things to do in the center of town.|There are 44 different attractions in the centre area, were you looking for an entertainment venue?
You choose for me. I just need the address and postcode.|There is the Holy Trinity Church. Their phone number is 01223355397. The post code is cb23nz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think a Church is a place to have fun in town. Could you find me a restaurant instead?|Sure. There are a total of 110 restaurants in town. Do you have any preferences that would narrow down the list?
Yes I am looking for one called peking restaurant. I'd like a reservation for 8 on Friday.|I found the listing for Peking restaurant in the south not the centre.  If this is acceptable what time can I put the 8 of you down for?
put me down for 12:30|STAUDCT0 is your confirmation number
I'll also need a cab from the church to the restaurant, please.|What time would you like to leave the church?
I want to leave with enough time to get to the restaurant at 12:30.  How long will the cab ride be?|I have booked a yellow toyota for you.  Their number is 07739750198.  I do not know how long the cab ride is, I apologize.
Thank you, it's fine.|Do you need anything else today?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service! Goodbye!
I'm going to be in centre Cambridge and am looking for something to do.  Suggestions?|Yes I have many options. You could visit architecture, a museum, the theater or the cinema. Which do you prefer? There are also a lot of famous colleges to see.
How about a college?|There are thirteen colleges in central Cambridge. Corpus Christi, for example, is located at King's Parade. Trinity College is located at Trinity Street. Would you like more information?
I would like to see more information about Corpus Christi.|Of course.  It is located in the town centre, on King's Parade.  The cost is 2 pounds and you can call them at 01223338000.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would like the postcode for Corpus Christi too.|The postcode is cb21rh. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would also like to book a place to stay, please.|We have many different hotels. Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse if possible.|Of course! Are you looking for a certain part of town? How about amenities?
I would like for it to have free wifi.|We do not have any located in Centre Cambridge.  We do have 14 locations in the area that offer moderate pricing and internet.  Is there a better area?
Any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. Pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on Saturday for 2 people, please.|I've booked you a room at the lovely Avalon (ref#3OK8ZQ7U). Can I help with anything else today?
Actually, yes.  Can you book a taxi leaving Corpus Christi College by 24:15?|Booking completed! Please look out for a Black Audi. The contact number is 07752731336. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. You've been a lot of help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
i am looking for a hotel in the south.|We have one place the lensfield hotel, would you like more information?
it should have a 4 stars rating|According to my records, there aren't any hotels that meet your requirements. Sorry! Would you like to try something else?
How about a guesthouse with 4 stars?|there is one cheap and one expensve. which one would you prefer?
Thank you! It does not matter to me.|aylesbray lodge guest house is moderate and in the south. would you like to book a room now?
Yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on Wednesday, and we'd like to stay 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PHDX0SZC. anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive Cuban place.|I'm sorry - we don't have any expensive cuban restaurants in the area. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Is there any cuban restaurants near the hotel in the moderate range?|No I apologize. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
Italian will be fine.|pizza hut cherry hinton is the only restaurant serving italian food in the south part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to book or more information
Could you book for my party at 15:15 on Wednesday?|For how many please ?
The reservation is for 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TP3B0YH5. Anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|No problem. I booked you a white bmw that will get you there by 15:15. The contact number is 07961694517.
Thank you so much for your help much appreciated.|welcome anytime you want to inquire
thank you very much|Thank you for trusting me to make the bookings for you.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.|There are 2 guesthouses and 3 hotels in the city centre, do you prefer one or the other, or are there any amenities that you'd like?
Yes, I would like it to have free wifi.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap.  Does that interest you?
Do they offer free wifi or free parking?|Yes to both.
Great. Please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Unfortunately that didn't work. Do you want to shorten your trip?
Sure, how about two nights?|I was able to book that hotel for you for 2 nights.  The reference number is 8LCNFKVO.
Thanks.  I'm also interested in going to the Chiquito restaurant bar.  Can you make a reservation there?|Sure what time and how many people?
For 5 people on Wednesday please. Could you also provide the reference number.|I will need a time before I can book.
It will be for 11:00 on the same day|I've booked it for you, your reference number is S7P7SXVN.
Could you also get me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?|A red ford car will arrive at 10:30 to pick you up at your hotel to take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07751377592.
Thank you for all of your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I am all set.  Good bye.|Glad to help. Goodbye!
I am going to be staying in north cambridge and need a hotel, I can pay for parking.|Ashley hotel is available.
Oh, I have heard of that.  Is in in the North part of town?  I am looking for a place in the moderate price range also.|Yes is it moderate and in the North side of town. Would you like to book there?
Sure, that seems fine.|Ok.  What day would you like to book for?
Before you book, I just want to make sure--does it have a 4 star rating?|No, it is a two star hotel. Could you recheck and restate your perimeters to me?
How many stars, area, and price.|It's in the north, moderately priced and has a 2 star rating.
No, I'm sorry, I should have specified. I need a 4 star place to stay.|I'm sorry. I don't have anything that matches your preferences.
Are you sure? I need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, and I don't need free parking.|Again nothing, I could search again but doubt that a new hotel was constructed there during the last couple minutes.  Are you open to a guesthouse or different area?
I'm definitely open to a guesthouse.|do you need free internet?
Doesn't matter if it does to me.|We do have some. The acorn guest house is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
Well I would just need the postcode. Sorry for all the confusion !|The acorn guest house postcode is cb41da.
Thanks. Are there any cinemas around the guest house?|No there is not. Would you like me to check in a different area?
What about something to do with boats?|There is riverboat georgina would you like the address and phone number? The entrance fee isn't listed.
Great, I will also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 20:15. I will need the car type and contact number.|Okay I have booked you a taxi and your contact number is 07925606670 and they will be driving a black Toyota.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, you too.
I need a place  to stay in the north that includes free parking. What options are available?|I can help you with that.  Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced offering with 4-stars.  Is this something you would be interested in?
Yes, that is perfect thank you.|Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.|Here is the acorn guest house phone number in case you would like to contact them. Their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No. That is all for now.|Okay, have a great day!
Thank you, have a great day, as well.|Okay great, farewell!
i'm looking for good turkish food, and price is no object.|I have found three restaurants for you all in the center of town. The expensive restaurant is Meze Bar Restaurant. Do you want their address?
That's great. I'd like to book a table.|When would you like to dine and on what day and for how many people?
I think I will just take their address instead.|Meze Bar Restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else I can help you with or can I reserve you a table?
Thanks for the address. Can you find me a 2-star hotel in the same price range--expensive?|Express by holiday inn Cambridge is an expensive, two-star hotel. Do you want me to book the hotel?
Does it have free parking?|The Express by Holiday Inn offers parking, however I don't know if it's free.
Okay can you tell me what the postcode is for that?|The postcode is cb13lh. Will that be all for you?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. Can you please assist?|Which site will  you be departing from?
I need to leave the hotel by 09:45.|A black skoda is booked for you. The contact number is 07215076304. Anything else?
Thank you for your help.|Thank you and have a good time in our lovely city!
could you provide some information about the colleges you have in town?|Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
It does not matter.|christ's college is a beautiful college. You would love it !
Great, may I please have the address?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Their address is saint andrew's street
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive  book a table for 1 people at 14:30 on saturday|We have 14 places with all kind of food type, any preference?
Hm, I guess a chinese place would be good.|I'm sorry but I have no Chinese in this area. Could we try another area or type of food?
Indian food sounds good as well, how about that? The area and price must stay the same. Really anything is fine I don't care.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive Italian restaurants in the area either. How about a cheaper option?
Well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. Book it for 1 person for Saturday at 14:30.|Done! I have booked you a table at Travellers Rest, which will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 86LRTWFF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07328070350
Thanks.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Bye, have a good time.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.|Absolutely. What price range are you looking for?
I don't really care.|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an italian restaurant in the centre area. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please, four people on tuesday at 18:00|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DL0PXR9G. May I help with anything else ?
Can you tell me if you happen to have any nightclubs in town?|yes we have 5 all in the centre of town.
Great.  Can I get the information about one of them?|Sure the Ballare costs 5 pounds to get in and is located in the center at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard.
What is the postcode for that one?|The postcode for the Ballare is cb23na. Would you like any other information?
I also need a taxi.|For the reservation of the taxi, can you tell me your pickup and drop off locations?
Yes Ely to Cambridge please. Thanks|You want a train from Ely to Cambridge, is this right? I also need a travel date and departure or arrival time.
I'm sorry, there's someone talking here and getting me turned around. I'd like a taxi from the nightclub to the restaurant, early enough to make my reservation.|i have booked a yellow volvo with contact 07259480629
that is it for today thanks.|You are welcome. Have a marvelous time in Cambridge. Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay in the north of town.|Sure, there are several guesthouses and a few hotels.  Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for a moderately priced place in the north side of town.|Do you need wifi or parking?
Yes, I'd like both free wifi and parking.|I have lots of options what price range?
i already told you. moderately priced.|The Archway House is a guesthouse that meets your criteria. It has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights starting monday.|I can make a reservation for you. Will you need anything else? How about a nice restaurant?
I need a reservation for Archway House, did you make it? I need the reference number, please.|I am sorry but my system is down at the moment so I cannot book it.  Here is the their phone # 01223575314 or we can try again later.
Do you know any other hotels that fit my criteria which you could contact at the moment?|I am unable  to find something else at this time, sorry.
Do you have any other suggestions?|Thank you for your patience, I was able to get the booking to go through this time.  The reference number is 29IYANNC
Is there any attraction in town near where I am staying?|There are a couple of swimming pools and a park near the guesthouse.
How much is the entrance fee?|I don't have entrance fee info for most of the attractions, but I do know that the Milton Country Park is free.
I am also going to need a ride between the two places please.|OK, where to and from and what time?
Archway House to Milton Country Park by 15 00|I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07362020310
Thank you so much!|You are welcome. Do you need further help with restaurants or trains?
No, all my questions were answered. Thank you much. Goodbye.|I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
Book me a taxi to come by 19:30 to take me to ADC Theatre.|I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from pizza express fen ditton|You're all set. A red audi will pick you up and the contact number, should you need it, is 07397899345. Can I help with anything else?
No that's everything. Thanks!|You're welcome! I'm happy I could help.
Hi, I want a place to eat in the town centre.|Is there a specific price range or type of food you would like?
expensive and european food please ?|I would recommend Eraina, located on Free Lane City Centre.
Yes, I would like that choice. Can you book me a table for 5 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 65F65VJP.
Can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the bridge guest house?|I'd be happy to. It is a 3 star, moderate price range guesthouse located in the south part of town. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Sorry, which day was that for?
Saturday, please. Sorry, I don't know how I forgot that information!|Done! Your reference number is E8KMB5OZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi between the two places in time for the restaurant reservation.  (Though, oddly enough, you didn't even ask about that when you made the rez..)|Yes that is odd. What time did you need that booked for? It looks like it was booked with no day or time..
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time|what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave at 16:00 to ensure I make the restaurant on time.  Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07228054313
Can you please confirm that the restaurant is booked for Saturday at 17:00?|The booking was already done.
Okay, I'm all set then. Thank you so much.|You are most welcome. Have a great day.
Can you find me a moderately priced chinese restaurant please|Certainly! There are 4; 3 in city centre, and 1 in the north. Do either of these areas look good?
Yes, the one in the north does.|I have the golden wok phone 01223350688 postcode cb43hl.  It is located in the north and a moderate price. Should I book this for you?
Yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YI8BKDR2. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes are there any parks in the same area as the restaurant?|Yes there is 1 park in the same area. It is Milton County Park. WOuld you like more information?
Yes could I please get the phone number.|Phone is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would like a taxi to go from the two places and make sure it arrives to the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay, I've got you booked with a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the taxi company's contact phone number?|Their number is 07607417770, is there anything else I can do?
That is everything, thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called jesus green outdoor pool, please?|It's a swimming pool in the North. Phone # is 01223302579 and it's between victoria road and the river. Anything else I can help you with?
That is the full address that you mentioned?|Sure.  The address showing is between victoria road and the river.  Again, their phone number is 0122330257.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes I'd like some info on a place to eat in the centre.|There are many to choose from! Did you have a type of food or price range in mind? I like Shanghai Family Restaurant, myself. It's a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant.
I'd like an expensive world food restaurant.|I am not showing an expensive world restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to try other areas?
How about one that serves gastropub food instead?|I have two places in the Centre fitting that criteria.
Is it expensive?|Yes, both of the gastropubs in the center of town are expensive. I recommend the BackStreet Bistro.
That sounds good.  Can you book it for 4 at 12:15 on Friday, please?|I was able to book it reference number is T2VZ7MJU
Great!  I also need a taxi to commute between the swimming pool and the restaurant, please.|You are welcome! Please call us back if you need anything further.
I would like to book a hotel.|There are 33 hotels to pick from, what type of hotel do you prefer and what area would you like to stay in?
The hotel should be rated 2 stars and should include frees parking.|I have two hotel meeting those criteria in the north and one in the east. Any preference?
should be in the expensive price range.|No problem. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the east. Phone 01223866800. Address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park cb13lh.
Can you book it for 2 people we can staying for 5 nights starting Monday?|You are booked.  Reference KCC745Y7.  You will have a great time I'm sure.  Anything else I can do for you?
No that takes care of it thank you|Before I let you go, do you need info on a restaurant, an attraction or travel arrangements?
Well, I supposed you could help me to find a place to go in town.|I sure can!  What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter. I am looking for a place to go in the West, please.|My recommendation is the Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 Magdalene Street. Admission is free.
Can you also find me a taxi?|Certainly.  Where do you want to depart from and at what time?
I need to get from the gallery to the hotel. I want to leave the gallery at 14:30.|No problem.  I was able to book a taxi for you.  It will be a red skoda and the contact number is  07170717673.  Is there anything else?
Thank you! That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for the adc theatre.|The ADC Theatre is located in the center of town, on Park Street. Would you like their phone number?
Sure, and may I have their exact address please?|Park Street, post code cb58as. Anything else?
I am also looking to stay in a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|In what area would you like it?
I don't care about the area but I would like to make sure it is a hotel.|The University Arms Hotel in the centre is very nice, or a more budget-friendly option is The Cambridge Belfry in the west. Would you like to book a room at one?
i want one that has a 4 star rating.|Both of them are 4 star hotels. The Cambridge Belfy has a cheap price range. The University Arms Hotel has an expensive price range. What is your preference?
Lets try Cambridge Belfy and book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: PLVGFKHD.
I want to book a taxi as well to leave my hotel at 21:15.|You have a red Volkswagen taxi with contact number 07430238661 bringing you from the hotel to adc theatre. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Okay have a good day!
I am visiting Cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet.|I have 17 entries that meet your needs. Can you tell me what area of town you wish to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north|There are 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? They're a 4 star guesthouse with free Internet and parking.
ok, that's fine. i want to book a room there.|What day do you need booked for and how many days will you be staying?
I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on saturday.|Great! How many people will be staying?
I need it for 2 people.|I have made the reservations for you the reference number is 2KS3IN63.
Great. I also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. Preferably an architecture attraction that I can visit nearby.|I'm not finding any architecture attractions in the north. Would you like a different type of attraction?
How about a swimmingpool?|How about jesus green outdoor pool? I hear it's lovely
May I have the phone number and postcode ?|post code cb43px, and you can call them at 01223302579.  Do you need further information?
Yes, I am going to need a ride there. Can you help me reserve a taxi?|Definitely I have arranged a Red Tesla to pick you up at 2:00. The contact number is 07682046722. Does that work for you?
It does Thank You have a good day.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great time.
Can you recommend a restaurant in the center of Cambridge that has moderate prices?|Sure thing but first can you tell me what kind of food you like?
I would like Italian food.|Pizza Express in the centre, would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the post code for now.|cb21db. Is there anything else?
Yes,  I would like some places to visit while I'm in town. Perhaps something in the same area as the restaurant.|May I suggest the Castle Galleries, it's a museum also in the centre area. Admission is free.
Can I get their phone number please?|There number is 01223307402
I also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. I plan on leaving the restaurant by 14:00.|How many people in the taxi?
It is just me by myself|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Skoda and their contact number is 07842186730.
Thanks so much! That is all I need. Have a good day!|Thank you have a great day!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve swiss food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Swiss restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
No, thank you. That's disappointing.|Are you sure? We have many fine restaurants in town!
On second thought, how about a restaurant that serves british cuisine?|There are 3 restaurants on the west side that serve British food. Do you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
Expensive, please, we're splashing out for my mother's birthday.|I've heard good things about Grafitti at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes for 5 at 16:00 on Monday.|Your reservation for a party of 5 at graffiti this monday at 16:00 was successful. Your Reference number is : YV3OG0N3.
Great!  Also, I'm looking for a place called the soul tree nightclub.  I need to get their phone number.|Soul Tree nightclub number is 01223477900. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed thank you.|Okay great! Have a great day!
I would like to find a place with a swimmingpool in the north area of town.|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool matches your criteria. Will this suffice?
Yeah, what is the entrance fee for that?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel as well?|There are three 4-star hotels in town. Would you prefer the west or centre of town?
I want to stay in the north near the swimming pool. I'd like it to be a hotel and 4 stars with free wifi.|I'm afraid there isn't a hotel in the north end that meets your requirements. Perhaps a guesthouse instead? There's the acorn guest house there that does.
A guesthouse would be fine as long as it has free wifi.|The acorn guest house does have internet, I am not sure if that includes wifi.  Would you like me to book you a room there?
Can you tell me if they provide free parking?|The Acorn Guest House does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I would like to know their price range and address.|The acorn guesthouse is in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. Their address is 154 chesterton road, post code cb41da, and phone number: 01223353888.
Thanks for all the information!|You're very welcome. Have a good day!
I need to book a taxi. I need it to arrive by 19:15 to go to park side pools.|Okay, could you tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to depart from A and B Guest House.|I have your taxi scheduled.  The car type is a black Volkswagen, contact number 07057340221. How else can I help you?
That's all the help I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me get to ely train station by 12:00?|Yes.  Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from eraina|Okay. I have a black audi and the contact number is 07356404697. Is there anything else you need?
No thanks, that's all for now.|I'm glad I could help.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.|There are two options, Ashley hotel and Lovell lodge, both are two stars and moderately pricing, would you like me to check for bookings?
Are either of those in the north? it should have free parking too|They are both in the north, and have free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation at either of them?
Do either have free parking?|They both offer parking.
Is either one a guesthouse?|I am sorry but they are both hotels. Would you like a reservation?
May I have you check one more time to make sure there are not any moderate priced guesthouses in the north that include parking. I'd much rather stay in a guesthouse.|There must have been a glitch in my system. I am showing 7 moderately priced guesthouses in the north that have free parking. Are there any other amenities you require?
Can you please recommend one and book me a room for 6.|I would recommend Acorn Guest House. What day will you be arriving and how many nights would you like to stay?
it will be for wednesday for 6 people, 4 nights.|Okay, I have that booked for you. Reference number is WZYCQL4O
I need a place to dine as well, chinese food same area as the hotel.|Any price range preferred?
Same general price range as the hotel please.|I recommend the Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton.  Can I reserve a table for you?
No thanks, what's the postcode though?|The post code is cb43hl. Can I get you any other information?
Yes can you help with a taxi?|Certainly.  What will be you departure and arrival sites and times?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 19:15. I will need the contact number and car type as well.|I have you riding fancy in a blue honda, you can reach them at 07390748168. How else can I help?
.
That was all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?|I am sorry there are no 1 star hotels in any area,can I get a price range and area please?
Let me think about that. What are some good local restaurants?|There are over 100 restaurants in the city. Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
No, I don't. Surprise me!|Sure! Bedouin is african food located in the centre. Would that do?
Let me think about that. Can you help me book a 4 star hotel?|Yes I found 4 star hotel,do you want me to make reservation?
Do they have internet access and can you tell me their price range and postcode?|Yes, the University Arms Hotel has internet access. It is expensive, and its postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the cheap price range.|May I recommend the gandhi in the centre? It fits your criteria.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 5 at 12 on Thursday?|I'm sorry, they don't have tables available. Would you like to try another day or time?
Is there another restaurant in the area?|Kohinoor is in the centre and serves Indian food. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to reserve a table for 5 on Thursday at 12:00.|I'm sorry they are booked would you like to try another time?
Are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on Thursday at 12:00 in the centre? Would you double check that for me again?|I was able to book kohinoor, reference number is T8TBNX3R.
I would like to get a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.|What time would you like me to schedule the taxi for?
Arrival by the booked time at the restaurant.|Ok your all set! A yellow BMW will be picking you up a few minutes before your reservation at the restaurant. Contact number is 07785034458. Anything else?
No that will be all thank you|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves south indian food.|I am sorry there are no restaurants in the are that match that description.
What kind of moderately-priced restaurants are there in the center of town, then?|We've got 21 moderately-priced restaurants in the centre. There are Asian Oriental, British, Chinese, European, Gastropub, International, Italian, Lebanese, Modern European, Spanish, and Turkish options. Do any of those interest you?
Good. I would like to try Asian Oriental then.|The Yippee noodle bar meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks.  How about a moderately priced modern European restaurant?|Hotel Du Vin and Bistro serves European food and is moderately priced. Does this sound good to you?
Yes, thank you. Will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on Saturday at 15:15 and provide me with the reference number?|Sure thing! Your table is booked, and your reference number is SQ8N4IJX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, could you find a hotel that offers free wifi in the same part of town as the restaurant?|There are 5 options that fit your criteria.  Do you have a price range in mind or any other specifications?
No. I just need it to be for three people, for three nights.|I am showing a total of five results that match your criteria.  May I suggest the four star Alexander Bed and Breakfast, located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Actually, I need it to be a hotel, not a bed and breakfast.|What about the Gonville Hotel? It is an expensive hotel in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 3 people on saturday?|Your booking is complete, reference number is AEDKGYBD. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a taxi that arrives at the booked time of the restaurant.|Alright, I have a cab booked for you from the Gonville Hotel arriving at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro by 15:15. Anything else I can do for you?
Could I please get the car type and contact number of the taxi?|The car is a black audi and the contact number is 07306125704. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all. You have been very helpful.|It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
Hi, I need to get a taxi out of kohinoor.|And when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 07:45.|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I am going to allenbell|Your booking is complete, a black toyota will pick you up.  The contact number is 07768938666.
Thats perfect that you for your help|You're welcome. Do you have any other concerns?
I don't. I appreciate your help. Goodbye for now.|OK, I'm glad I was able to assist you. If there ever is anything else don't hesitate to contact us.
Yes, I am hoping to find some information about Cambridge for an upcoming visit.|I can help you with that! What area of information are you looking to find?
I want to visit Pembroke College. Can you tell me the phone number and what type of attraction it is?|Sure, I'd be happy to provide that information to you. The phone number is 01223338100 and it is a college type of attraction.  Anything else you need today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town in the moderate price range.|I have 3 choices for you. The first serves british food, the second serves indian cuisine, and the third is an italian place. Which would you prefer?
Italian sounds good. Could I have the postcode and name of that restaurant?|Sure! The post code is cb30af and it's called Prezzo.
Perfect, I also need to book a taxi to leave by 09:45 please.|Okay, no problem, I'd just need to get where you're going, and where you'd like to be picked up.
I want to go from the restaurant Prezzo by 9:45 to Pembroke college.|I have that set for you.  You will be picked up by a black BMW and the contact number is 07569312325.
Good, that works for me.|Is there anything else you need?
No, that is it. Thank you, goodbye.|you are welcome. it has been a pleasure talking to you.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge city centre.|There are many moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes I am interested in British food.|There are four great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend the copper kettle located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
What is the phone number and postcode there?|You can reach The Copper Kettle at 01223365068. Their postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I am looking for something to do in the centre area of town. I was thinking maybe a nightclub.|There are 5 nighclubs in the Centre. May I suggest The Fez Club?
That sounds great, can I please get the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is  01223519224 and postcode is cb23hx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll also need a taxi. It should leave The Fez by 1:00. Please include the contact number and car type.|Where are you going? I can help you book a taxi once you give me your destination
I'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. I need to leave the nightclub by 1:00.|I have booked that taxi look for a yellow honda. The contact number is 07354152897.
Have a nice day.|Have a nice day.
I need a taxi to arrive by 09:45|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
The pickup location will be finches bed and breakfast|Ok, I will also need your destination for booking purposes.
I will be traveling to sidney sussex college today.|Do you have a time you would like to leave by?
Is 9:00 good? Do you think forty-five minutes is enough time to get to the college?|Yes, the taxi will pick you up at 9:00. It is a yellow lexus.
Great.  Can I get a contact number?|Of course, the contact number is 07336173784. Is there anything else you need?
That's all thanks|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need to book a taxi from warkworth house.|I will need a little more information before I can book it. What is your destination and what time do you want to depart/arrive?
i want to go to rosa's bed and breakfast and would like to arrive by 3|I have booked you a taxi from Warkworth house to Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. You will arrive by 3. The taxi is a blue skoda. Contact number: 07517822602
Thank you for your help today.|Certainly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need, thanks. Bye bye!|You're welcome. It was a pleasure to help. Please contact us again. Goodbye.
I would like to book a taxi that will depart from Rice Boat and should leave at 9:30.|What is your destination?
The taxi should go to parkside pools.|Your taxi is a Grey Toyota. The Contact number is 07725254029.
Thank you, goodbye!|enjoy your day!
I'm looking for information on the People's Portrait Exhibition at Girton College.|The people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information about it?
Yes please. You said it was free, correct?|Yes that is correct it is FREE to enter the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College.
Ok thanks I also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a guesthouse, can you help me?|I have 6 different options. Do you have a preference for the price range?
I prefer to stay somewhere in the cheap price range, and it should include free parking.|I have 3 options left. I have the Allenbell, the Autumn House and the Leverton House. All offer free parking and free internet. Which would you prefer?
Pick one for me. I need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Ok, I booked you at the allenbell. The reference number is KLNF2GX0.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 22:30.|I have booked you a taxi leaving the attraction at 22:30 for the allenbell. It's a red ford, and your contact number is 07249911118. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. You've been great!|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Can you tell me if there are any museums in the west part of town?|There are 7 museums in the west part of town. All but one are free to enter. Do you have any further criteria?
It needs to be in the west.|Would you like to visit cafe jello gallery? It is in the west with free entrance.
Sure thing, may I have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223312112
I also need a seafood restaurant that is in that same area|Sorry, looks like there are no restaurants in the area with those requirements.
How about an expensive restaurant in the west serving European food?|The Cambridge lodge restaurant fits all your criteria. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like reservations for four for seven o'clock tomorrow evening.|I'm sorry that booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time or another day?
Actually can I get reservations for 7 at 20:00 on Friday?|No problem. I have you booked on Friday at 20:00 for 7. Anything else I can help you with?
Could I get the reference number for that booking please.|Your reference number for the restaurant reservation is QT2C8PNF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like a taxi to take me to the restaurant by my reservation time.|Will you be heading to the restaurant directly from Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, please. Do you have their phone number?|Booking for your taxi was successful. The contact number is 07760432022 and the care will be a white volvo.
Thank you very much. That's all I'll need today!|Ok then. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderate price hotel in the north part of town.|I found 11 moderately priced hotels on the north side.  Is there a star rating you would prefer?  What about parking or internet?
I don't care about star rating so much, but it the hotel needs to include free wifi.|There are 10 hotels which match your requirements. Do you need parking?
Yes I need parking.|How about the acorn guest house? It has parking and wifi.
That will work. What is the phone number, address, and star rating for the hotel?|Sure, the phone number is 01223353888, the address is 154 Chesterton Road, and it has a 4 star rating.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel can you help me out?|How about the the nirala? They are moderate price range and are in the north.
Is there one that serves fusion food and if they don't, is there any that serve indian food?|I don't have fusion, but the nirala serves indian food in the north area, and is moderate priced.
That sounds good. I need a table for two at 16:00 on Thursday.|Okay, I have that booked for you, Thursday at 16:00 for two people. Here is your reference number: W7R9KEYJ. They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. Can you also help me find a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to my hotel?|I have booked a black honda for you that will arrive at 18:00. Please call 07851425026 if you need to adjust the pick up time. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I actually need to arrive by 16:00 at the restaurant so the 18:00 will not work.|Do you want to go from the restaurant to the hotel, or from the hotel to the restaurant? Your restaurant reservation is at 16:00.
From the hotel to the restaurant, please.|I have booked you a grey BMW from Acorn Guesthouse to Nirala in time for your reservation at 16:00.  Contact number is 00273193767.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great thank you very much that's all the info I need.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
I'd like to find a restaurant that offers Asian Oriental cuisine, in the centre, if possible.|Definitely! I have places from cheap to expensive, though my favorite is Yippee Noodle Bar, which is moderately-priced.
I would like Yippee.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for you.  What day/time will you be dining, and how many are in your party?
Monday, 19:00, for 6 people.|I have successfully reserved a table for your party of 6 at the Yippee Noodle Bar for Monday at 19:00. Your reference number is XSQHK9YG
Great, I also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.|Sure. We have several places ready to book. Which part of town would you like?
The west please.|There are 4 in that area do you have a price range or type of hotel you prefer?
The hotel doesn't need to include internet. It should be in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 different options for you. They vary in price range. Did you have a certain price range in mind?
The price does not matter.   Please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|OK, you are booked in Cityroomz as requested, the reference number is A1ZBLCZ3, any further questions?
no and thank you for your help|Ok, have a great day!
I'd like a taxi that leaves from yippee noodle bar and leaves after 11:30.|I would be happy to book your taxi but I will need your destination and preferred arrival time as well.
I would like to go to Ballare please.|I was able to book that for you. The car will be a red toyota and the contact number is 07404635448.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.|Thank you very much. Goodbye.
I want a taxi to come to The Junction to take me to Kambar.|I would be happy to book that for you, what time would you like to arrive?
At 3:30 pm|You've been booked. Expect a blue Volkswagen to get you to kambar by 3:30. Their contact number is 07466224734. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!|You are most welcome!
Have a great night! Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for information about a hotel in Cambridge called Warkworth House.|Sure, Warkworth house is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the east that offers free wifi and parking. Do you need additional info?
Can you provide me with their phone number please?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I am looking for places to go while I'm there.  Perhaps a nightclub?|There are 6 nightclubs around town. Most are in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest the Ballare. They are on Heidelberg Garden, Lion Yard.
That sounds great! Thank you for the information.|Do you need anything else today?
I need a cab to commute between both places and I want to leave the hotel by 18:45, I also need the contact # & car type|Okay I will work on getting that for you and be back in a moment.
Great, thank you.|Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow lexus Contact number	:	07550893023
Can I help with anything else?
No thats it have a nice day !|You have a nice day. This is the end.
I'm looking for specific restaurant.|Do you know the name of this restaurant?
The Hakka restaurant is located at 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire CB4 1JY.  The average cost is approximately 30 per person.|Looks like you're doing my job for me! Did you want to know about the Hakka Restaurant then?
Maybe.  Anyway.  I also need a place to stay in the south area.|I found a 4 star moderately priced aylesbray lodge guest house located in the south. Would you like me to book reservations.
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free wifi.|What is your price range?
My price range is moderate.|Fourteen good choices for you, what part of town would you prefer?
North area please.|that narrows it down to 8 options. any other preferences?
No, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 4 nights starting on Tuesday, if possible.|The Acorn guesthouse come highly recommended, shall I book a room for you there?
Yes, I need a booking for this tuesday please.|Great, I have booked a room at this hotel to your required specifications. Your booking was successful and your reference number is 468MRI75.
I would also like some Italian food in the area.|I'll be happy to help with that!  Da Vinci Pizzeria is located in the same area as the hotel.  Would you like to book a table?
I would like to be able to leave the restaurant by 13:00, can you book a table that allows us the time needed to eat.  I also need the address for the restaurant.|Do you want the reservations for 6 people on Tuesday? Also, does 11:30 sound good?
A reservation isn't necessary. Instead, please find me a taxi to get me there.|Where will the taxi be picking you up?
I want to leave the restaurant by 13:00 to go back to the hotel.|Great. I have booked your ride. The driver will be in a grey Honda. The contact number is 07036773772.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?|The cambridge belfry fits the bill, would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?|Yes, they do have free parking and they have 4 stars.
Did you have something that fits with 3 stars?|I hovw no listing for a 3 star hotel,would you like too try another area ?
What about a 4 star hotel?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range and is on the west side. They offer free Wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.|I am unable to book for Tuesday.
I would like to book for Thursday, not Tuesday.|I am sorry, I can't make that reservation either.
Is Monday available?|As it turns out, Thursday just opened up. I was able to book it for you, here is your reference number, UGU8T7UB.
Thanks!  Can you also help me find a college to visit in town?|There are 18 options.  Was there a part of town you would like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me?|I would recommend christ's college in Saint Andrew's street in the centre of town.
What is the entrance fee and postcode there?|Entry is free. The postcode is cb23bu. May I help with anything else?
Thank you so much. Good bye|Okay, goodbye and enjoy your time in town
I need to find a vietnamese restaurant in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches those criteria.  Is there something else I can find for you?
Can you try chinese?|I have four choices for Chinese restaurants. Three are in the center of town and one is in the north. Any preference?
I'm a pathological liar. I don't want Chinese. I actually want British food.|All righty, then. We have five moderately priced British restaurants. I'm almost afraid to ask, but does location matter?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.|There are 4 options for british food in the centre. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle and cotto. Do any of those sound good to you?
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on tuesday and get me the reference number|The oak bistro. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TMOV7WRE.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay.|Okay, what requirements do you have for a place to stay?
I would like a three star hotel.  I'm trying to unplug on this trip, so free internet isn't necessary.|Alpha milton guesthouse in the north is three stars with no internet, are you open to a guesthouse or is a hotel preferred?
I would prefer a hotel, in the moderate price rage. It should be 3 stars.|I apologize, but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Are you open to a different star rating or price range?
Yes, could you make a suggestion maybe?|The Ashley Hotel is moderately-priced and 2-stars. Would that be OK?
Actually, I am open to a guest house. Can you check to see if there is a 3-star guesthouse in the moderate range?|There are 4 guesthouses with a 3 star rating. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town? There are choices in the north, south, and west.
Since none of them seem to be close to the restaurant, can you suggest one for me?|i recommend hobsons house in the west. can i give you the address?
Could you book it for me?  I need it for 3 people for 3 days.|I have you booked for 3 people, 3 days starting on tuesday, reference number is YB9WDND7, any other questions?
I also need a taxi that arrives at the booked time.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know what your destination is.
yeah i want to get tp the restaurant at the time you booked it for me|I just need to confirm, will you be leaving from the hotel?
Yes, my pick-up point will be the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant by 17:45. Can you book the taxi for me, please?|Your taxi reservation  has been booked. The car type is Black Ford and the contact number is 07375823066. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Have a great day. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge
I need a taxi to arrive at the hotspot by 05:15. I need to leave from the junction. I also need the contact number and car type.|A grey audi will pick you up, and the contact number is 07899518276. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all thanks.|Thank you, let us know if we can help anymore.
I need a restaurant in the Cambridge area that serves international food and is moderately priced.|the varsity restaurant is a really good choice. Want a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.,|Okay, anything else I can help with?
Is that restaurant in the centre area and could I get the postcode please?|Yes it is located in th center and their postcode is cb23ar
i also need a place to stay|Is there a specific part of town that you are wanting to stay?
No particular area, just one that has free wifi and parking and has 3 stars.|There are five that meet your criteria. A guesthouse and hotel in the south, a hotel in centre, a guest house in north, and another guesthouse in west.
Why don't you recommend one of the hotels?|I recommend gonville hotel. Do you want a booking?
I don't need a booking, but can you please inform me of the area, type, and phone number for it?|The are is centre, the price range is expensive and the phone number is 01223366611.
Great! I also will need a taxi between the two places.|Where will you be departing from?
I would like to be picked up from the gonville hotel by 21:00 please.|Your booking was successful, a blue tesla will be picking you up and the contact number is 07361030196, anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I don't need anything else! Goodbye!|You're welcome. Good bye
I want to visit some colleges.|Yes, there are 18 colleges. Do you have any particular area in mind?
I would like it to be in the South.|I am sorry there are none in the south. Would you like to try another area instead?
How about just try looking for any cinemas in the south?|We have Cineworld Cinema in the South area.
That sounds great! Can I have their address and phone number, please?|00872208000 is the phone number. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thanks, I need some info in lovell lodge, specifically price range, address and whether parking is included.|Lovell Lodge is located at 365 milton road. The pricing is moderately priced, but the parking is free.
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.|Okay, which location would you like to be picked up at, and at what time?
the hotel at 23.30 get me the contact number and car type|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07369509134
anything else i can help you with?
Hi I am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the west part of Cambridge.|There are two places matching your requests, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Which do you prefer?
Which one has free parking?|It looks like they both do. Do you have a preference for guesthouse or hotel?
Do both also have free wifi? If so, can you book the guest house.|Absolutely, Finches Bed and Breakfast it is. What day would you like me to book you for? How large is your party? How long is your stay?
What is the star rating of the hotel?|Finches is rated 4 stars. Please provide me with information regarding your reservation and I would be happy to take care of booking the hotel for you.
I am also looking for a Pizza Hut.|There are three Pizza Hut's locations listed: Fen Ditton, City Centre, and Cherry Hinton. Are you interested in one of these?
I need the address, type of food, and price range for the Fen Ditton location, please.|The Pizza Hut is located in Fen Ditton in the Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. It serves Italian food at a moderate price. Should I book a table for you?
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places please.|what time do you want to depart from finches?
I'd like to leave by 22:15, please.|OK, I have a white toyota picking you up at Finches at 22:15 and traveling to the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Contact number is 07655072535.
That's incorrect. I need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:15 and takes me back to the hotel.|Okay. No problem. I have corrected that for you. I have booked you into a white Volvo with a contact number of 07064227120. They will pick you up at 22:15.
Okay wonderful. Thanks for all your help.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any future concerns. Have a nice day.
I'm visiting cambridge, I want to spoil myself, I am looking for a four star place to stay which is expensive.|Sure, I can help you with that.  There are two places.  One is in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
It doesn't really matter what area. But, I really prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Do you have any?|I have two options, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel or the University Arms Hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
We were wanting to have free wifi. Do either of them provide that?|Both of these two offer free wifi, The Marriott is in the Hinchinbrook Business Park, while the University Arms is on Regent Street downtown.
I would like to book the University Arms for five nights. Could you do that for me?|I can! When would you like the booking to start? And how many in your party?
2 people and 5 nights starting on teusday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : F063DE8D
I am looking for a place to dine|Okay, do you have a food, price range, or area preference?
It should be in the north and it should be expensive.|We have asian oriental, 2 chinese, a european and french to choose from, any preferences?
A French restaurant is fine.  Can you make a recommendation?|Yes, I recommend Restaurant Two Two at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. The reservation will need to be for Tuesday, 2 people, and we'd like to dine at 15:15.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 928SYN1A. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to get there by 15:15.|Thank you.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find an Italian restaurant in the city center?|Sure. What is your price range?
My price range is expensive.|I recommend booking a table at Caffe Uno. You'll love their homemade pasta!
That's great. Can you send me the phone number and postcode for Caffe Uno?|i'm sorry. i cannot find details for caffe uno.
I am actually looking for an Italian place. In the centre.|The caffe uno's phone number is 01223448620 and the postcode is cb21uj. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for info on museum of classical archaeology|It's a free museum on Sidgwick Avenue in the west part of town.  Lots of interesting things there.
Great! I also need a taxi to get there. I want to leave Caffe Uno at 12:30. Can you give me the contact number & car type for the taxi?|In order to reserve your taxi, may I please have your destination?
I need to commute between the two places you looked up.|I have booked your car. It is a blue Ford car, and the contact number for the booking is 07881357778.
Thank you that's all the help I need today.|Great - have a wonderful day!
I want to visit a college in Cambridge. Can you help me find some?|There are eighteen college in cambrdige, any area preference?
I don't have any preference as long as it's in town.|May I suggest Christ's College in the centre?
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can you give the entrance fee and postcode for that location? Thanks|It is free to visit and is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please provide the phone number.|The phone number is 01223334900.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I was told about a  restaurant called the midsummer house. Can you help me find that?|Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Get me a table for 2 on Tuesday at 13:45|Yes I was able to book this for you and your reference number is YBD13ZLT.
Great I also need a taxi between the two locations that will get to the restaurant at 13:45|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a white Toyota. Their phone number is 07740192551.
Cool thanks so much!|What else can I do for you?
I think I got everything I need. Have a nice day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i want to book a taxi.|Where would you like to be picked up from, and what is your destination?
I am going to camboats, from little saint mary's church.|What time would you like to get there?
I need to arrive by 13:15 please?|Ok, I book a black volkswagen for you.  The contact number is 07746689138.
Great, thanks so much for your help.|You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all for now. Thank you|I'm glad I was able to assist you! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Portuguese food.|There are two in Cambridge. One in the south and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
It does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at 12:00. Could I get a reference number?|Sure, i have booked Nandos sunday 12:00 for 4. May I help with anything else?
I still need the reference number.|Yes of course!  I do apologize.  The Reference number is : 29D8WR58. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. Do you know anything about a place called Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway?|It's a free park in the south. Would you like more details?
What is the full address for that park?|The address is fen causeway, newnham road. What else can I do for you?
What is their entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
I also need a taxi from the park to Nandos.  Want to get there  by 12:00.  thanks|I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07413433001. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be everything. Thanks!|No, thank you for being a great customer! Good bye.
Hello, I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need some help finding places to go in town when I get there.|Sure, we have much to offer. Did you have anything specific in town?
I'm looking for a theatre.|There are 4 in the city centre and one in the south - do you prefer one area over the other?
Can you give me the address to the one in the south please?|It is called The Junction. It is located on Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, do you have information on the cambridge belfry?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range with internet and parking.
What is the address of the Cambridge Belfry, please?|The address is back lane, cambourne in cb236bw.
Can you book a taxi for me between the 2 places? I would like to leave the theatre by 10:45.|Your taxi has been booked. The car will be a black Lexus and the contact number is 07768154661.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need help finding a chinese restaurant in the centre of cambridge any suggestions?|There are 10 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like it in the centre.|There's fives places that fit that bill.. do you have a price range in mind?
The closest is fine, can you give me the phone number and postcode of the restaurant?  I am also looking for a college to visit in the area.|The closest is Charlie Chan on Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223361763. Postcode is cb21db. As for the college, do you have a preference on area?
What is the entrance fee for Regent Street City Centre?|There isn't an entrance fee to enter the street or the restaurant.
Ok I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the Regent Street City Centre?|I will need more information to book the taxi for you.  What time would you like to depart and what time would you like to arrive by?
I will be leaving the restaurant by 1:30 and the arrival time does not matter.|I was able to book that taxi for you.  It is a white Honda and the contact number is 07734608677.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great night. Goodbye.|Have a lovely stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
Are there any restaurants serving australasian food in the east part of the city?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No, how about chinese food?|Yu garden offers chinese food in the east part of town
Okay, can I please have the phone number?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can do?  Reserve a table for you, perhaps?
i am also looking for a hotel called limehouse|The Limehouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the North, would you like their contact information and address, or would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me if Limehouse has internet access?|It does have internet. Would you like to book a room?
I also need a Taxi that will pick me up by by 8:15 from the guest house to the Restaurant. I will appreciate to have the Car type and the number.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07241514490
I want to leave the restaurant by 8:15.|This is what we've requested for you. You're all set.
Thank you. That's all I needed. I appreciate all of your help.|Your Welcome.  Have A Great Day!
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the west area of town.|There are nine expensive restaurants on the west side of town. Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Indian sound good.|We have tandoor palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoor restaurant, and india house, which would you like to try?
The Maharajah Tandoor sounds great!|Would you like me to book you a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant?
Yes, a table for 2 people on friday at 12:00. I need a reference number.|All right, a table for 2 is reserved for you. M4TC7VRV is your reference number.
I am also going to need a taxi to get me to the restaurant before my reservation.  Can you get me their contact number and car type?|I would be happy to book you a taxi. Could you please tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to leave maharajah taondoori, and go to a college.|When would you like to leave the restaurant or arrive at the college?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by 12:00 on Friday please. I will also need their contact number and the car type.|Would you like to arrive at the restaurant or at the college by 12:00? I'm afraid there has been a misunderstanding.
The restaurant please.|Where would you like the taxi to take you?
to the attraction|I apologize, there's been a misunderstanding. Before we can book your taxi, we need to know which college. There are 18 colleges. What area are you looking for?
I'm sorry, let's back up. We'll worry about the taxi later. First, can you help me find a college on the west side of town?|I apologize for the confusion. I have 5 different museums. 3 are free and the other two charge 2.50 pounds. All are in the west. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer a free one, just surprise me with information on one of them please.|Just to avoid any confusion on my part you were looking for a college or a museum? I may have pulled up the wrong information. I apologize for that.
A college and I need their telephone number.|Certainly Churchill College is free to enter and their address is storey's way.
Great! May I have their contact number?|The contact number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Are you ready to book that taxi now that we know which college you are wanting to travel to?
Yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, I need a taxi at 11.45 from Churchill College to Maharajah Tandoor so I can get there by 12.|Yes, we've booked a taxi for you: A red volvo, contact number 07272851306.
That is wonderful.  Thank you so much for being patient.  I am all set.  Bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions.  I am looking for a museum in the west part of town.|There are 7 options, the first is cafe jello gallery located at 13 magdalene street, phone number 01223312112. Would that work?
That would work well for me can I get their entrance fee and postcode as well?|Yes, the postcode is cb30af. Entrance is free! What else can I help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a hotel called the Lovell Lodge. Can you help me find information about this hotel?|Sure thing! Lovell lodge is located in the north at 365 milton road. What else would you like to know?
Does Lovell Lodge have free internet, and may I ask what star rating it has? Thank you for checking this for me.|2 stars. Yes it has free internet.
Thanks! I will also need to book a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 24:30. Can you help with that?|It will be a grey Audi, and the contact number is 07486491137. Will that be all today?
Yes, that's all. Goodbye!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'd like for a taxi to pick me up after 13:00 today|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up from?
I will leave from the rice house.|What is your destination? And what time would you like to arrive by?
I need a hotel to stay with a 3 star rating please.|There are 2 hotels with 3 stars.  They are both quite similar, but the Gonville Hotel has a little better reputation.  Can I tell you anything about it?
Yes, is either of these hotels located in the north?|No they are located in the centre and the south.
I need the address and phone to them please.|the phone number is 01223366611 and adress is gonville place
How about a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the north?|There are two 3-star guesthouses in the north. One offers Internet and parking and the other doesn't. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
No, thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in town.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
On second.  Wait.  What was the price range on that guesthouse?|The pricerange for Gonville Hotel is expensive. Were you needing a guesthouse? This is a hotel.
I think we're confusing each other. You said there was no 3-star hotel in the north, so I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in the north. Do you have that?|Sorry. My system just refreshed. Alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star guesthouse in the north area in the moderate price range. It does not include internet or parking.
No worries, I just need the address please.|The Alpha-milton guest house address is 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Are you looking for an attraction in the north also?
I am actually looking for a college anywhere in town. Can you recommend an interesting one?|Sure! I recommend the Clare Hall located on Herschel Road. What information would you like to know?
May I have the phone number and the exact area.|Clare hall is in the west part of town. Their phone number is 01223332360 should you need to contact them!
Thanks! I will also need a taxi please.|Thank you, please provide what time you want to leave the hotel or time you want to arrive at Clare Hall.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge that serves crossover food please?|There are no matching restaurants, would you like another type of food?
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?|There are 21 moderate restaurants in the center of town.  What food type would you like?
Asian oriental sounds yummy, what are my choices?|I would recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar.   Fun place with great food.
That would be fine. Can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on thursday.|You are booked for 5 people at 12:15 on Thursday at the Yippee Noodle Bar. Reference number is C62U1AM2.  They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
I would also like to get a place to stay.|There are several hotels that you can choose from. What type of hotel are you looking for?
I would like a hotel that is in the moderate price range and needs to have 0 stars.  It needs to be near the hotel.|There is only one hotel in the moderate price range with 0 stars near the centre called cityroomz. Shall I book a room for you?
No booking necessary, just need one more thing, a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant and to get there by the reservation time|I have booked a red skoda. The number is 07965582777. Anything else for you?
That will be it, thanks.|Thank you we hope you enjoy your stay!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.  I need a place to dine.|Sure, do you have a type of food you are wanting?
Crossover food would be perfect.|Unfortunately, there aren't any crossover restaurants in Cambridge. Is there something else you'd like to try?
Is there a gastropub in Centre?|Yes, I have two that are expensive and one that is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the moderately priced option. Can I please have the phone number?|In the moderate price range, I have one place. It's called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located on Corn Exchange Street. Do you need a reservation?
Not right now, but I am looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5-star accommodations in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, there are no 5-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.  There are many 4-star options.  Would you like to try one of those?
Do you have one with free parking|Yes the allenbell does.
Is the allenbell a guesthouse?|Yes, it is a guesthouse.  It's located at 517a Coldham Lane.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you that will be all|Is there anything further that I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 18:30.|Sure.  I booked a black BMW for you. Contact number	:	07568490583
Thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you! Thanks for your help! Bye!|excellent, have a great day!
I need to find a place to stay while in Cambridge, I do not need it to have internet but I do need it to have free parking.|There are currently no hotels in the Cambridge area that have parking, is there another area close by that would work for you?
maybe you can suggest a place close to the area of south, I would appreciate that, thank you|There is nothing in the south. Do you really need parking?
Yeah, I do.  What about to the west?|What are the preferences you have for the hotel? I cannot seem to find one fitting the criteria you have listed.
I need the hotel to at least have free wifi. Can you accommodate?|There are 4 hotels in the south with free wifi and parking. What star rating would you like?
I don't really care about the star rating. I just would like free wifi and would need to book for 3 nights for 6 people.|what price range are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.|Ok. How about the Bridge Guest House. I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know what day you'll be arriving.
I will be arriving Sunday.|All booked! The reference number is O59MRSHK.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area.  Preferably vegetarian food in the moderate price range.|there are no vegetarian food restaurants.
Okay. Is there one that serves International food?|There are three locations that serve international cuisine. The Missing Sock, The Varsity Restaurant, and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Are you interested in any of these?
Sure, can I please get a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people at The Missing Sock?|I cannot not book your reservation for the time you wanted, would you want another time or to try one of the other 2 restaurants?
Can you try for 12:00?|I'm sorry 12:00 is not available either, would you like to try another time or different restaurant possibly?
Yes let's try another restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant is moderately priced, and serves international food, but I'm afraid it's not in the south, but rather the city centre. Would that be agreeable?
Sure please book that fro me.|Booked for 12 at varsity restaurant, you reference number is SSRYQGZ2. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Alright, can you get me a taxi that will take from from the hotel to the Varsity in time for my reservation?|Yes, be on the lookout for for a white lexus. The contact number is 07672513904. May I help with anything else?
No, I am all set.  Thank you for all your help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service. You have a great trip!
I am trying to find a Jamaican restaurant|We don't have any Jamaican restaurants here. Would you like to try something else?
How about a expensive mediterranean?|There are two restaurants, La Mimosa or Shiraz
let's book a table at Shiraz.|Can I get what day,time and how many people will be dining?
Monday at noon and five.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is:  QJI9U6C7. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|I recommend acorn guest house on 154 chesterton road would you like me to book?
Can I get the address, postcode and price range of that hotel?|It is a moderate priced guesthouse. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Can I book you any rooms?
Sure, that would be great. one person for 2 nights please.|What day will you be arriving?
The same day, I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel and restaurant.|I need to know the time you want to leave.
Wednesday, I need to arrive to the restaurant by my booked time.|I think we've almost mixed up your bookings! To clarify, you'd like a hotel reservation starting on Wednesday? Your restaurant booking is set for Monday. We can make changes!
What was I thinking! I wanted to book a table for 1 person, myself, at 12:30 on Wednesday. Please change my booking at Shiraz.|So you would like to cancel the other booking?
I need to change it to Wednesday at 12:30 for 1 person. The others can't make it. Sorry.|No worries. Your table for 1 is reserved and your reservation code is GKDDPL1M. The table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
No, please find me a zero star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking|Sorry I don't have any 0 star hotels with that criteria.
Any stars would be fine.|I'm so sorry but i'm confused. What would you like me to search for your place to stay?
I am looking for a hotel with a zero star rating with both free wifi and parking, please.|There are two cheap guesthouses meeting your needs: el shaddai in the centre and city centre north b and b in the north. Which do you prefer?
i highly recommend el shaddai. it is cheap. can i book?|El Shaddai is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse in the centre. Will that work for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode and address please.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Help me arrange for a taxi to tandoori palace|Alright. What time do you want to leave by?
I'd like to leave after 16:30, please.|Booking is done. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 072411211316
Great. That's all for today. Thanks|You're welcome. Have a good time!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north?|Yes! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
It does not really matter. It does not need internet or free parking.|There is a moderately priced, 3 star guesthouse named the Alpha-Milton Guesthouse. Can I help you book your stay?
Yes, 4 people, 4 nights, start from Wednesday. Reference number please.|I was able to book it, reference number is TGKX5Y65.
Awesome. Are there any good Indian restaurants close to the hotel?|There is the nirala which is moderately priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I'd like to book the Nirala for Wednesday for 3 people at 15:15, please.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : R6H3QHUE.  What else can I help you with today?
I will also need a taxi.|When would you like the taxi for?
I would like to go from the hotel to Nirala to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black toyota
Contact number	:	07497343822 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much! That's everything for now. Take care!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye!
I'm visiting the centre and want to go all out on the experience.   Can you help me find an expensive restaurant?|Sure, which part of town did you want to eat in?
In the centre, please|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of cuisine you were looking for?
no, just surprise me. I need a reservation for 1 person at 20:00 on wednesday.|You have been booked at the Bedouin on Wednesday at 20:00 for 1 person.  Your reference number is 29KJKZOD.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay.|The University Arms is a 4 star hotel on Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Is that in the centre area also, and in the expensive price range? That is what I'm looking for.|Yes, University Arms Hotel is a 4-star hotel in the expensive price range.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Great, can you book for 1 person and 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VJQM2DFY. Anything else I can do for you?
Great I also need a taxi to take me between the two places and get me to the restaurant by 20:00|Booking for the taxi complete look for a grey bmw car contact number is 07434690950 to arrive at the restaurant by 20:00
Perfect!. Thank you for your help!|You are most welcome. May I help you with anything else, such as attractions?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the centre. Can you help me?|Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like to eat Italian food.|I can suggest ask located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No, please give me their postcode instead|cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I am also interested in finding out information about local colleges. Do you recommend any to visit?|You should check out the downing college on regent street. Do you want me to get you their phone number?
Yes please.  I would like their postcode, phone number, and address.|their post code is cb21dq. it is located in regent street. phone number is 01223334860.
I would like to book a taxi now please.  I need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.  Are there any available?|Sure, where will you be headed?
Between the restaurant and the hotel.|We have discussed a restaurant and a college, did you have a hotel you wished to stay at?
I'll be commuting between the restaurant and the college. I want to book at taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 12:30.|A grey Tesla will pick you up, contact number 07587024658. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east side.|There are several.  Would you like British, Chinese, Gastropub, or Indian cuisine?
Book me a table of five for Tuesday at 11:30 in one that serves  British cuisine. Please get me the reference number as well.|I was able to successfully book a table for 5 at the Grafton Hotel restaurant at 11:30 on Tuesday, your reference number is 701570FS.
Thank you, I also need a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.|There are 29 different hotels that fit this request. Did you need it in a certain area or did you prefer a certain price range?
Yes, I'd also like it to be expensive and on the east side.|It sounds like you're looking for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge then!
That would work well what type of hotel is it?|It is a hotel-hotel. Its named holiday "inn" and I completely understand, it can be confusing. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll also need information about a taxi service as I won't have transportation on this trip.|What time would you like to leave and arrive for your taxi?
I need it to pick me up in time to get me to the restaurant before 11:30.  Can I get a contact number and car type please?|The car is a black lexus and the contact number is 07421870215.
Great thanks! That's all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip!
Hello. Can you recommend a good hotel in the centre?|I have three hotels in the Centre. Would you like moderate or expensive prince range?
Price is no object, but i would like free parking and wifi.|Great, since price is no object I recommend University Arms Hotel.  Its an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.  Want me to book it?
Yea, I'd like to book for 3 people. We will need 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|The booking has been successful. Your reference number is NL0GG0ZZ.
Thank you. Have a good night!|You're welcome! Have a great night.
I would like to book a taxi to arrive by 13:45 to go to carolina bed and breakfast.|I can help you with that, but can you please let me know where you will be leaving from?
I'm leaving from mahal of cambridge.|Alright, you're all set. A grey skoda will pick you up. The contact number is 07629344637. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. thank you!|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services!
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'd like a taxi to the ugly duckling|What time would you like to depart at?
I need to actually arrive by 19:15.|Where will you be departing from today?
I will be departing from parkside police station.|Your grey Honda is booked, and the contact number for the driver is 07817450562. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that's great, thanks.|Have a nice day. Thank you for contacting us.
Can you find me a place with free parking to stay in the centre?|I can help with that, are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse with three star rating could be great.|There are no guesthouses with 3 star but there is a 3 star hotel that offers free parking and free wifi. It is called Gonville Hotel.
Please book me that hotel, it fits my preferences.|Excellent. For how many people and for how long?
What is the price range, address and phone number of the hotel?|The hotel is expensive. The address is Gonville Place, and the phone number is 01223366611.
I'm also looking for a really nice restaurant that serves modern european food. Can you help me with that?|Sure! There is one restaurant meeting that criteria.  It is the Darrys Cookhouse & Wine Shop. Would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of this restaurant and is it located near the hotel?|They're both in the centre of town, and the restaurant has a price range of expensive.
I would like a table for 5 on Sunday at 19:30 at Darrys Cookhouse, please.|Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to book another day or time?
Yes, can I have a table for 18:30 on the same day?|Ok I have booked your table for 5 at 18:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is 4PXENUHG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30. Can you get me a contact number and car type?|Okay, it been booked. The car type is a yellow ford and your contact number is 07565490512. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should be it, thank you very much|You're welcome. Have a beautiful stay in our fair city.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town|I've got many here that match that description. Would you like a specific food type? Maybe British food?
How about Chinese food?|jinling noodle bar is a chinese restaurant in the centre, 11 Peas Hill City Centre
That sounds great! Can you see if there's a table for 3 available at 16:00 on Monday?|Your table for 3 has been reserved on Monday at 16:00 at Jinling Noodle Bar. Your reference number is 3UL0PL4Q. Can I help with anything else today?
Great. i also need to find  a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant and I am looking for a hotel.|Would you also like that in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes, please, so moderately priced hotel in the centre.|I have one listing for cityroomz in the centre of town.
Great, we need that booked as well starting monday for 5 nights.|Will there be three people for the hotel reservation as well?
Yes, I need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is ZXKNH4XD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi.|Your taxi is booked from cityroomz to jinling noodle bar for arrival at your 16:00 reservation. Your taxi is a red Honda. The contact number is 07715873440. Anything else?
No you have been great! Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi there! I'm looking for a 3-star place to say in the south area of town.|I have a moderately priced guesthouse and a relatively expensive hotel, both rated at 3 stars, both with free parking and internet. Want to flip a coin?
No I prefer to go with the moderately priced guesthouse, does it have free wifi?|Yes, free wifi and parking. Can I book it for you?
Not at this time but can you give me the phone number, please?|Sure, the phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also interested in finding something fun to do in the south. Are there any "must see" attractions you suggest?|There are several attractions in the south.  There are a couple nice parks, a theatre, a museum and a nightclub.  Which type would you like to visit?
just any that is inn the same area as the hotel|Ok, how about the byard art museum? It has free admission.
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address, and also how much it will cost?|The cost of the Byard Art Museum is free to get into, the phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
i also need taxi service to get me from bridge guest house to the art museum. i want to leave the hotel by 14:15.|Okay, I have a grey honda booked to pick you up at 14:15.  The contact number is 07602309697.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all I need.|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|We have quite a few expensive restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as far as area or cuisine type?
Thai food, in the centre of town.|You should try Bangkok City it meets all your criteria and is really great.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book the table.|How many in your party? What day and time would you like to book for?
There are 2 of us.  I need the reservation for 14:30 on Wednesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : ZSDXS5VK.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that is in the same area as the restaurant, is a hotel and includes free parking.|The Gonville hotel is in the same area as the restaurant and has free parking.  Their phone number is 01223366611.
What is the post code for the Gonville Hotel?|Postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a taxi to get me there and back.|Where would you like to depart from?
I want to go from the hotel to the restaurant and need to arrive in time for my reservation. Can you book that and then give me the relevant info?|Your taxi reservation has been booked. You will be picked up by a white Honda at 14:15 at the Gonville Hotel headed to Bangkok City. The Contact number is 07851072379
My visit is all set. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye for now.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need to have free parking.|There are quite a number of hotels that fit your description. Any preferences in location or food served?
It should be on the east side, and have free wifi, no food preferences though.|I have 3 results for moderately priced guesthouses on the east side.  All have 4 star ratings and free wifi, do you need parking?
I do not need free parking. Can you book one of them for Thursday? I have 8 people and we need to stay for 2 nights.|Great I was able to book A and B guest house, the reference is VMWIVZV7.
Thank you for your help in booking the hotel for me!|You are welcome. Goodbye!
I also also need a place to eat in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel|Sure I have two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant matching your price and area preference. Do any sound good to you?
I would like to book a table at the Italian restaurant for 8 people on Thursday at 14:45. Can I have the reference number for that as well?|Okay you're all set.  Your reference number is U37O50HC.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|I was able to book a blue honda, phone number is 07521143616
Great thank you for all your help|Not a problem, have a great day!
i need a place to stay|Luckily there is something for everyone here. Could you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
2 stars, free parking and WiFi, located in the south, please.|There are no hotels with a 2 star rating that meet your criteria. However, we have several 3 and 4 star options. Would you be interested in one of those?
do you have a 2 star in the east ?|We do. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like their number, or a reservation?
Can you reserve me a room for Friday for 4 people, 2 nights please?|I was able to book you per your request.  Your reference number is : F91TKJ02.
Okay, great. Thank you!|Thank you. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a theatre to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|We have five choice, any preferences?
No, just one you think is the best.|I highly suggest the Junction on Clifton Way.
Sounds great. Can I get the address and phone number please?|They are on Clifton Way. Their phone number is 01223511511
I also need to know what area that is in?|It is in the South part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, one more thing. I need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.|What are the times you would like to leave and/or arrive?
I need to leave Junction on Clifton Way by 7:45 and go to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue skoda
Contact number	:	07267403400
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome, call me in case you need anything else.
We would like to find a restaurant that is north of town.|There are 9 restaurants that match your request. What price range are you interested in?
Please find me one in the expensive price range.|What type of food would you like?
I don't care as long as it's expensive.|Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like to reserve a table?
No. Please get me their address instead.|Certainly. Hakka's address is Milton Road in Chesterton. What else can I assist with?
give me information about tenpin and a taxi to commute between these two places|Tenpin is great entertainment located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.   What day do you need the taxi for?
Could I get the postcode for Tenpin?|The postcode for Tenpin is cb17dy.
Thank you! Sorry about that. I will need a taxi to leave the attraction by 05:00.|I can set that up for you. where are you going?
I need to go from the attraction by 05:00 to the restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07731620452
thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. I'm good. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|Have a nice day.
I want to go see a movie at cineworld cinema today. I'll be needing a taxi to get there.|I would be happy to help with your request, where does the taxi need to pick you up from?
I'm departing from frankie and bennys.|Great. And now I will just need a time from you.
I'd like to arrive by 20:45 please.|You can contact them at 07080271621 and you will be in a white bmw.
thank you, good bye!|Have a great day! Enjoy your ride!
Let's find me a cheap eatery in the north part of the town. Thank you.|There are 2 places in the north that are in the cheap price range.  Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria.  Do either sound good to you?
Royal Spice sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 2 at 17:45 on Sunday?|Sure reference number is CH9ZLEFO
I also need a place to stay|Could you tell me what area you would like to stay in, and if you require parking or wifi?
I want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is cheap and in the north, just like my restaurant|I have found the City Centre North B and B guesthouse.  It is cheap and has 0 stars.
Can you tell me the postcode?|Sure. The postcode is cb43ht. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a taxi also.|Okay, please tell me where you will depart from, your destination, and a time that you either wish to leave or arrive by
The hotel to the restaurant....|The taxi booking has been completed! Look out for a yellow bmw the contact number is 07132659323. Anything else I can assist with today?
That does it for now, thank you.|Great.  Thanks for talking to us!
I'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. Can you recommend one?|There are 15 options. Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in? And are you interested in wifi and parking?
I don't care about wifi or parking.  To be honest, I don't care what area it is in, either.  What would you pick?|I would go with the Acorn Guest House if I were choosing a moderately price guesthouse.
Sounds nice. What is the address and postcode please?|The address is 154 Chesterton Rd, the postal code is cb41da, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the west.|There are no boats in the west, can I try something else for you?
Hmm. What about museums?|Cambridge and county folk museum is available, would you like that?
Sure. That sounds good. Can I get their address and postcode please?|Sure their address is 2-3 Castle Street and the postcode is cb30aq
Thanks! I also need a taxi between both locations, please.|Can you tell what time you want to be picked up and at which location?
I want to leave the hotel by 23:15.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07349924614. The car type is a black ford. Can I help you with anything else?
Wow that was fast thanks!  No, that is all I needed.  Hope you have a wonderful day.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and will need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.|There are three hotels which meet your needs, any preferences in area?
Are any of those guesthouses? I don't really care for hotels.|All three of the places I mentioned are guesthouses.  One is in the south, one is in the north, and one is in the west.
Could you see if you could book me a room in one that is moderately priced?|Which area would you prefer?
I do not care,  book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|OK, you have a room booked at the Hamilton Lodge, ref#6ZQBEZBT. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Actually, yes. I am wanting to find out some information on the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|Sure! The jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river and the phone number is 01223302579.
Ok that is all I need today. Thanks, good bye.|Okay glad I could help.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.|The Archyway House is a guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book for you?
Does it have 4 stars? If so, go ahead and book it!|Sure thing! How many people will be staying, what day to you want your stay to start, and how long?
1 people, 4 nights starting monday. Thanks.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3AHJV6HE.
I am also looking for an attraction in the middle of town.|I can help you with that.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
I would like something with architecture I think.|How about all saints church?
Sure, can you get me the information?|All Saints Church is in the centre area and has free admission.
Can you tell me the address and phone number to the All Saints Church.|Sure the address is jesus lane and the phone number is 01223452587, there is no entrance fee's either.
Cool. Can you have a taxi pick me up at 19:00 at the hotel and take me to the attraction? And i'll need car and contact info|A grey skoda is booked for you and can be reached at 07908464807. How else can I help?
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|You are welcome. It was my pleasure to help you. Goodbye from the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for places to visit on the south side of town.|I have museums, nightclubs, entertainment venues and cinema. is there a particular attraction you are looking for?
I'm open to anything really. Surprise me and recommend one and get me the address.|I recommend the Byard Art Museum at 14 King's Parade in postcode cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
please give me information about the gandhi|It is an Indian restaurant located in the centre area of town.  Were you interested in book a table?
Yes, could you please book a table for me thank you.|What day and time would you like?
It would be for Saturday for 4 people at 20:00 please.|A table has been booked for four people on Saturday at 20:00. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is TSS303TH. How else may I help you?
Oh yeah, I just remembered, I'm going to need a taxi to commute between these two locations.|I want to confirm you are departing byard art to arrive at Gandhi restaurant by 20:00. Is this correct?
yes this is correct.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a blue Lexus. Please call 07043827039 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Center. Goodbye
I'd like to find a college to visit in the center of town.|I have found 13 of them. Can you please be more specific about what you would like?
You can choose one for me and give me the address.|I recommend Emmanuel college. Their address is saint andrew's street
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to stay with free wifi?|There are 32 hotels that offer free internet, is there a price range or area you prefer?
moderate price range thank you|I narrowed it down to 17.  What part of town would you prefer and do you want free parking?
I would prefer the north please.|I would suggest the acorn guest house it is a great place to stay.
That will be fine. I'll need to book for Saturday, 3 nights, and 1 person.|You're all set! Your reference number is 41BK9PC7.
Actually one more thin, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave at 09:45.|Okay, I booked a yellow honda and their contact number is 07225232221. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be it for today.|No thank you that will be all
I am looking for a Persian restaurant with expensive price range food.|Unfortunately I can't find any matching records. Could you like to try any other food type?
Oh, how disappointing. There are no expensive persian restaurants in the center of town?|No, I am afraid I have no listing for one. Would you like to try another area or pricerange?
Is there a italian restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive range?|Yes there are 4 italian restuarants that are expensive in the centre of town.  Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzaria, and Cafe Uno.  Would you like a reservation?
I've heard good things about Clowns Cafe. Do you have the address?|Clowns Cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre.
Do you know of any nightclubs in the area?|There are 5 in that area: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Would you like more information about 1 of these?
All of those sound great. Can you recommend one and just give me the postcode and entrance fee?|The ballare is perfect. cb23na is the postcode and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to Ballare? I want to leave after 18:30. I'll need car type and contact number too.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black honda
Contact number	:	07608331864 Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for that! Can you double check when the car is picking me up? I think I misspoke - I'd like to leave the restaurant by 18:30, not after.|I have you leaving by that time in the black Honda. May I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome, have a safe trip.
I need a taxi from avalon to hamilton lodge at 19:30, please.|I booked you a yellow tesla with the Contact number 07495722772, is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that will be all. Thank you very much for your time.|thanks, enjoy your stay
I am looking for an attraction in the centre that has multiple sports.|i recommend old school  01223332320
Old School is the multiple sports attraction? Great name. What's the address?|The address is Trinity Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a cheap place to eat?|Sure thing what kind of food do you want?
Before we move on, may I get the postcode of Old School? Also, I'd like to find some information on hotel Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge rather than food.|Sure thing! It is cb21tt
book for 2 people and 5 nights from monday|I've made those reservations and your reference number is 19IY1XE1.
Thanks, again. Finally, I need a taxi between the hotel and the Old School attraction, please.|Absolutely, what is the date and time you would like the taxi for?
The same day, I want it to take me between the two places. I'll need to leave the hotel by 10:30.|Booked your taxi, a black ford. Contact number will be 07004802042.
Great, you've handled all my needs for today! Thanks a ton! Bye!|It was my pleasure! Bye until next time!
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving modern european food.|Which specific area are you interested in?
I'm looking for someplace in the center of town.|There are two restaurants fitting your needs, de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do either of these sound good to you?
Well I would like modern European food and the prices to be moderate. Do either of these restaurants match those criteria?|De Luca Cucina and Bar and Riverside Brasserie both serve Modern European both are moderate price range. Which would you like?
I would like the address and phone number to De Luca Cucina and Bar. Also looking for places to visit in the same area.|Ok De Luca Cucina and Bar's address is 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666. For places to visit, did you want it to be in the same area as the restaurant?
I would like it to be in the same area yes.|We have 44 different attractions in the Centre of Cambridge. Can we narrow it down by type, such as nightclub, college, or architecture?
You can recommend anything as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.|i will recommend old schools. can i give you the contact?
Please, and the entrance fee as well.|Old Schools is an architectural attraction in the centre and they're located at Trinity Lane, post code cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320 and their entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I will need a taxi to commute as well.|Okay! From where to where?
leave the attraction by 19:15|I will need your destination in order to book your taxi. Where will you be going to?
I'm going to De Luca Cucina and Bar|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Skoda and their number is 07417597473.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Great, I have several options for you. Two are in the south.
Area does not matter. Pick one for me.|I would recommend the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Can I just get the address for now?|Their address is12 St. Johns Street City Centre.  Was there anything else you needed to know?
I'm also lso looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.|I have 3 that match your criteria, is there an area you are looking to stay in?
No, I do need wifi though.|I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes please book for 1 night 1 person. I also need a taxi to go from the hotel by 14:15 to the restaurant. What is the car & contact number?|What day will you be checking in?
There is no preference.|Unfortunately, to book you a room I would need to know the day you want to start your stay. What day would that be? Then we can get a taxi.
You know what I change my mind. I'll book later. I still need a taxi from University Arms Hotel leaving at 14:15 to the Ugly Duckling.|I have made that taxi and you should expect a red lexus. The contact number for the taxi is 07465471381.
thank you I think that will be all for today.|your welcome, have a great day!
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 21:15 and should depart from backstreet bistro.|What is the destination?
I'm sorry. I gave you the wrong information. I need to leave from the Fitzwilliam Museum and arrive at Royal Standard by 07:45.|I have booked you a white Tesla. The contact number is 07099074893. Can I help you with anything else today?
am good thanks so much|No problem. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'd like some help picking out a restaurant.|Do you have a food preference?
I am looking for something that serves british food in the centre of town.|i got quite a number. can you state your price preference?
I would like to dine somewhere that is expensive.|Fitzbillies Restaurant is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to book a table?
Could i get their phone number please?|yes, their phone number is 01223352500
Thanks! I'm also looking for something fun to do close to the restaurant. What's around there?|There are a lot of choices, depending on your interests. The Soul Tree Nightclub, for example, or the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. What sort of thing were you looking for?
any should be OK. please get me the entrance fee and address.I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|The address of the Soul Tree Nightclub is 1-6 Corn Exchange Street, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Shall I organize the taxi to that address?
Yes but I need to leave the Night club by 1:45 and go to Fitzbillies restaurant. I'll need the contact number and car type as well.|Ok, I've got you a red lexus, contact number 07216817086 Can I help with anythign else today?
Thank you, thatll be all for now.|You're welcome. If you need anything else, let us know.
I want to know where I can go in the town centre of Cambridge.|There are many places to go in the centre. Are you looking for an attraction or restaurant?
An attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.|I could recommend old schools. It is architecture and free to see. Would you like more information?
Yes tell me one of those recommendations.|Old Schools is an architectural attraction on Trinity Lane that has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you provide me the full address including postal code?  Thanks.|The address listed for Old Schools is simply Trinity Lane. And their postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything more I can do for you today?
Yes, I would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.|What kind of food would you like and what price range
I would prefer British food and an expensive price range if possible.|I have three restaurants in the town centre that meet your needs.  Might I suggest the Cambridge Chop house or Fitzbillies restaurant?
Can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number?|The Cambridge Chop House is a favorite of mine. It's located at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, but I am interested in getting a tax from Old Schools to the Cambridge Chop House. Can you help?|What time will you be needing the taxi service for?
I would like to leave Old Schools by 19:00.|Okay your all set! A red lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07885505407, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all I need.|I'm happy to have been of service. Goodbye!
I need lodging in Cambridge that has free parking. I don't need internet, though. What have you got?|We have 29 entries that match your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I also need free parking included and I would like it to be a hotel.|The ashley hotel in the north has free parking.
The Ashley hotel does not have internet is that correct?|The Ashley hotel does have free wifi.
Oh, that's great! What's the address for The Ashley?|The ashley hotel 74 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book a room.|When would you like your reservation to start, how long would you like to stay, and how many are in your party?
I also need a place to dine serving modern american food in the centre.|before we get to your restaurant inquiry could you give me some information on your hotel stay? When would you be staying? How many days? How many would be joining you?
Actually, I will go ahead and book myself later. But, if you can help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that would be great.|There are many moderate restaurants in the centre but no American restaurant.  Would you be interested in Asian, Brittish, or chinese?
How about a British one then?|The Oak Bistro is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
Yes please. Please book a table for 5 at 12:30 on friday.|Yes I have done that for you and your reference number is BKV4ED6B.
Thank you. I also need to get a taxi to go between the two places.|I have gone ahead and booked that Taxi for you.   The Taxi will be a blue Volkswagen and the Taxi contact number will be 07081400797.
Great thanks! That's all I needed.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre!  Have a nice trip!
I want a hotel with free parking in the center of town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate would be preferred.|I am sorry but there is nothing in the moderate price range.  Would you like another price range?
What about a moderate hotel located in the North?|I have found 9 hotels in north. Do you have any other preferences so we can narrow them down?
No other preferences.  Can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 3 nights starting Friday|I was able to book your party of 6 into Acorn Guest House, reference 1IJ5VMO1. Is there anything more today?
Great I am also looking to go to a museum.|I have found 23 museums. Is there a particular are of the city you interested in?
No, I don't have any preference, other than it's a museum. Could you pick one and give me the area and postcode please?|Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre area and the postal code is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi as well to leave the hotel by 13:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white tesla
Contact number	:	07199782838
anything else i can help you with?
No that was it. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the west part of the town|We have British, Indian or Italian to choose from in that category.  Do you have a preference?
No, I do not have a preference.|I'd recommend the Prezzo. It's an Italian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, we would like a reservation for Wednesday.|Can you tell me how many guests and what time you would like the reservation for?
For 3 people, at 11:30 please.|I've reserved a table for three at 11:30 on Wednesday. Your reference number is HJKOKG94. Is there anything else I can help you find in the area?
I'm looking for information on worth house.|Worth House is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town. They're located at 152 Chesterton Road, cb41da.
I want to book Worth House for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UOVCEW8B.
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the hotel.|What time do you need to be picked up and from where?
I'd like it to go from the Worth House to the Prezzo. It can pick me up any time, as long as it arrives by the booked time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white lexus
Contact number	:	07055220533
I think that is all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you. You do the same!
I'm needing to find a taxi.  I need to leave after 13:00 and I'm leaving the pizza hut fen ditton.|Happy to help! Where will you be traveling to?
I'm going to thanh binh.|Great.  You are booked with a black volkswagen.
I need the contact number please.|Certainly. The contact number is 07590243712. Can I help you with anything else?
No.thats all I need. Thanks!|You're more than welcome!
Good morning. I am planning a visit to Cambridge and need some help with details. I hear there are a lot of places to see.|There are plenty of attractions. What area of town are you interested in?
I am interested in the east part of town.|There are 10 different attractions on the east side. There's a boat, a couple of entertainment venues, a few museums, a multiple sports complex, a park, and a swimming pool.
Great!   What I really need is a guesthouse in the East,  What do you have available?|There are 6 guesthouses in the east area. What price range are you looking for?
Price does not matter but it needs to have free parking.|5 places offer, I recommend warkworth house, would you like me to book you?
I would like to book for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Monday|The booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a preference for another day?
See if you can book 2 nights, please.|A reservation for 2 nights was no problem. Your reference number is OZ6M16DN.
Okay, what attractions are nearby the hotel?|what kind of attraction would you like? there are plenty
Take your pick. I am open to anything as long as it is in the east area.|I would recommend the funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and reachable at 01223304705
Alright I'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, I'll most likely leave the fun house at 6:00.|Alright it is done, look for a white toyota. The contact number is 07951320030 if you have any further questions.
Fantastic, you've been a great help!|Glad to be of service to you, Good bye.
Hello, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.|Please give me the name of the location.
looking for lensfield hotel, kindly find out whether it has internet and the area|the lensfield hotel is in the south part of town and has internet.  Would you like their phone number.
no but am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre|i recommend gonville and caius college	located intrinity street,cb21ta. do you need the phone number?
Yes I would like the phone number.|The college can be reached at 01223332400. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I also need a taxi to get to the college. I want to leave my hotel at 04:45.|A black honda will pick you up at that time, if you have any other questions you can contact them at 07444688519.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That's all I will be needing for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I going to be staying in the centre part of town, what is there to do at that area?|There's a lot of popular attractions in the centre of town, including boating, cinema, museums, nightclubs, and much more. Do you have a specific preference?
No, I don't have a preference. What's a good place to go to?|I would suggest the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology.  It is located at University of Cambridge, Downing Street and has free admission.
May I get the postcode, phone number for that attraction?|Yes, the postcode is cb23dz. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like information about the Alpha Milton guest house.|alpha-milton guest house is a moderate priced 3 start guesthouse in the north, it does not have free internet or parking. They are located at 63 milton road.
That sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on saturday for 5 nights.|You are all set, the reference number is C3JA0EZJ, any further questions today?
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the museum to the hotel. If possible, I'd like to leave the museum no later than 24:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey ford
Contact number	:	07511988882
Great. Thank you, that will be all for now. Have a great day.|Okay. Thank you very much.
I'd like to find hotels in the cheap price range that offer free wifi.|There is one hotel that matches your search. It is the cambridge belfry in the west area. Can I book that for you?
No thank you, just the address and phone number please.|They are located on back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book it for me. 3 people, 4 nights, Sunday. Reference number, please.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1CU5LU5X. is there anything else i can help?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to eat in the north.  Same price range as my hotel.|There are 2 choices - would you prefer indian or Italian food?
I would prefer italian.|da vinci pizzeria serves italian food it is in the north of town
OK, I will need to make a reservation for the same group of people at 12:45 on that same day.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : 7J5INWLY. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help.|It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for places to go in the east part of town.|There is a free museum at 5 Greens Road. Does that sound like it might interest you?
Yes, Is that in the east side of town? If so could you let me know the address and postcode please?|That would be the Cambridge Artworks, and yes it is on the east side. The address is 5 greens road.
Is there a Greek restaurant in that part of town as well?|I'm afraid I don't have any listings fro Greek food in that part of town. I do have Indian, Chinese, British and International. Would any of these cuisines do?
That's too bad.  I would be interested in British food.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant on the east side. Would you like a table there?
Yes please I need a restaurant for 8 people at 17:30 on saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: EBD7XCH8
I am looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a park that is in the east.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is in the east side. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Please get me their address, phone number and their entrance fee.|The park is located at Cherry hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100 and is free to enter. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Jamaican food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Jamaican restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. We do have plenty of expensive restaurants, though, so I could find you a different cuisine.
That is fine, how about a restaurant that serves Asian oriental food?|There are two expensive Asian oriental restaurants in Cambridge, one in the north and the other in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Let's try the one in the north. I'd like to book a table for 4 at 19:00 on Wednesday, please.|I'm sorry, there were no more tables available. Would you like to try the other restaurant, or a different time?
I would like to try the other oriental restaurant for the same time 19:00 for party of 4.|I'm very sorry, neither of these restaurants have availability at that time on Wednesday.  Would you like to try another time/day?
Can any of them do a time at 18:00? I'll also need a taxi to travel inbetween two locations.|Your booking for Kymmoy restaurant was successful and your reference number is 5IFCHKNS. The information for you taxi is a Grey Tesla and its contact number is 07674543654.
Wonderful. Thanks for your help. That's all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves British food?|There are 6 matches, do you have a location preference?
Is one of them located in Centre? I will be staying over there and would like something close.|The Fitzbillies Restaurant is located in the city's centre at 51 Trumpington Street.  The phone number is 01223352500.
Thank you very much for the assistance.|Would you like a reservation?
No. I am also looking for a hotel. Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is on 56 saint barnabas road? Would you like me to book it?
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 6 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : QVRVE9AS. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all for today. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Would you be able to help me locate a restaurant in Cambridge?|We have many great places to eat in Cambridge. What kind of cuisine or price range are you looking for?
I am actually looking for an attraction rather than a place to eat.  Can you help me find a cinema?|There is a cinema in Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Would you like me to give you their phone number?
Can you tell me what postcode it's in?|Their post code is cb17dy. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a place to eat. Mexican food is good, it should be in the south and expensive.|Could you make a reservation for two this Thursday at 7:00 at chiquito restaurant bar?
No, I need a reservation for 4 on Saturday at 14:45.|The restaurant has been booked. Your reference number is 54JMT9OQ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I would like to also book a taxi and it should arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. Could you also please give me its contact number and car type?|I would be happy to book your taxi. I will need your departure location and pick up time to complete the reservation.
I would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant at the time I have it booked please|And where are you departing from?
I would be departing from the cinema at Cambridge Leisure Park.|I'm sorry.  I'm having trouble processing that.  Where are you leaving from again?
I am leaving from the cambridge cinema.|Okay, I have a black volvo scheduled to pick you up at Cineworld Cinema to take you to the Chiquito restaurant. The contact number is 07424735359. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.|Have a great time! Goodbye.
I need to find a hotel to stay in, some place with free parking. Thank you.|i have 29 options for you
Okay, thank you! I would like a 4-star hotel.|That narrowed it down some, but we still have plenty of options available.  Is there anything else you're looking for like a certain price range or maybe internet?
Any place in the south area of town?|I found two 4-star hotels in that area: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Yes the first hotel will do great, I need to book for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : PZ6RF1H0. is there anything else i could help you with?
I would also like to find a pricey Gastropub,|There are three expensive gastropub restaurants. Would you rather be in the centre or the east?
I would prefer the south.|Unfortunately the only restaurants that meet your criteria are in the centre or the east.
Can you look again? I thought I saw one in the south area the last time I was in town.|There are none in the south side of town.
Can you check all the gastropubs in town?|There are 4 gastropub restaurants in town. Three are located in the centre, one is in the east. Three are expensive, and one is moderate.
I'm sorry, I need a restaurant in the south.|There are no gastropub restaurants in the south. Would you like a different kind of food?
Yes, let's try an Italian restaurant in the south, please. There should be one.|I have two Italian restaurants in south. We have the pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with frankie and bennys. Do you have their phone number and address?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223412430 located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?|I can book a taxi but I need to know where you need to be picked up and dropped off. Is there a certain time?
I need to leave the hotel by 6 and head to the restaurant.|I have booked you with a red honda taxi. Their phone number is 07534551524. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, you were helpful|Thank you, any have a great day.
Can you help me find a hotel in the North part of Cambridge?|I have two moderately priced hotels in the north for you.  The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one?
Does it have internet?|They do both have internet.
I would like to book the Ashley Hotel.|Great I can take care of that.  How many people?  How long will you be there and when will your stay start?
There will be 7 of us arriving Sunday.  We will be staying 3 nights.|I was able to book the room for you the reference number is HQKA3TBW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am needing a restaurant that is the same price range as my hotel and in the same area.|There are two; The Golden Wok which is a Chinese place, and The Nirala, with Indian cuisine. Which would you prefer?
I will go with The Nirala since I love Indian food. Please book it for 11:00 for the 7 of us on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : E4J0YE8W. Anything else.
Yes, I want a taxi too. I'll need contact number and car type. It should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by 11:00|Okay, be on the lookout for a grey honda. The contact # is 07374179224
thanks very much to you! I am done now. Farewell!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a college in the centre of cambridge|There are several colleges in the center. May I suggest Saint Catharine's College?
OK, that sounds like a good idea. How much does it cost to visit?|The admission is free!
May I have the postcode, please?|Yes, the postcode is cb21rl. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like an expensive Vietnamese Restaurant in the Centre.|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants matching your requirements.
Are there any restaurants that serve italian food in the area?|There are 4 available, can i recommend, stazione restaurant and coffee bar?
Sure that sounds good. I want to book a table for 2 people at 12:45 on Tuesday.|Reference number is : A4RXHHPX. Is there anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a good day!|You too, thanks for calling!
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge|There are 110 place to dine in Cambridge. May I narrow the search by area, price range, and/or cuisine?
I would like a place in the centre of town, serves Indian food and on the expensive side.|The Curry Garden is an expensive restaurant located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
I will call them, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great rest of your day!
I am also looking for a hotel called the University Arms Hotel.|I found it. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like to book 5 nights starting Wednesday for 6 people. May I also have the reference number please.|Okay great! Your booking was successful. Your reference number is HMUH9F2T.
Great, can I also get a taxi as well.|Certainly! Is there any particular place you would like the Taxi to pick you up?
Yes from the restaurant to my hotel. I need to leave the restaurant by 17:00.|OK, we can get you a Blue Honda at 17:00 from the restaurant to the hotel .
Great, thanks. Could you give me their contact number?|Sure thing. Their contact number is 07128800156. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not at this time but your help has been appreciated.|Great, thank you for using our system!
Yes. I need a hotel with free parking. I would like it in the moderate price range.|We have quite a few of those. Do you have any other preferences? Price range, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.|There are 14 hotels that meet your criteria, do you have a preference in the area?
No I don't care about the area, but I do want a hotel and not a guest house.|Ashley hotel is a hotel located in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range. It also offers free parking and internet. Does this suit you?
That sounds good, can you also provide me with the star rating for it? Thanks|The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. Any suggestions for something fun?|There is a museum on 98 King Street named Broughton House Gallery.
That sounds interesting! May I have their phone number please? And what is the fee to get in?|Yes, their number is 01223314960 and the entry fee is free
I will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the Ashley hotel and Broughton House.|I am sorry. There must have been a system glitch. The phone number for the broughton house gallery is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for correcting that. Can you book a taxi for me? I'd like to go from the Broughton House to the hotel, and leave by 5:30.|I booked you a yellow volkswagen and their number is 07162096037
Thank you! I have everything I need now.|Okay great. Do not hesitate to call us if there is anything else you need.
I need a place to stay in cambridge that has wifi, and free parking please.|There are 29 places that match your request. Would you have a price range in mind or type of place?
The price range should be expensive and it should be a hotel.|There are 5 hotels that match your request. Was there a specific area you wanted to narrow it down to? We have hotels east, west, south, and in the centre,
I will take something in the centre of town. How many stars does that one have?|There are two hotels that meet your request. Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would one of these work for you?
Yes those are fine. I also need find an attraction in the centre of town to visit.|We have 44 attractions to choose from. Is there anything specific that you would like to see?
Anything will do, but I would like the address, entrance fee, and attraction type of whatever you pick.|all saints church is found in the jesus lane and entrance fee is free. its postal code is cb58bs
I'm visiting the north side of Cambridge, can you help me find a hotel there?|We have a few 2 star hotels with free internet and parking.  Can I get information on one of those?
Are there any 4 star?|I'm sorry no there is not. May I search gain with different criteria?
How about Guesthouse, instead?|Ah, there are a number of guesthouses with 4 stars in the north. Do you need free internet or parking?
Internet or parking doesn't matter. Which guesthouse do you recommend?|I recommend Archway House. They are located at 52 Gilbert Road in postcode CB43PE. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please. There will be 5 of us for 4 nights, starting on Monday.|You're all ready to go. Reference number is 3CM9X6CQ. Anything else I can help you with?
I would also like some help finding info on the La Margherita restaurant.|I will look that up for you.
It has been a few minutes and I swear I hear snoring on the other end, are you there?  Can I get that info?|I've located LA Margherita.  What information would you like about the restaurant?
I need to book it for the same group the same day at 20:00|I was able to book it, reference number is 4IOG1MD6.
Great.  I was also interested in getting a taxi, can you help me with that?|Absolutely! From where to where?
I would like to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I'd like to be at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay what time is that?
That time is 20:00.|Okay! I've booked you a white Ford. The contact number is 07081197533. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is OK for today|Okay, well if you think of anything else, you know where to find me! Otherwise, have a wonderful trip!
I'd like to find an interesting attraction in the city center.|There is lots to see in the centre. Were you looking for a certain type?
No I have nothing in particular in mind.|Would you be interested in architecture, a museum, or perhaps theatre?
Let's do a museum. Can you please send me the postcode, and phone number please.|we can do Museum of archaelogy and anthropology, it is in university of cambridge, downing street. code number cb23dz. their phone number is 01223333516
Thanks. I am also looking for somewhere to eat near the museum. I'd like to have Chinese food for dinner.|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre. What is your price range, please?
A moderate price range would be best.|There are 3 options. I recommend jinling noodle bar.
That sounds interesting. Can I get reservations for Thursday?|What time would you like?
I would like to reserve it for 11:15 for 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : YNWUFRQ4.
Great, now can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant from the museum in time for that reservation.|Booking completed! The car type is a black honda and the contact number is 07016630526. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, that's it for now! Have a good day!|Thank you and enjoy the city!
I'd like to go to an attraction in the east side of town.|There are 10 different attractions on the East side of town. Would you like to go to Funky Fun House? It is an entertainment attraction.
That sounds great. Do you have a contact number for them?|Certainly, the phone number for the funky fun house is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like to stay in an expensive place. It should be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I have found 33 hotels for you to consider.  Would you like it be located in the East part of town?
No I need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 4 nights, starting saturday|There is one hotel that fits your description, but it isn't available for 4 days.  Could you change arrival day or length of time?
How about one night?|Great, i have booked express by holiday inn cambridge for 7 people for 1 night starting Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5AGSV9JB. May I help with anything else?
i want a taxi to leave the hotel by 7:45. Please include contact number and car type|Sure I was able to book you a grey Volkswagen for 7:30 and your contact number is 07956540590.
Great. That is all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Okay thank you.
Yes, I'd like to book a taxi from clare college.|When do you need to leave from Clare College?
It should arrive by 04:00 please.|Where is the destination?
I'm going to sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.|Booking completed! Booked car type is grey volkswagen and their contact number is 07125735231
thank you|you are welcome, goodbye.
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range|la tasca is located in the centre. Do you need for me to book it ?
No, thats ok. Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
I just need to get it's address postcode and number please.|Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street, their postcode is cb21uf, and their phone number is 01223464630.
Ah, thanks.  Also, I'm looking for a museum to go to in the same area.  Can you recommend one?|there are eleven in that area. is there a particular type of museum you like? art, history, science?
Science is interesting. Could you give me the phone number and entrance fee?|There is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology or the whipple museum of the history of science - do you have a preference?
You can choose but I need their phone number, postcode and entrance fee.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology has a free entrance fee. The phone number is 01223333516. The postcode is CB23DZ.
Ok thank you. I will also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and museum.|What time do you need it to arrive?
I just need to leave the museum by 19:15.|Your taxi is booked. Look for a red lexus. Your contact number is 0777538009
Thank you so much.|You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all thank you very much. Goodbye|thanks for inquiring with us.
I need a taxi to go to a and b guest house and arrive by 03:45.|Okay, I will just need your departure site first please
I am leaving from all saints church.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	0701197295
I need a place to stay, some place with 4 stars and in the north.|There are number of moderately priced options and one that falls in the cheap price range. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like one in the moderate range.|Archway House is a very nice 4 star guesthouse in the area that is moderately priced.  Would you like to book a stay?
I think that one works. No need to book.|Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, tell me if the Archway House has free parking and please get me their postcode|The postal code is cb43pe.  Yes, it does have free parking.  Is there something else I can assist you with?
Can you help me find a nightclub to visit somewhere in the north?|I don't have any in the north, but I have several in the centre. Would you like to try one of those?
No, I want to stay in the same area. How about a park?|There is one park in the north. Would you like the info?
Yes. Could I get the entrance fee and phone number please?|Sure! Milton County Park is free, and their phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the hotel by 2:30 please.|I was able to find a taxi to take you from the hotel to the park. It will be a yellow volvo phone number is 07803372639.
That is all I needed today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
What sort of dining does Cambridge offer in the centre, in the moderate price range?|There are 21 different choices. What kind of food are you looking for?
I would like some christmas food.|I'm sorry. I could not find a restaurant that meets that criteria.  Would you like to try something else?
How about somewhere with Lebanese food?|Yes, there is a moderately priced Lebanese restaraunt in the centre named Ali Baba.  How does that sound?
That will work can you make a reservation and send me the reference number please?|of course, what day shall i make the reservation for?
Tuesday please at 18:15 for 6 people.|Your table at Ali Baba is booked, reference #NYH3ZPQN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I 'd like to find a hotel in the same area, one with three stars.|We have an expensive hotel called gonville hotel with free internet and parking. Would you be interested in booking a room here?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people?|Your booking at the Gonville Hotel was successful. The reference number is FHD472H3. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, you have been very helpful.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in town like a college in the centre.|There are several colleges in the centre area, they range in entrance fees from free to 2 pounds, is there a particular price range you're looking for?
Not really. Surprise me! I'll need the phone number, address, and postcode of your favorite, please.|Well, the downing college is located on regent street cb21dq. Their phone number is 01223334860
Great. Are there any restaurants that serve African food? Something high-end, of course.|You are in luck! I have just the place. Bedouin is in the centre of town. Shall I book you a table?
That does sound like just the place.|Do you want me to go ahead an make reservations for you?
Yes please, I'd like a table for 2 at 18:45 on Thursday.|I booked in the Bedouin African restaurant, the Reference number is GDYBQQS2.
Thanks. I also need a taxi.|Would you like to leave from bedouin?
I would like to lease form the college and arrive at the restaurant at the booked time please|I have arranged for a White Volvo to drive you. The contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
No, you have tremendously helpful. Thank you!|No problem at all, enjoy your meal.
I need to book a taxi to come to Nandos City Centre. I need it here by 04:00.|I'd be happy to book that for you. Where will you be heading?
i'm going to warworth house.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07116555709
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town, is there a specific type of food you would like?
Is there any Turkish cuisine? If so I need the postcode and the address.|The Meze Bar restaurant matches your tastes. It is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. The postcode is cb13nf.
I am also looking for museums in the area.|There are many museums listed in the centre area, what kind of museum are you interested in?
I don't really care, what do you recommend?  I will need the postcode and entrance fee please.|How about Cambridge Contemporary Art? The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21su. Enjoy!
Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.|Certainly. When would you like your taxi to depart?
I need to arrive at Cambridge Contemporary Art by 19:15 please.|No problem.  Your taxi has been reserved.  Your driver's contact number is 07035811281 and will be driving a grey toyota. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, thank you!|Okay, have a nice day.
Can I book a taxi today, please? I'm going to Avalon.|I would be happy to help you. First I will need to know where you are departing from and what time you want to arrive/depart.
Pick me up at the pizza express Fen Ditton and take me to the avalon before 21:00.  Can I get the car type and contact number?|A red lexus will pick you up by 21:00. Your contact number is 07323820078.
I need to be at the avalon by 21:00. The taxi will have to arrive slightly earlier to get me to my destination on time.|Oh, I am very sorry for my error.  You will arrive at Avalon by 21:00.  I reserved a blue lexus with new contact # 07060980339.
Thank you so much for your help.|Let me know if there is anything else you need.
I need a taxi to take me to cineworld cinema by 9:15|I'd be happy to help with your booking, first I'll need to know where you would like picked up from.
I want to be picked up from the golden curry|Alright, a blue skoda has been booked. The contact number is 07727382876. Do you need any additional help today?
No, that's everything! Thanks a ton!|Have a great day!
I need to book a taxi.|I can help with that! Where do you need to be picked up, where are you headed, and at what time?
I would like to be picked up at the Holy Trinity Church, and arrive at Cocum by 3:15.|A grey ford is booked. Contact number 07091291573
Thanks for everything, that is all I need.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.
You too! Thanks again, goodbye!|You're very welcome. Good Bye.
Hi- I need a place to stay that that includes free parking in the north end of Cambridge|Okay. We've got eleven matches for that description. Do you have a star rating you'd like to stay within?
No, I don't care about that really.  I'd like an expensive place though.|I'm not showing any that are listed as expensive.  There are several moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses.  Would that fit your needs?
Yes, I guess I can live with that.|How about the Acorn Guest House?  It's a 4 star hotel with internet and parking.
Ok and what is their phone number?|The phone number is 0122335388.  Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any attractions in town to visit that you suggest? Do you have anything with boats near the hotel?|There is one. riverboat georgina. 01223902091 is their phone number. Is there anything else?
Yeah I need their address as well.|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I'm going to need a taxi to get me from my hotel to the riverboat.|When do you want to leave?
I need to leave the hotel by 08:00.|I have booked your taxi look for a red toyota with a contact number of 07669245268.
Thank you so much for all your help!|You are welcome, have a great day.
Help me reserve a taxi to take me to kambar|Sure! What is your departure site?
I need to leave from lovell lodge|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter. I just want to leave there after 10:45|Okay I booked your taxi successfully
Great, what are the details, please?|A white honda will be picking you up, the contact number is 07580557287.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now. Thank you. Goodbye.|Great.  Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Thanks.|Sure, it's located at 82 arbury road. Do you want their phone number?
Yes I need to know whether they have free parking, star of the hotel, and phone number.|The arbury lodge guesthouse is a 4 star hotel that offers free parking. You can reach their front desk at 01223364319. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant. I'd like it to serve expensive bistro food.|There are none that serve that sort. Is there another kind you would like?
Is there a cheaper bistro?|Unfortunately not. Is there another type of music you would like?
Okay how about Thai food?|I would rater have some chinese please.
What is the address and post code of the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?|The address is 82 arbury road postcode cb42je.
Sorry for digressing. I am still looking for an expensive Thai restaurant in the center of town. Can you check?|bangkok city fits your description. can we book for you?
Can I get their address and postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23jx	and their address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi, please.|Certainly, from what location to what location?
From the restaurant to the hotel.|I can take care of that for you.  What time would you like to be picked up?
I would like to be picked up by 01:15 if at all possible, thanks.|Taxi has been books. It will be a blue tesla, contact number 07585251090. Have you made a decision on type of food you would like?
Thanks for the help.|Are you wanting a reservation for Bangkok City for thai?
No, I just needed the information on that, I am all set.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Ok, have a great day!
I want to check out a theater in the south area of cambridge.|There is one theater located in southern Cambridge. The Junction is located on Clifton Way, cb17gx. You may can 21223511511 for more information.,
What is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately I don't have that information. But, again, you could call them at 01223511511 for that information.
What is the postcode?|Postal code is cb17gx, the address is clifton way.
Can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the centre, that has free internet and free parking?|There are not any in the area that match your requirements.  Would you like me to check another area?
How about one in the south?|Yeah, there are two in the south.  Aylesbray Lodge and Bridge Guest House.  Do you have a preference between the two?
no, i don't. I just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.|I have made your booking and here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : O8FKIXR2.
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel.|What will be your destination and arrival or departure times?
I need to go to the theatre. I need to leave the hotel by 13:00.|Please state your departure site and destination site so I can book that taxi.
From the hotel that was booked for me|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Tesla and the contact number is 07767786743.
thanks alot for helping. have a good day|You're welcome, and thank you, likewise!
I would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the centre while I am here in Cambridge.|Is there a food type you have a preference for? Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Indian are just some of the choices.
No, I don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap.  I will need a reservation for 1 person at 14:45 on Monday.|Okay, I've got the dojo noddle bar in the centre of town that serves cheap food.  How will that be?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on monday, please. I also need the reference number.|I have booked the restaurant for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is Y3MGYYH6.
I also need a hotel that is near the restaurant.|There a 5 places in the centre. Do you have a preferred price range?
No price range. I do need it to have free wifi and parking though. Can you tell me what star that hotel would be?|How about el shaddai? It has free parking and wifi and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good. What is it's star rating, please?|The star rating is 0. Would you still like me to book this hotel for you?
I don't need a booking, but I need a taxi commuting between that hotel and the booked restaurant.|Taxi booking completed! Your car is a Grey Audi, their contact number is 07263703306.
Great thank you very much|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive by the booked time?|Yes, your taxi will arrive by the booked time of 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Just the telephone number of the taxi please.|The contact number is 07263703306. Can I provide any further assistance today?
Thanks I have everything I need. Goodbye!|Great. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre
I am looking for a place to stay|I will definitely be able to help you with that. Did you want a hotel or a guest house?
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.|There are a lot of guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you want to stay in a particular area?
No, I don't care about the location. I do want a 4 star place though.|The acorn guest house has a 4 star rating and is in the moderate price range. It is in the north area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes. Where is a good expensive restaurant in the West area of town?|There are nine expensive restaurants in the west, is there a particular type of food that you are interested in?
Can you give me some examples of the type of cuisine that is available?|There's british, european, indian, and thai.
What's the address, postcode and phone number of the thai restaurant?|Sala Thong serves Thai food and is located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help with a booking?
Yes can you please book that for me?|What day and time would you like me to reserve the restaurant for?
let's book it for wednesday please.|How many people will the booking be for and what time would you prefer the booking to be at?
I think we're jumping way ahead of ourselves here. Let's start afresh. Please get me the address to the acorn and then we can proceed with getting a taxi|The address to acorn is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you! Good bye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. It was a pleasure to help you.
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of Cambridge. Preferably a 4 star or greater. Can you recommend one?|There are 8 hotels that meet that criteria. Would the Acorn Guest House work for you? It has free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Actually, I'm looking for a college to the west. Can I get their phone number and address?|Any particular college you are looking for?
No particular college, but it must be in the western part of town.|How about Churchill College?
Can I get their address and phone number?|They are located on Storey's Way.  Thier phone number is 01223336233. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north with free parking.|There are several. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
It doesn't matter.  Just use your best judgement.|acorn guest house	would be nice for you
I need a taxi to come to cambridge museum of technology by 3:45.|Of course, I just need to know your destination so I can book that for you.
I'm going to cambridge museum of tehcnology|What is the departure site?
I need to be picked up from don pasquale pizzeria. Please give me a contact number and vehicle type to expect as well.|Booking completed! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07411902572
thanks that's all for today .|I need a taxi to take me from Don Pasquale pizzeria to Cambridge  museum of technology at 03:45.
I'm sorry my taxi has already been booked.  Thank you for your help.|There will be a red audi at don pasquale pizzera to take you to the cambridge museum at 03:45. Contact number: 07411902572
I am looking for a nice bistro in Cambridge, moderately priced would be good.|unfortunately i don't have anything in that price range
There's nothing moderate in all of the centre area?  Or just bistro food?|We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the center, just no Bistro, sorry.
Is there a gastropub in that area instead?|Yes, we have one and it's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, let's book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.|Alright, your reservation is made with reference number V76UTC2C. Can I help you with anything else?
i also need a hotel room for two nights and 1 person and must have free parking|What area do you need it to be in?
In the centre please|What price range?
Not price specific but I want something 0 star.|I think El Shaddai would be perfect for you.  It's in the centre of town, 0 star, and has free wifi and parking.  Can I book for you?
Does it have internet?|Yes it does and is included in the price!
Could I have the phone number and type of hotel? Also need a taxi to the restaurant and arrive by the booked time. Provide the contact number and car type.|The phone number is 01223327978.
thank you that will be all|Okay, but do you still need a taxi?
yes i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|to which direction will you be going?
Going from El Shaddai to the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar, and I need to arrive in time for my reservation at the restaurant.|OKay I will look into this for you and be back in a moment.
Thank you. I appreciate your quick response.|It looks like you will arrive by 14:45. Your booking is complete and the car type is grey audi. The contact number is 07534462642.
I'd like a taxi to take me to the missing sock and need to be there by 14:15|Ok. What is your departure site?
I'll be leaving from a and b guest house please.|I have booked you a yellow audi, the contact number is 07771726102.  Will there be anything else?
That is all. Thank you.|Glad to help. Goodbye!
I am looking for a good hotel in north Cambridge.|The acorn guest house is a nice guesthouse.  Would that work?
Does it have a 4 star rating?  I would like a place with four stars?|Yes it does. Would you like to book?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 4 nights staring from Thursday.|The booking was successful.
Your reference number is : A9VM6FAU.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
I would also like more info about Pizza Hut in the city center.|There is a Pizza Hut on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I want a reservation for thursday at 19:30 and 5 people. Give me the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PURZ5YVG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I will need a taxi to go between the two places.|Please specify for the taxi which location you'll depart from and which is the destination. Also I need a time to leave at or arrive by
Depart the hotel and arrive at restaurant by booked time. I need car type and contact info|I have made that booking for you. It will be a white ford and the contact number is 07171542462.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else? If not, goodbye have a nice day
I need a taxi going to alexander bed and breafast.|I can help with that. Do you have a time in mind?
I need to get there by 7:30 AM.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I am leaving from abbey pool and astroturf pitch.|I have booked your taxi and it is a black ford.
Great, thanks! Is there a contact number available?|Yes. The contact number for the black Ford is 07561050522.
Got it. Thanks much. Goodbye.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a place to get a boat. Can you help me?|Yes I have locations on the east, north and city center. Any preference for location?
No, I don't have any preference. You can just pick whichever one looks best and give me the phone number, address, and area.|No problem. There is the Riverboar Georgina which is located in the north side of town. The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruises, Jubilee House and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great! I also need a hotel while I am there. I do need free parking but internet is optional.|Alright. There are a total of 29 hotels and guesthouses available. Is there a certain price range or area you wish?
I would like a three star hotel, do not care about price.|Gonville Hotel is a three star hotel with parking and is in the centre area.  Does this sound good?
Yes that sounds fine. I would like to book a reservation please.|I'd be happy to make that reservation for you. What days would you like to stay there, and how many are in your party?
Can you make that for starting monday, 4 nights and 7 people?|The booking was successful! Your reference number is UR6L3NLS. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to get a taxi to go between them, please.|We can certainly help with that. Are you heading to the boat or to the hotel, and what time do you need the taxi?
I need to leave the hotel by 5:00.|I was able to get a red volvo for you phone number 07586716905
Thank you very much for helping me today!|Not a problem and thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre
I need help with a particular hotel, can you do that?|Yes, I have the database ready, do you want info on a specific hotel or a search?
I'd like a hotel named Warkworth House, and am interested in booking for 8 people starting on Saturday.|How many people?
8 people, for 3 nights.|What day of the week will you need that?
Does saturday work?|Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is HKW4G2VT.
Could you give me information on Cambridge and County folk museum?|It's a museum located at 2-3 castle street on the west side of town. Postcode is cb30aq and the phone number is 01223355159. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Thank you. I'd also like to get a taxi between these two places.|Can you specify a departure or arrival time?
We want to leave the hotel by 24:15. What is the contact number and car type?|You have a booking for a black volvo at 24:15. Contact number, 07253606087.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system today!
What museums are there in the north area of town?|I'm sorry. There are none.
How about a swimming pool then?|King Hedges Learner Pool is located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Thank you. I just need the phone number and I'm wondering how much the entrance fee is?|Yes of course their telephone number is 01223353248 and I do not unfortunately have information on their entrance cost at this time.
Thanks, that sounds great.  Can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?|There are 2 cheap options in the North by the pool. Royal Spice serves Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian. Do you have a preference?
I am actually looking for a restaurant that serves scottish food.|I am sorry there are not any restaurants that serve Scottish food in the north area. Would you like to broaden your area?
How about Italian food?|Yes, da vinci pizzeria is in the north and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes please.  There will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on Tuesday at 17:45.|I am very sorry that time was not available at da vinci pizzeria. Would you like to try a different time/day?
How about 16:45 on Tuesday? Can I have the reference number?|I'm sorry, that time is not available either.  Would you like to try another one?
15:45, 18:45, if not Is there another italian restaurant that I could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?|I am very sorry, our system was giving me an error, but I have managed to book your party of 5 at 16:45 on Tuesday. Your reference number is  XRR7UTLU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I have a taxi that can take you from the King Hedges Pool to the restaurant, arriving there by your reservation time of 16:45. Will that work for you?
What is the contact number and what will be the car type?|Contact number is 07516311076, car type is a grey Ford.
Thank you so much!|Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again! Bye.|Okay enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you find me a taxi from backstreet bistro? I can't leave until after 14:15.|Ok, what is your destination?
I want to be taken to cineworld cinema|When do you need to arrive?
By 15 00 and I need car type and contact number|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07336608269
Thanks for all your help. Goodbye.|What time do you need to be at the cineworld Cinema?
Can you help me find a resturant?|I can do that. I have 110 restaurants listed. Do you have a price range, a specific part of town or a specific kind of food in mind?
I am looking at the Missing Sock. I need to book it Monday at 19:15 for 6 people.|Your table is reserved for Monday at 19:15 for 6 people. The reference number is ZH5IHCZV.
Great, how about finding a cool place for us to check out in the centre area also?|What would you like to do? If you like music, I would recommend the man on the moon. It's a concert hall located at 2 norfolk street.
I want to visit an entertainment attraction please|We don't have any entertainment attractions in the center. Would you like to try another area.
What about any museums in the centre of town?|There are 11 options. I personally recommend castle galleries. It is free to visit.
Thank you, can you give me the phone number and postcode?|Sure. The postcode for Castle Galleries is cb23bj and the phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I want a taxi. I'll depart from the attraction and go to the restaurant, arriving by 19:15. Please give me the car and contact info.|Booking completed! Booked car type yellow skoda Contact number 07348916006. May I help with anything else ?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay
Hello! I'm looking for a museum to go to.|Cambridge has so many great museums to choose from, what sort of museum are you interested in visiting?
I would like any type of museum that is located in the centre of town. Can you provide me with an address?|There are 11 museums in that area. Would you like to learn about all of them?
No, can you choose the best one for me and give me the address?|I would recommend Cambridge Contemporary Art at 6 Trinity Street.
Thank you I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and 4 stars and in the west of town.|I'm showing 33 hotel and guesthouses in the centre. What is your price range, do you want wifi and parking? If this is not a good area I can look more.
I have no price range but it needs to be 4 star.|Found 2 hotels with 4 star 1 expensive and the other is cheap which one will you prefer?
Which on is in the west?|I'm happy to tell you that i found three 4 star hotels on the West part of town.  Can I book one for you or assist you further?
No, I just need the postcode please.|The postcode is cb30nd.
I also need taxi to take me from the Museum  at  22:00 to the hotel, get me the contact number and car type for the taxi.|I'm sorry for the confusion, what hotel did you choose so that I can book the taxi for the correct location?
I am not sure of the name, you did not provide it.|I am sorry about that, we are swamped right now. The name is called finches bed and breakfast, sorry for any confusion.
Okay, so then book the taxi as requested please, and again do not forget the car type and contact number|Of course, a yellow ford has been booked for you. They can be reached at 07814309592. will that be all today?
No that's all I need today. Thanks so much.|You are welcome and enjoy.
I need to book a taxi to arrive by 18:15 to take me to India House.|No problem, but first can you tell me where you need to leave from?
Autumn house. I also need car type and contact number|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07514562305
I would like to find a museum in the west.|There 7 great museums in that area is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
No, not really. Which one is your favorite?|Cafe jello gallery is amazing. Admission is free. The phone number is 01223312112. It is located at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, there is, could I fine a place to eat with a moderate price range in the same area?|There are three choices, a british, italian and indian, place, any preference among those?
I really like Italian food.  What are the options?|I have Prezzo that is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west. They are located at 21-24 Northhampton Road. Did you need a reservation?
Yes on Tuesday at 13:45. There will be 2 of us.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8Z0BBWCE. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I need to book a taxi from the museum to the restaurant.|Okay great. I completed your booking. The car type will be a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07076762321
I need to make sure I get there by the booking time of 13:45. Can you double check?|Sure.  I have double checked, and everything looks good.  Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|you're welcome, have a great day!
is there a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre?|Yes, there are 3! Backstreet Bistro is my favorite, but they're a bit expensive. The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is more moderately priced, and also wonderful.
What is the address of Backstreet Bistro?|The address is 2 Sturton Street. Post code is cb12qa.
I am also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant. Any suggestions?|There is a lot of things to do in the centre. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
What sort of entertainment options are there?|Sorry, nothing comes up for that search. Would you care to try a different area or type?
Yes, can you check for concerthall?|There are no concert halls in that area.
There are none in the entire city center?|I must have overlooked it. The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre area.
Will you be able to book that for me tonight?|They don't take reservations, they are at 2 norfolk st
may i have the phone number, postcode, and address ?|Sure their address is 2 norfolk st and their post code is cb12lf and the phone number is 01223474144, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like that taxi, and which site is your departure?
I want to leave the restaurant and I want to leave by 10:15.|Your driver will arrive in a black Volkswagen. You can call or text them at 07030408107.
Thanks so much. I don't need anything further. Bye!|You're welcome. Bye.
I am looking for some places to go in town.  I'm so excited about seeing some of the local attractions.|There are many to choose from! Almost 80. Can you tell me if you have a certain type of place you want to visit?
What do you recommend? I will be need the address, entrance fee, and postcode for what you recommend please.|I honestly recommend visiting a famous college such as Christs or Magdalene.
Could I have the address, entrance fee, and postcode.|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and postcode CB23BU. There is no entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet.|There are about 33 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to a certain area of town and price range?
I'm sorry,was Christ's College in the centre?  I did need something in that area.|Yes it is in the centre.
Is there one in the centre with free parking|Sorry, parking isn't something that is mentioned for attractions.
Okay. I'd like a hotel that includes free parking then.|alexander bed and breakfast would meet those needs. could i look for something else? or can i book a stay here at this one?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.|I have your rooms booked. The reference number is : OGBAZ8XW. KIs there anything else i can assist you with today?
Great I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where will you be leaving from?  What time would you like to leave?
i want to leave by 10:45|I've got a ride for you. A yellow Skoda. Their phone number is 07546403281
Great, thanks!  That's everything I needed.|Perfect. I hope you have a wonderful stay. Goodbye.
Find me a college in the centre, please.|There are thirteen to choose from. Downing College is nice, and of course there's always Trinity College. Can I get you more information about them, or one of the others?
Maybe Trinity College. What's their entrance fee, phone number, and what postcode are they in, please?|Entrance fee is just 1 pound.  Their phone is 01223338400 and post code is cb21tq.  Does that sound good to you?
Yes thank you.  I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same area.|Any criteria come in mind for the restaurant as far as price, location, type of food?
Would like to dine somewhere with a moderate price range.|The Oak Bistro is a nice British Restaurant in the centre.  Does that sound appetizing?
Does that serve European food?|Yes it does serve European food. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like a table for 2 on Tuesday at 18:45 if that's possible.|My apologies.  The Oak Bistro is a British restaurant, but if you want a restaurant that specializes in European food, I'd suggest Galleria.  How about booking that?
Sounds good. I need it for 2 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.|I was able to successfully book you for 2 at 18:45 on Tuesday at Galleria. The reference number is  MWT848BZ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
I just want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time. When would you recommend I schedule the cab?|I can schedule a taxi for you from here, I can book one for the closest time to 18:45.
Great, can I get the contact number and the car type?|Sure, look for a white Tesla.  The reference number is 07472267746.  May I be of further assistance to you today?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I want to find a place to stay on the south side.  I want free wifi too.|There are a handful of locations in the area that suit your needs. I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, a four star hotel with free wifi at an affordable price.
That sounds great, as long as it has free parking and is a guesthouse type of hotel.|It fills both of those criteria. Do you want me to book it?
Can you tell me the price range? I also need the address.|There at three different price ranges. Do you prefer cheap, moderate, or expensive?
It does not matter. But do tell me the address and price range of the place you book for me.|What day would you like to book?
Please book it for 4 people at 11:45 on Monday.|Before I can book it, I would need some more information.  How many days you would like to stay?
What is the address and price range of Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel. their phone number is 122 351 2596.
i would like to book it for seven days, four people, can you do that for me?|I would be happy to book that for you, but first I want to confirm you want to start your stay on Monday is that correct?
That is correct. I'll need a restaurant booked as well, in the same area and serving Italian cuisine.|I have 2 italian restaurants for you. I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Frankie and Benny's. Can I make you a reservation at one of those?
I'll take Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.  I'd like a table for 4 at 11:45 on Monday.|I am sorry but there is not an availability meeting your criteria. Would you like to change your day or time so I can try again?
How about 10:45?|I was able to reserve a table for you. The reference number is 8HB1J70L.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take us from the hotel to the restaurant that will arrive by 10:45. Can you do that for me?|I was able to book a taxi for you. It is a grey Toyota and the contact number is 07075458208. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that's all the info I needed today|You're very welcome, glad I could help! Have a good day.
I could really go for some Italian food - is there a good place in the city centre?|Yes we have 9 Italian restaurants in that area. Do yo have a price range you'd like to stick to?
No price range but can you check in the centre of town?|If you want to splurge, I recommend Stazione. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. Luncheon for 7 at 12:45 this Monday, or 11:45 if the later is not available. Please get me a confirmation number too please.|You're all set! The reservation number is IGC0GLMU
Great.  Are there any interesting places to go in the area of that restaurant?|The  Broughton House Gallery is free and located at 98 King Street.
I was looking for a college.|christ's college is in the centre and admission is free
Great. Can I have the phone number?|Yes, that phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just a taxi from the church to the restaurant by the booking time please|It is booked for you in a yellow tesla, the contact number is 07059448074.
Great!  Thanks for all your help today!|Have a great day!
thanks again for all of your help, you've been great!|Have a great weekend.
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of Cambridge.|Sure what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about chinese food?|There 2 of them - the Hakka and the hotpot. Which one would you like to try?
book a table for 6 people at 11:15 on tuesday at the Hakka|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 48WF5G7X.  Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a hotel in the same area that has free parking.|The Hamilton Lodge sounds perfect for you. Would you like to know more?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do have internet. Shall I make a booking?
Yes please. I want 4 nights from tuesday, and for 6 people. Give me the reference number too.|Booking was successful, and your reference number is TDVD6XSM. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant.|I booked the taxi, it is a yellow tesla the contact number is 07809860598. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That is all, thank you for your help.|I'm glad we were able to help.
I'm looking for places to go in north Cambridge.|Sure, how does a swimming pool, park, or a boat sound?
The park sounds great, what is the postcode and entrance fee?|Milton Country Park is free to enter, and their postcode is cb46az.
Great, thanks. Also, can you give me some information on a place called the Curry Garden restaurant?|Of course, what information are you seeking?
I need the adress and phone number please|The curry gardens phone number is 01223302330 and address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else.
No that will be all thank you so much for your assistance.|Great.  Thanks for letting up assist you today!
i am looking for a swimming pool.|Sure, which part of town are you looking for?
The area doesn't really matter, can you pick a popular me for me?|Parkside Pools is centrally located and their address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a sri lankan restaurant.|I'm sorry. I'm not able to find anything that meets your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
hmm, what about chinese food?|Sure I've found an expensive place named yu garden in the east, would you like me to book something?
Yes, I'd like to take my husband there at 11:30 on Wednesday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number: 5R5C75ZP.
I'd also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant that arrives by the reservation time.|Sure.  What time would you like to leave?
As long as it arrives by 11:30  it doesnt matter when it leaves|Would you like me to reserve it for you.
Yes, please. I'll need the contact number and car type.|You're all set! It's a grey volvo. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the contact number is 07174343971.
Thank you, you were a great help. That's all I needed.|welcome and have a great day
have great day too|I'll be going now. Good-bye
I'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking|I've got the alpha-milton guest house which matches your needs and is in the north. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me the price of the room per night?|Not an exact price but it is moderate price range, do you want me to provide their info or book you?
Yes, give me their phone number and I will call them.|Sure, you can reach them at 01223311625.  Can I help you further today?
I also need to find  Portuguese restaurant in the south.|Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south area. Would you like a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?|it's a fairly inexpensive restaurant.
I want something in the moderate price range.|I have nothing that meets those requirements. Can I try something else?
What about modern European food?|Restaurant Alimentum is moderately priced modern european cuisine and is located in the South. Shall I book that for you?
No thank you I just need information right now. I would like the address and phone number.|The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Is there something else I can help with?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by 04:30, please.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volvo. Please call 07811154619 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
We're looking for some places to go in town. We'd like some information on pools and boating in the centre. Can you help with that?|Definitely! Are you more interested in a pool or a boat?
My kids are wanting to swim. What are the options in that area of town?|Here is an option in that part of town parkside pools.
Okay. May I have their telephone number, entrance fee and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223446100, postcode is cb11ly, and there is no entrance fee listed. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I keep hearing about this hotel called Home From Home. Can you tell me anything about it?|Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. It has free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 7 on sunday, please.|How many nights will you be staying?
It will be for 2 nights.|I have booked the hotel for Sunday for 7 people for 2 nights. Your reference number is SRSOTYZ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi between the two places.|Before I can book you a taxi, what time are you planning on leaving parkside pools to go to home from home?
I want to leave by 14:15.|I booked the taxi. It will be a red ford and their phone number is 07801759620.
Thanks.  You've been a great help today.|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No you have taken care of all my needs thank you so much and have a good day.|You're very welcome. It was a pleasure to help you. Good-bye.
Hi, I need to find an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Do you have a preference to area. There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants.
yes, I`d like an expensive Chinese restaurant in the area of south, thank you.|There are 2 expensive Chinese restaurants in the south side. The Peking Restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you also like information on the second one?
No, but can you book me a table for one of the south side ones? 3 people on Monday for 16:30.|Unfortunately I could not book you at that time slot at either of the expensive chinese hotels on the south side. Is there another time that would work for you?
How about 15:30? Are there any slots available then?|There is availability at the good luck chinese food takeaway and you have a reservation booked. The reference number is W06BBN75.
Alright. Now can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like the stick to the same price range as the restaurant, but I also need free WiFi.|There are 5 different hotels that fit this. They all have free internet and also parking. Did you have a certain area in town?
No, I do not have a certain area.|How about the Lensfield Hotel? It's also in the south. I can book this for you if you'd like.
I need a hotel that has a star rating of three, does the Lensfield Hotel fit into that?|It does have a 3 star rating, and free wifi and parking, would you like to book this hotel?
Yes go ahead can I please get the phone number as well?|The phone number is 01223355017. When would you like to stay, and for how many nights and people will the booking be?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|What time do you need the taxi, and do you need it from the restaurant or the hotel?
From the restaurant by the booked time.|Yes I have booked you a taxi and a blue Honda will be picking you up to arrive by 15:30. The contact number for the taxi is 07711738338.
Thank you very much for all your help.|Welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, I believe that does it.  Thanks again.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for information on the cambridge belfry hotel.|the cambridge belfry is cheap, located in the west, and has 4 stars. It has free internet and parking.
Can you book that for me?|Sure, when were you looking to book for?
I'm sorry i don't need that booked. Rather i need information on a place to dine. Preferably expensive and in the centre of town.|What about the Cambridge Chop House? It is located in the centre of town and has expensive food.
Sure that sounds great! Can you please give me their address, postcode and what type of food do they serve?|The Cambridge Chop House serves British cuisine and is located at 1 Kings Parade with a postcode of cb21sj.  Could I make a reservation for you?
Please make a taxi reservation for me.|I'd be happy to assist you, but I will need some more information. Where are you departing from and when would you like to leave?
I'm departing from the cambridge belfry and heading to the cambridge chop house.|What time would you like the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the restaurant by 22:15.  I will need the contact number and car type as well please.|The car type is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572111702. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you. I got all the information that I need. Thank you and have a good day.|You're welcome. Thank you very much for using our service.
I am looking for information on a hotel called Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Yes, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is located on 138 perne road and is located in the east. It has 4 stars and it's price range is moderate.
how is it rated and give me the phone number and post code|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is located at the cb13nx and is rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can I get the phone number for that please? I want to book directly through them.|The phone number is 01223247015
Can you help me find a British restaurant in a moderate price range?|We have 5 British restaurants that are in that price range.  Would you like to dine in the centre or the west?
Area doesn't matter. You can pick one and then please book it for me for 2 people on sunday at 16:30|i found one at the west i hope you will like it i will book it for you
Hello, I'm looking for a modern European restaurant. Got any?|You might like City Harvest. It's a very popular modern European restaurant.
Can you book it for me for 3 people at 14:00 on Wednesday?|I'm sorry, that restaurant seems to have closed.  I can reserve a table at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill if you'd like.
Yes, that is fine.  I also need a place to stay that has free parking and at least a three star rating, can you find one for me?|yes, i have 5 that meet that criteria.
i need one to be the same price range as the restaurant.|I found no hotels that are in the cheap price range like the restaurant.  Is there another price range or star rating you would consider?
Actually it should be in the moderate price range.|Would you like to try Hamilton lodge?
Yes. I will need it for three nights, 3 people starting Wednesday.|your booking was successful. Confirmation # is AJANORT5, anything else today?
No that was all I needed.|If you need anything else contact our help desk anytime. Have a good day.
I am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the centre of town.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east however. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.
No I want to stay in the centre.  Can you check if there are any concerthalls?|The man on the moon is in the centre part of town. It's address is 2 norfolk street. Would you like me to reserve a ticket?
Can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for The Man on the Moon?|The postcode for The Man on the Moon is cb12lf. You will need to give them a call at 01223474144 to find out the entrance fee.
I am also looking for a cheap vietnamese restaurant.|There is a vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh on the west side of town. It is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Ok, I'd like to book a table for 6 people at 17:15 on friday. Please give a reference number as well, thanks!|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the time you requested.  Reference number IYKHKOC7.
I'd also like a taxi that can get me to the restaurant on time.  I need a contact number and the car type.|Alright, I have your Taxi booked. It will be a Blue Volvo, contact number: 07461170081. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you for the help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a wonderful day.
Hello, I am new to town and would like some ideas on whee I should go in the centre.|There are 44 attractions you can view - is there a specific type of activity you're looking for?
No. Can you recommend a place I should go?|I can recommend the Vue Cinema at the grafton centre, east road. Would you like me to book tickets?
OK. What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing of their entrance fee in my system.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant in the centre of town.|I am sorry, I couldn't find such a restaurant. Would you like to change your preferences, perhaps a different type of cuisine?
I apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but I would like something preferably in the centre of town and how much it costs?|The Vue Cinema is in the centre, but the entry fee is not listed. Perhaps you'd prefer All Saint's Church, which is renowned for its Architecture, and offers free admittance?
No thank you. i'm looking for an indian restaurant|There are five Indian restaurants near the centre in the expensive price range. They are: curry garden, the golden curry, saffron brasserie, panahar, and curry king.
Let's go with curry garden. I need the postcode, address, and phone number to that please.|Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.
I also need a taxi from Vue Cinema to Curry Garden.  I need to leave Curry Garden by 14:45|I've booked your taxi - a grey toyota, contact number 07445683800 - but we should probably shore up the plans again. Is it Vue to Curry Garden or vice versa?
Vue to Curry. Thank you.|I apologize for the confusion. Currently, the taxi is set to depart Vue Cinema at 14:45 to go to Curry Garden. Does this need to be changed?
No. That is what I need.  Thank you!|Great!  Thank you for confirming that.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
This looks complete, thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to Cambridge.|There are plenty of restaurants in Cambridge, are you looking for anything in particular?
I'd like one that is cheap and in the city center.|Did you have a certain food type you wanted? I have chinese, asian, oriental, italian, spanish  and several other types.
I don't have a type preference.|would you be interested in dojo noodle bar?
Yes, that sounds interesting.  Can you also please find the hotel avalon.  Please let me know their address and whether they have free parking.|The Avalon address is 62 Gilbert Road and they do not have free parking.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at the restaurant?
I also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by 08:30.|What is your destination?
My destination is the dojo noodle bar.|look out for a yellow honda  and the contact will be 07009665644
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm looking for a steakhouse, please.|I'm sorry, there are 0 steakhouses in Cambridge. Perhaps another type of food?
What about asian oriental food?|There are 5. Dojo noodle bar looks to be a good match.
Yes, for four people, on Monday, at 15:00.|I am sorry I was not able to book that. Is there another restaurant or time you would be interested in?
How about 14:00 instead?|I was able to book that reservation for Monday at 14:00 for four people, reference number 7VB3NKTI. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I am also looking for a hotel.  Can you find the Acorn Guest House?|Yes, that is located North. would you like to book a room?
No, I would just like a phone number.  What area is that in?|The Acorn House is in the north and the phone number is 01223353888.
Great! I'll also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Certainly. Where will you be departing from?
I will be going from The Acorn House to the Dojo Noodle Bar.|I was able to get you that taxi. Be looking for a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07143451074. Anything else I can do?
That's all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Are there any boating activities available?|There are 4 boat attractions. What is your preferred area?
I don't care, what do you have?|Camboats is a great choice. It is located in the East area of town.  Would you like additional information for the company?
Yeah what's the address of Camboats? I also need an expensive place to eat.|Camboats address is The Plough, Green end, Fen Ditton.   Regarding restaurants I am showing an elegant Chinese restaurant, British Cuisine, and an upscale Gastropub near the Camboats location.
Do any of those serve molecular gastronomy food and in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there aren't any serving that type of food. Would you like to try something different?
How about something that serves seafood?|Yes, loch fyne is in town centre and serves seafood. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. Can I have the phone number, postcode and address though?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223362433. The address of Loch Fyne is The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, and the postcode is cb21qy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am going to need to get a taxi to leave the restaurant.|No problem.  We can get that booked for you.  Can you let me know where you will be going and what time you would like to leave or arrive?
Yes, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 09:30 to go to Camboats.|Your booking is completed. Your car will be a white bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything thank you very much.|Have a nice day!
You too! Bye!|Thank you, let us know if you need anymore help.
Could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced catalan restaurants?|I was unable to find any moderately priced Catalan restaurants. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes could we try one that serves British food?|I have more options of moderate british cuisine locales, any particular are you'd prefer?
No the area doesn't matter. I'd like to book a table for 7 on Sunday.|Okay. how bout trying The Oak Bistro?
Ok, book that place.|sure, how many people will be in your party?
We have seven people.|great, and what day and time?
It will on the same day for 3 nights.|3 nights... for the restaurant? You can only book a single day, did you want to book a hotel instead?
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 12:45?|I have your booking, the reference number is U8011RCM, any further questions?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4-star hotel.|Okay, I have three 4 star hotels available. Two are located on the west side and 1 in the centre. Do you have a preference for the area?
I do not have a preference.|Ok! I suggest the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have free parking and wifi? If so yes book it for 3 nights the same day please.|Yes, it has free wifi and parking. How many will I be booking for?
go ahead and book and give me the referrence number|I want to be sure I have the right information.  You want a booking for 7 people for 3 nights, right?  What day will you be arriving?
I will be arrving on sunday|Booking was successful the Reference number is : Q36UES95. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
So I can arrive at my location by the booked time you made.|Your taxi has been booked!  Your car is a Black BMW and contact number is: 07460105806.
I am at Club Salsa and I need to book a taxi to leave after 06:15.|Sure! What is your destination?
I need to go to the Cambridge arts theatre.|Your booking is all set. A black honda will be picking you up.
Wonderful, thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a good time!
You can help me by finding me a moderately priced place to stay in the East|There are 3 guesthouse in the east that are moderately priced. They are a and b guest house, carolina bed and breakfast, and warkworth house. WOuld you like to book one?
One that has free parking|Sure.  How about Carolina Bed and Breakfast?  It's located at 138 Peme Rd.  How many nights and how many people?  When will you need this?
I want to make a reservation for three people starting Monday. We will be staying for 2 nights.|Your Reference number is : 4K8MWGUW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a restaurant that serves Indian food in the same area as the hotel|There are five restaurants that meet that criteria.  Would you prefer an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
I prefer everything moderately priced.|Thanks for clarifying! I recommend Curry Prince located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. The same number of people on the same day. Please book for 3 people at 18:00 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YO377QCJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will also need to find a taxi.|I can book a taxi for you, no problem, I will just need to know when and where you will need the ride?
I need a taxi to drive us from the Carolina Bed & Breakfast to Curry Prince restaurant to arrive by my booked time of 18:00.|I have booked you a taxi to arrive at your destination by 18:00. It will be a grey honda and the contact number is 07912899437. Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you so much|Have a great trip.
Are there any good restaurants to go to near the college?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a particular type of food you were interested in?
No. Actually, just find me an attraction in the category of college.|Is there a certain area you would like?
I would like the something in the centre.|Emmanuel college is located at Saint Andrew's street and has free entrance. Would you like their phone number?
Yes can you please send me that.|their phone number is 01223334200.
Great. I would also like to find a polynesian restaurant in the centre area.|I'm sorry, but there are no Polynesian restaurants in our system.Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there any restaurant with European food instead?|yes there is one in the east i will recommend it to you.
I need a hotel in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars be located in the south area.|There are two guesthouses that fit your needs. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I don't care about price range.|How about rosa's bed and breakfast? It has internet and parking.
Okay so it has free parking. What is the price range? Also could i receive the phone number?|Rosa's is a cheap place to stay and the phone number is 01223512596!
Thank you! Could you help me find an indian food restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|There is one Indian restaurant in that area - Taj Tandoori. It is expensive. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. What information do you need from me?|What day and time would you like?
Monday at 7:00 p.m.|May I please get a phone number for the reservation?
Before that, can I please have the address, phone number and postcode for the restaurant?|Sure, the phone number is 01223412299. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton road, Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17aa.
I need a taxi to get there and will leave the restaurant by 16:15. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|Yes I have white Lexus picking you up at 16:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07932069775. Anything else?
Sounds great! That is all I need. Thanks.|Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I need a taxi at Peking Restaurant to take me to Royal Standard.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 16:15.|Okay. A red lexus will pick you up. They can be reached at 07101377388. Did you need anything else?
I think that is all I need, thank you!|You are more than welcome!
Can you help me find a restaurant located in the south area?|is there any type of food you would like ?
I would like Chinese food, please.|I have two with an expensive price range and one in the cheap range. Would any of those work for you?
book the expensive one a table for 4 people at 13:00 on monday|Both "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway" and "Peking Restaurant" are in the expensive range in the south. Which would you like me to try first?
It doesn't matter. Just book one for 4 people at 13:00 on Monday. I need the reference number.|I was able to get a table for 4 at the good luck Chinese food takeaway on Monday at 13:00. Your confirmation number is 06YU8WNX.
Great! I also need a place to stay in the same area as that restaurant, and I need free parking.|Your best bet in the south is the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. It's a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse.
I need it to include free wifi.|It does include internet along with free parking, shall I book you?
I just need the address please.|Sure the address is 5 mowbray road.
Can you help me book a taxi to get between the two?|Which one will be leaving from?
from the hotel to the restaurant, then back.|Alright I got your taxi and it will be a white Volkswagen and your contact number is 07658312417. Will that be all for today?
No that is all. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, any interesting colleges in town?|I am showing 18 colleges. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Not really.  Which do you think would be the most interesting to visit?|I would suggest Christ's college in the city centre or Corpus Christi college in the west.  Christ's college is free and Corpus Christi costs 2 pounds? Which do you want?
What is the postcode of Corpus Christi?|Their postcode is cb21rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in.|I have 24 guesthouses.  Let's narrow it down a bit.  Do you have a price range?
I need something with free parking and a 4 star rating.|That cuts it down to 16. I can recommend the Acorn guest house, or do you have a pricerange or area of town you want to stay in?
Pick any of them, please. Book it for 6 people and 3 nights, starting thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2WPLODLS.  is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you help me reserve a taxi to charlie chan?|Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to leave after 14:15.|And where should we have them pick you up?
I need to be picked up from 6742 North Ridgewood Court .|What time do you want to arrive by?
I don't care.|Where are you departing from?
kings hedges learner pool is where i am leaving from.|I have a red honda with contact number 07992450678.
Thank you! I think that is all I need for today.|Great! Have a nice day!
I am trying to find a public swimming pool. Do you know of any?|There are four public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
Do you have one in the centre area. That would be nice.|Yes, we have 1 pool in the centre named parkside pools. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee and can I get their number as well?|Of course, I'd be happy to provide that information. Unfortunately our system does not have information about their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223446100 so you can ask directly.
Great I am also looking for some info on a hotel called city centre north b and b|Sure, City Centre North B & B is a guesthouse on the north side, fairly cheap with 0 stars. Would you like to make a booking there?
Thank you but I would just like the address of the hotel for now. I will also need a taxi to be booked, though.|The address of the hotel is at 328a histon road and its postal code is cb43ht.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 22:30|I have a taxi, a blue volkswagen, set to pick you up from parkside pools at 22:30. Your contact number is 07804944337. Is there anything else?
No that is everything I needed.  Take care.  Thanks!|We hope you have a great time.
Hi, could you help me find out more information about  Panahar restaurant in your area?|Absolutely! Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes, I'd like a booking for Wednesday at 16:00 for 2 people.|9725NVQD is your reference number, is there any thing else that I can do for you?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help.|That was quick, are you sure you do not need any other assistance?
I need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with free wifi.|I found 3 hotels in the Centre with free Wifi. Price range from moderate to expensive and from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
i would like something expensive|It seems there are two options that meet your criteria. The Gonville hotel has 3 stars and the University Arms hotel has 4.
The Gonville is fine, I need it's postcode and phone number, thanks!|Their postcode is cb11ly and phone number is 01223366611.  Is there anything else you need to know?
Nothing else about the hotel, but I will need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. Could you arrange this?|I sure can.  At what time would you like to leave Gonville Hotel?
I'd just like to make sure I make it to the restaurant in time for my reservation, please.|I need a travel time please.
I need to get from the Gonville hotel to the Panahar restaurant by my reservation at 16:00.|I've booked your taxi. It will be a black volkswagen, contact number	:	07720277206. Can I help with anything else?
All set.  Thank you.|thanks for using our services. have a good day
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town?|Sure, I can help with that. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking for?
No preference really. whatever you recommend|How about asian oriental that is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
cool I would need the address, postcode, and phone number.|Okay, the yippee noodle bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre postal code cb11lh and it's number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, great. I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area. I'd like it to be multiple sports.|How about the cherry hinton village centre?
That sounds perfect! Do you know the entrance fee?|There is no information on the entrance fee since there are a variety of facilities. Anything else I can help with?
I need to book a taxi to commute between the 2 places. I want to leave the restaurant by 14:30.|Where will you be headed?
I'll be headed to the Cherry Hinton, of course.|Great. You should expect a blue volkswagen . You can contact them on 07261965496
Thank you! That's all I need for now.|Great, I hope you have a great visit!
THanks so much you have been a huge help.|Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a swimmingpool attraction in the centre.|There is one, Parkside Pools, located at Gonvill Place. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
What is the entrance fee?|My apologies. I do not show the entrance fee in my database, but if you call them, I'm sure they can give you that information.
Okay.  I need some information on an Italian Restaurant in the expensive range.  Can you help me?|There are about 5 different restaurants that have great italian food. Did you have a preference on the area of town?
Yes I need the restaurant to be in the centre.|I think Clowns Cafe would be perfect for you. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Before you do that, is it expensive and in the same area as the swimming pool you recommended?|yes, it is expensive and in the centre.
Do they have a table available for 3 people at 11:00 on Monday?|yes, shall i go ahead and reserve a table for you?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello.  I'm looking for a museum to visit while I am in Cambridge.|there are several museums in Cambridge, which area would you like? there is broughton house gallery, cambridge artworks and several others. any preference?
I would like someplace in the center of town, please.|I'd recommend the broughton house gallery on 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Please give me their postcode too.|Sure. Postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a Hotel named Worth House.|Sure, its in the north, is rated 4 stars and is located at 152 chesterton road. Is there anything else? Do you want me to book it?
Does that hotel have free parking? What price range is it in?|The hotel is in the cheap price range and does come with parking. Would you like a reservation?
could I have the phone number please|Sure, it is 01223316074. Anything else you need?
Can you help  me book a taxi between the Broughton House Gallery and the hotel?  I want to leave the Gallery by 20:15|I have booked a taxi for you, it is a white lexus and you can contact them with the number 07850136314. Did you need anything else?
That's all I need.  Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for information on place to go.|What area of town are you interested in going to?
I would like to go to the centre of town|I would recommend All Saints Church. They are located on Jesus Lane.
I would like to go to a college. Do you have any colleges in the centre?|There are 13 colleges in the area ranging from free to several pounds admission.  I'd suggest christ's college and it's free!
That sounds great, what's the postcode please?|The postal code is cb23bu.
I am also trying to find an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.|We have 14 restaurants matching your query. Do you have an area preference?
No can you just recommend your favorite to me please|I would suggest the curry garden.
That sounds great! Please book it for Thurdsday, at 14:45, and for 3 people.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Okay. Well, how about 13:45? Is that time available?|Your table is booked for 13:45, Ref#5VXVB79S. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great, I also need a taxi to go between the two!|A black ford will be picking you up before 13:45 the contact number is 07421810927 is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything I needed. Have a great night.|Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Before you go--I'm a bit confused. Is the taxi picking me up at the college? At what time? I need to make my reservation at 13:45.|Yes, it's picking you up there and taking you to the restaurant in time for your reservation.
Okay, thanks. I'm all set. Goodbye!|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hello! I'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern global food in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no Modern Global restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Hmm, okay, I guess I could settle for Italian. Are there any of those in the centre of town?|We have nine Italian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
Moderate price range is fine. I will need a reservation for 5 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.|I recommend pizza express. You're booked for 14:15, and the table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is MBGJNXHM. Do you need anything else?
No, you were very helpful, thanks for everything.|You are very welcome.  Enjoy your dinner party!
I actually could use some help finding a place to stay also.|OK, do you have any specifics in mind, such as area or price range?
I like nice places, so definitely something expensive. I do want it to have free wifi though.|There are about 5 options. All are hotels and expensive. They are located all over. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I know this sounds crazy, but I'm looking for an expensive  hotel with a 0 star rating. The area doesn't matter so much.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything matching your criteria. Can I adjust the star rating or price range?
How about a 4 star rating. I need it booked for 5 people, 4 nights starting from Tuesday and I will need the reference number.|No problem! I booked you the University Arms Hotel located in the Centre, reference number 9DOCJURL. May I help with something else?
Thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi between the two places, arriving at the restaurant by the time of the reservation?|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a red Skoda. Please call 07595199284 should you need them.
that will be it for now. good day|I'm glad I could assist you today. Good-bye.
please find me a place to go in the centre|There are many places to go in the centre of town, what types of places do you want to visit?
What's the postcode for your favorite attraction?|My favorite attraction in the centre of town is The Man on the Moon. It's a concerthall. Their postcode is CB12LF. Would you like more information?
Thanks! I am looking forward to checking it out. Can you help me in finding a guesthouse to stay at for tonight?|There are 24 guesthouses available. Did you have any other criteria?
Yes, I would like it to be a 3 star place in a moderate price range.  Also, free wifi.|I found 3 guesthouses that meet your request; is there an area you prefer?
No preference, however, I do need a guesthouse for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.  Once you have booked, please provide the reference number.  Thank you.|I suggest the bridge guest house and I can make a reservation right now for you. What are your dates?
8 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Reference number is : JOYGNDZ0. What else may I do for you?
Thanks I also need a taxi that will leave The Man on the Moon by 07:00|Ok great, and where will you need to go?
To Bridge Guest House please.|Booking completed 
Booked car type	:	white tesla
Contact number	:	07099497147
that is it. have a great day|you are welcome
I'm finished now. Thank you.|You're welcom. good bye.
Howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the alexander bed and breakfast|it is a cheap guest house located in the centre.  you want their phone number?
I would like the address please.|They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Do you need help with anything else today?
Could you provide me with the star rating of the Alexander bed and breakfast?|They are 4 stars. Does that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect! Can you also find a restaurant in the centre? I'm looking for Mediterranean, but not too expensive.|The Gardenia is your best bet. It's cheap, but fantastic. Would you like to book a table?
I need the phone number, address, and postcode|The phone number is 01223356354.
I need the address and postcode.  I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 19:00.  I need the contact number and car type please.|The gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their post code is cb23ll.  I can help you with the taxi. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing the hotel by 19:00.|I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a yellow Skoda. Should you need to reach them, please call 07153240944.
Great, thanks for your help!|Thank you anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|I glad we could assist you today. Feel free to contact us anytime, and have a pleasant trip.
I need to find a place to stay in the south, it does not matter if parking is included or not.|I have 4 places in the south, ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like cheap with a 4 star rating please.|I did find one place that meets your needs. It's Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Its a wonderful guesthouse. They offer both free parking and internet. Can I help you book?
Could I just have the phone number and address?|The address for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 53 Roseford Road. The phone number is 01223512596.
Thanks! I actually would like a room, please. We'll arrive on Monday and stay 4 nights. There will be 4 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : C9Z8AVU3. Can I help you with anything else?
I also wanted to find a theatre in the same area the hotel is in.|The Junction Theatre is located in the South near your hotel. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, may I have both the address and postcode for The Junction Theatre?|The address is clifton way. The phone is 01223511511. How else can I help you?
I'd like a taxi please to pick me up at The Junction at 06:45 and then take me to Rosa's. Give me the car type and contact number|A white bmw has been booked. Call them at 07945579886 if anything comes up. Do you need anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.|I am so glad that you asked us, have a great day. Good-bye!
I am looking for a hotel named alyesbray lodge guest house.|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I would like to book a reservation for it.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. First, I will need to know when you want your stay to begin and how many days you'll be staying. Also, how many people will be staying?
We will be arriving on Sunday and will stay for 5 nights.|Can you tell me how many guests will be staying in the room?
There will be 8 guests.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 4UFN3SWC. Will that be all for today?
that is it thank you.|You have a nice day then!
Can you actually look up a restaurant for me as well?|sure thing what's the area and or name?
It's a place called Don Pasquale Pizzeria.|A very nice place in the centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, I do. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 19:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GVM0PAM2.
Great.  One more thing.  Can you book a taxi between the two places? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation.|Contact number 07404031593. You are in a Red Skoda.
Thank you so much that was all I needed.|Alright, hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and can't wait to see some of your local attractions. I do need your help with some information.|Of course. We have so many attractions! What part of town will you be in?
I need a 4 star room in the centre please.|I have two options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
A hotel in the moderate price range. Thank you!|Unfortunately, I am not seeing any 4 star hotels that are moderately priced in the centre. We could try a cheaper hotel or a guesthouse?
How about in the cheap price range?|I'm sorry, but there are no cheap hotels in the center of town, either. The only cheap hotel is on the west side.
Nevermind.  Do you have info on gallery at twelve a high street.|Sure do. Their address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264, and entrance is free. It's a museum on the Eastside.
Thank you very much for your help, have a nice day.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. Can you please help me?|I've found several guesthouse options, do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
Do any of those have free parking? I really need it to include that.|Three guesthouses rated 3 stars have free parking available. May I start a reservation for you?
Yes, at whichever one you think is nicer.   I need a room for 2 nights on Saturday.  There are 6 of us.|I have made a reservation for your party of six for two nights starting Saturday at Bridge Guest House. Your reference number is ZZ1ECCCS. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with British food.|Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular area?
It should be in the centre.|i recommend cotto, phone-01223302010
That's great.  I'd like to book a table for the same group at 14:15 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV3AQGOI. anything else?
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|What time would you like to leave and from where?
Leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by 14:15.|The booking is completed. Lookout for a black Ford contact number 07589149146. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I need a taxi at cherry hinton hall and grounds at 2:45.|Where is the destination?
I need to go to Avalon and could you give me the car type and contact number once it is booked?|I have booked it. You will look for a white ford, the contact number is 07591624763
Hello I would like some sort of entertainment in town.|There are 5 entertainment attractions in town. Do you need to travel to a specific area of Cambridge?
Any area is fine, could you give me the address and entrance fee for a place you recommend?|I recommend the funky fun house it's located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. The entrance fee is not in my database.
Thank you for that information. I'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves Lebanese food please.|I have one listing for ali baba. Would you like to make a booking?
not now. is it in the centre?|yes, it is in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and address please?|The postcode is cb21nt and the address is 59 Hills Road City Centre.
Thank you for the info that was all I needed.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay.|There are 33 moderately priced accommodations. Do you have a specific area or star rating you're looking for?
I would like to stay in the north part of town.|You have eleven choices in the north. Most are guesthouses, two are hotels.
Let's go with a 4 star hotel, I'll need 5 nights for 2 people, starting on Friday.|Okay. I booked you at the 4 star Ashley Hotel for 5 nights and your reference number is 67NA9WLR.
Thank you. I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant with the same price range as my hotel. Can you help me with that?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer to dine in the north or centre?
I would prefer it to be in the north.|I would recommend golden wok. shall i book it ?
Yes, please book friday at 16:00 for 2 people. And tell me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 093R1Y1T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need it to arrive in time for dinner.|A grey Skoda has been booked to pick you up. Their contact number is 07015780256. What else can I do for you?
You've done it all, thanks so much.|Have a wonderful trip.
Sure. I am looking for a restaurant near the centre of Cambridge.|What type of food are you looking for?
I am looking for Eastern European food.|I'm sorry, there aren't any Eastern European eateries in the centre. Can I check another part of town for you, or look for a different type of cuisine?
Thai food sounds good.  Could you check for a restaurant again in the centre of Cambridge?|Bangkok City is an expensive thai place in the centre of town, would you like more info or a booking?
yes, i'd like the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223354382. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called The Man on the Moon?|I found that attraction it is located at 2 norfolk street.  The phone number is 01223474144.
What is the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is CB12IF and the entrance fee is unknown. Their phone number is 01223474144 if you would like to call them to find out.
Also, I want a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure, I can help you with that. Do you want to get picked up at Bangkok City or from The Man on the Moon?
I want to get picked up from the attraction by 23:45 and taken to the restaurant. Please make the taxi booking and give me the relevant info|I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus and your contact number is 07308367931. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
I need an expensive restaurant with Eastern European food|Sorry don't have any eastern european restaurants.
Thanks for the help, that is all for today.|Is there another price range or different cuisine you might like information on?
I have reservations Bangkok City restaurant but forgot to get the address and postcode.|The address and postcode are 24 Green Street City Centre, CB23JX. Can I assist you any further today?
Thank you, that is all.|Have a wonderful time.
i want information about sesame restaurant and bar.|Sesame restaurant and bar is located in the centre at 17 Hills Road.
Thanks.  That's what I needed.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I'd like to find a theatre near centre, too.|The ADC Theatre is located in the center. The address is Park Street.
Can I also get their phone number and postcode?|Of course. The postcode is cb58as. The phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else today?
Need a taxi from the restaurant to the theater, I want to leave the restaurant by 06:15|Okay. I booked you a red skoda and the driver can be reached at 07744304667. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.|No problem, have a great day.
Can't wait to come party at one of your nightclubs in town.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Would you like more information on one of them?
Pick a good one for me. I need the phone number and postcode for it too.|Yes sir!  Soul tree nightclub is a good one. they are at 8 market passage, postal is cb23hx and phone number is 01223519224, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Can you give me information on a restaurant called Sala Thong?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai place in the west. They're located at 35 Newnham Road, cb39ey.
Thanks, that is all for today. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a good day.
Hello, please find me a museum in the center of town.|There are eleven to choose from. Would you like an art museum or another kind of museum?
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art museum in the center of town.|Primavera is located at 10 Kings Parade.  The phone number is 01223357708.  The admission is free.  Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thanks, yes please. I'm also looking for some 3-star lodgings that offer complimentary parking.|I have places that meet those requirements all over town, except in the east. If price is not an issue, I recommend the Gonville Hotel in the center.
The Gonville Hotel sounds good. As long as it is close to the attraction.|What type of attraction?
I am interested in a museum.|well then the castle galleries is the place to go.
Oh, no, I am happy with Primavera, thanks.  I just need that reservation at Gonville.  5 nights on Friday for 1 person please.|I have reserved 5 days at Gonville hotel beginning Friday.  Your reference number is KS5S2XSF.
Just need a taxi from gonville to the primavera, I want to leave by 15:45|Booking completed!  Booked car type: yellow volkswagen.  Contact number: 07294843257.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'm all taken care of. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! goodbye
Hi I'm looking to look at boats. Can you look at centre of town?|The Cambridge Punter is a boat located in the centre at 251a Chesterton Road.
I think that sounds interesting. Can you tell me their postcode?|The postal code for The Cambridge Punter is cb41as. Is that all you needed help with today?
Actually I could use some help finding an italian restaurant in the centre of town.|We have 9 Italian restaurants in the Centre, do you have a particular price range you are looking for?
It is a special occasion so it can be expensive!|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a very popular expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  It is located on Market Hill City Centre.
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 5 this Monday at 18:30? I also need a reference number.|I made that reservation for you the reference number is 24H41KYZ.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi for going to and from those places.|Can you tell me what time you prefer to leave by or arrive by?
I need to get to the restaurant by 18:30|Booking completed. The booked car type is a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07892783917.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful morning. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called Cocum.|That's a very nice Indian restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the phone number or a reservation?
I'd like a reservation, please. I'd need it for Monday, 14:00, and for one person. I'll need the reference number.|Your reservation at Cocum at 14:00 for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : PD01ZLA3.
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular hotel. It's called Home From Home.|Home from home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north area with wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Just me, same day as the restaurant, and I'll be staying 3 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TFWXYHTG. anything else today?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|Great. If you ever need anything else don't hesitate to ask.
I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?|The Bedouin is unusual and expensive. Cote offers the more standard, but elegant French cuisine. Is location a concern?
want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on wednesday and I need a reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: PLFTP5GS.
I'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. Do you recommend anything?|There are many attractions in that area. Do you want something that is free to the public?
That would be perfect. What do you recommend?|Williams art and antiques is free to the public.  Located in the centre and it is a museum.
Great, thanks! Is there a restaurant nearby?|You have already been booked at a nearby African restaurant, Bedouin, on Wednesday at 17:00. Are you interested in an additional restaurant?
No thank you. But could you please get me the phone number and postcode for Williams art and antiques?|Of course! Williams Art and Antiques is located in the city centre, postcode cb12lj. You can reach them at 01223311687. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!
I need some info on the acorn guest house.|Certainly.  it is a well loved moderate 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesteron Road.  What specifically would you like to know?
I'd like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.  We'll be arriving on Thursday.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is QLC8BCAI. May I help you with anything else?
No. I think I am all set.|Have a wonderful day!
Oh, actually I'm looking for a great place to dine also. Can you help me with that?|Sure, is there a certain area and price range you are interested in?
A moderate price range in the center, maybe one that serves international food.|Both the Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant meet your needs. Both are popular. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me the address for the Varsity?|Yes, its address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I want a taxi to the Varsity. It should depart my hotel by 19:15. Please give me car type and contact info.|Sure, what hotel are you staying at?
I am staying at the Acorn Guest House.|Booked car type	:	grey tesla
Contact number	:	07216227516 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
I need a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range.|There are 14 expensive indian restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference of location?
Yes.East-Side London.|Pipasha Restaurant fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book for 4 people at 17:00 on Sunday|Your table for 4 has been booked.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 8OZ8ZF5G. Do you need anything else?
I am also interested in attractions in the centre.  Specifically, I am interested in multiple sports facilities|I have none available in the centre. Would you like a different area or attraction?
How about an attraction that has to do with boats?|The Cambridge Punter looks like a good choice. Want more information?
Yes, can I get the phone number?|The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you require assistance with anything else.
Yes, I'd like a taxi to take me to Pipasha Restaurant and then to Cambridge Punter.  I'd like to arrive at Pipasha Restaurant by 17:00.|I just need to know where you will be departing from at first to the restaurant.
I will be departing from my house.|What is the address of your house so I can book the taxi?
Actually I'll be at the Cambridge Punter, pick me up there.|No problem. Your taxi is booked. The car is a red tesla and the contact number is 07610839736. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I will need.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Please call us back if we can help you any further.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant.|I can help you! Is there a particular type of food you'd like to eat, or a specific location?
In the centre please. It will be just myself at 16:15 on Sunday.|Can I recommend the dojo noodle bar? It is a cheap asian oriental restaurant in the centre?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 16:15 and need the reference number. I need a place to stay that has free wifi but no parking.|You are reserved for Sunday with reference number 87TQQG9Q. Unfortunately there are no hotels without parking. May I recommend The Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap and four stars.
Is there a guesthouse available?|Yes, if you're looking for a cheap guesthouse, then Finches Bed & Breakfast should be right up your alley!
Great can I get the price range, phone number, and area?|Of course. The phone is 01223276653.  It is in the west part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book this location?
No thanks, I also need a taxi to go from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by the booked time.|It has been reserved. The car type will be a white honda. Contact number 07331361490
Thank you have a nice day.|You're welcome, have a great day, too.
Please help me find a hotel to stay at in the centre that has a 4 star rating. Thanks!|I have 2 matches. Do you have a type preference?
I want an expensive place with free wifi.|That narrows it down to one choice, the University Arms Hotel. It meets all of your requirements, plus has parking. Would you like me to check availability?
Where is it located?|Its location is on Regent Street.
Thanks. I'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get polynesian food in the centre of town.|There are no Polynesian restaurants in the centre.
Is there a Oriental restaurant in the City Centre that is in the expensive price range?|Kymmoy is a great Asian Oriental place in the center of town, but it's expensive.
That's all I will need. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please have a pleasant day.
I want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 4.|I show two hotels meeting your criteria.  the huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.  shall i book one of these for you?
Are either of those located in the west and include free parking?|The huntingdon marriott hotel is in the west and does indeed have free parking.
Could you book that for me? I'll need it friday for 2 nights.|Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book for a shorter stay?
Try just 1 night, then.|I was able to book one night, reference number is PHX8BZ7N.
I am also looking for a place to go in the same area.|Sure!  If you like museums, I would recommend people's portraits exhibition at girton college.  Does this sound good or are you thinking of something else?
I think that's good, give me the address and postcode.|It's located on girton college, huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223338901
Alright then, I'm going to need a taxi to get the two places. Can you hook me up with one?|Yes, I can help.  Can you tell me where your departure location is and a time frame you were considering?
I would like to leave Girton College by 06:00 and arrive at the huntingdon marriott hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white skoda
Contact number	:	07702130811
I'm looking for a local restaurant to try in Cambridge.|There are many! Is there a certain style of cuisine you are looking for, or a specific price range?
I think I can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any museums?|I have found 23 differnt museums in town. What part of town are you wanting to travel to?
I have no preference. Can you please provide me with the address, postcode, and area on one?|The Fitzwilliam Museum, in the centre, has free admission. Trumpington St, cb21rb.
Yes, that sounds lovely. Thank you.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, on second thought I would like help finding a restaurant. What do you know about north american cuisine restaurants?|There is one expensive North American restaurant in the centre of town. It is called the Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Excellent. What's the address and area there?|gourmet burger kitchen, in the centre is located at Regent Street City Centre
I need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by 14:30.|Ok great.  Your taxi booking has been completed.  The care type will be a white tesla.  Would you like the contact number?
Yes, please. That would be great.|The number is 07555434856, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be good, thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
I need a taxi to go to the hotpot.|Alright. I'll first need to know a time for the booking as well as a pickup location please
The taxi should arrive by 05:30.|I'll need your pickup location to book the taxi.
I'll be leaving from the cambridge chop house.|All right, your car is booked. It's a grey ford with a contact number of chips342234yy1.
Thanks much, goodbye!|Thank you. Please let us know if you need any further help.
i need a place to stay that has free parking|Sure, what part of town do you like?
I need a guesthouse that includes free parking.  I'm needing one in the moderate price range.  I don't care what area you find for me.|There are quite a few options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel with 3 or 4 stars?
Any one of the 4 star ones will do. Can you choose one and make me a reservation please?|I can choose a place, I just need the number of people, day of the week and how many night you will be staying.
I will be alone.  I need to arrive on Monday for 2 nights.  Just someplace clean and I'll be happy :)|your reservation at carolina bed and breakfast for this monday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : 3KKAFP7E.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the nightclubs in town?|We have about 6 different nightclubs in town. The newest is supposedly really popular. It is called Club Salsa and it is located in the centre of town.
Great, how much is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book a taxi that picks me up at Club Salsa at 05:30.|Okay, A taxi will meet you at Club Salsa at 5:30. It's a red Lexus and the contact number is 07245520750.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|I hope your stay is great.
Thank you!|you are welcome.
I'm looking for a hotel named Worth House|Found it! It is located in the north and it is cheap. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is that a hotel or guesthouse? And, do they have free internet?|It is a guesthouse, cheap, wifi and parking. Would you like to reserve it?
No just need the address and do they have free internet? I am also looking for a nice place to eat called the de luca cucina and bar|found it, de luca cucina and bar ismodern european centreof moderate price range. phone number is 01223356666	 code,cb21aw	and is located on 83 Regent Street
Thank you, I want to book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.|I was able to book it the reference number is 3EZLDF7Q.
Thanks. What was the address for Worth House?|warkworth terrace is the address, anything else?
I'd also like the hotel type and internet status, please.|Worth House has internet and parking. Will that work for you?
yes that works. I also need a taxi to get between the guest house and restaurant.|Ok, a black bmw will pick you up in time to arrive for your reservation at de luca cucina and bar.  The taxi's number is 07228077167.  Anything else?
That is all thanks for your time.|Thank you, please contact us again if you'd like additional assistance. Have a great day!
I'm looking for this particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast|It's located in the east on 138 perne road, cb13nx. Would you like to book a room?
yes i would love to book for 2 nights 2 people starting from Saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UQ6ZS49A
Thank you. Is there a museum close by that we could visit?|There are four on the East side. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Any of those sound good?
Can you give me the address of Cambridge Artworks?|It is located at 	5 greens road.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need a taxi to get between the two places please.|Sure, where would you like to depart from? Will you be needing the taxi on Saturday?
I'd like to leave from the hotel by 21:45, please.|I have your taxi booked. It is a black tesla and the contact number is 07357559847.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that seems to cover everything for me.  Thank you for all of your help.|You are quite welcome! Have a good one!
Is there a park I can visit in Cambridge?|What type of park are you looking for?
Any type, but I would like it to be in the south.|Ok.  How about wandlebury county park?
That sounds great! What's their address and postcode?|there address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, postcode cb223ae anytheing else?
I need somewhere to stay. Moderate in price, please. It doesn't need to include internet.|How about alpha-milton guest house?
I'm really looking for a hotel instead of a guest house.|Unfortunately there are not hotels that match your search criteria. What alternative do you have in mind?
How about a hotel with free WiFi?|we have 3 options where you can choose from
Any of the three would be fine. Can you book a room for Friday for 2 people, 5 nights please?|I've gone ahead and booked you at cityroomz in the centre, so you'll be close to a lot of attractions. Your Reference number is : SYEE88PA.
Thank you!  I'm also looking for assistance booking a taxi between the two places.  Can you help with that please?|I would be happy to assist with that. What is your pick-up point?
I'll need to be picked up at the wandlebury county park by 23:45. I'll be travelling to the hotel.|Your booking is complete, a white toyota will be picking you up.  The contact number is 07016487796.  Do you need anything else today?
That's it for today. Thanks for your help!|No problem. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hello! I'm needing a place to stay in the center of town. Parking is not important to me. What do you have?|I have a moderately priced hotel called Cityroomz available. Can I help you book your stay?
No thanks, but can I just get some information about Cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a moderatly priced 0-star hotel in the centre. They offer internet and parking and are located on station road.
I would like to book 5 nights on sunday for 5.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : T9VLKXV5.
Sounds great- thanks for your help!|Have a great visit!
I need information on places to go and see.|There are 79 attractions, Do you have an idea of the type you're looking for?
Yes, I would like the type of college.  I will need the address and postcode please.|Can I recommend christ's college?
Yes could I have the address and postcode of the college please.|The address is saint andrew's street.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bu.  Can I help you find anything else today?
I'm also looking for a moderately priced guesthouse, one with a four star rating. If it doesn't have free parking, that's fine.|There are 11 guesthouses that fit your criteria.  Do you have a preference of north, south or east?
The area doesn't matter. I'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. Please make my reservation for 3 people, 5 nights, starting Thursday. Thanks.|I have you booked at archway house, the reference number is N8IRHQYO, any further questions?
Could you also get me a taxi between the two that leaves the hotel by 6:15?|the taxi is booked. it's going to be a yellow tesla. their phone number is 07606976296.
Thanks. I don't need anything else.|i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great one. Thanks again for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you, I'm glad I could be of help. Goodbye.
I need a taxi to don pasquale pizzeria.|When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive at one o'clock p.m. because I am meeting my husband there when he goes on his lunch break.|Ok, where are you departing from?
I will be departing from finches bed and breakfast.|Alright. I have a white honda for you.
Great, thanks. Is there a contact number for the driver by any chance?|That number is 07303450247.
Thank you very much. Will they be contacting me?|They will only contact you if they cannot find you. Thank you.
Thank you I will be watching the white honda then.|Sounds good. Have a great night!
Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.|Fitzbillies restaurant is expensive in the centre of town. Would you like to try that?
I am looking for Thai food.|we have bankok city. it is located in 24 green street centre. can i give you the phone number?
Ok great. Can you reserve a table there for Thursday for 5 people at 15:00 please?|it was successful. Reference number is : AKNPF1IH.
Thank you for your help.|Your very welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes a hotel please.|Okay.  I can help you with that.  Can you help me narrow the options down by providing preferences such as area, price range, and type?
You know what? I don't need a hotel after all. I heard something about an attraction called ballare, could you give me some information about it?|Ballare is a nightclub located in the centre area. the phone is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today - transportation perhaps, or other attractions?
That is all I need.|Thanks for using the Cambridge booking service and have a great day.
i need a place to stay.|What area would you like to stay?
We live in the north so something close by.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking.|There are several 4 star options as well as a 3 star and also a 0 star option. Do you have a preference?
Whatever is available, please book me for 3 people on 4 night starting monday.|I need more information on your price range.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|I have found 7 guesthouses that meet your specifications and are in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Sure, coud you find one in the north?|Yes, I  found 5 guesthouses they have moderate price range, free parking,  4 stars and 3 stars.Which one will you prefer?
Could you please recommend one?|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok great. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FTFRIGTY. Can I help with anything else?
Yes! I'm also looking for a nightclub in town|What area would you like it to be in?
It does not matter but I would need the entrance fee|I'd recommend Club Salsa. It's in the centre and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the attraction at 21:30.|Your taxi is booked. Their contact number is 07080927615 and they will be picking you up in a white lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|I have 15 different restaurants matching your preferences, would you like a specific type of food?
No, any one will be fine.  Will you pick one and send me the phone number and postcode?|The phone number to J restaurant is 01223307581.
Thank you! I'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of entertainment.|How about nusha? It's in the south.
That sounds great. Can i get the postcode and is there a entrance fee?|I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to Nusha.|Okay, what time would you like to arrive in Nusha?
No, I need a taxi from Nusha to the restaurant.|Okay, what time do you need the taxi for?
it should leave by 08:15|I booked you a grey audi from nusha to j restaurant, to pick you up at 8:15.  Contact number is 07366723589.  Is there anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I would like a taxi to limehouse. I need to arrive by 7:15.|I'd be happy to book that for you, where are you departing from?
I am leaving from nusha.|You are booked for a black skoda. Is there anything else?
Could you give me the contact number for the skoda, please.|Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07129813049
Thank you for your help|You're very welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is it. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our services.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help me?|There are 22 cheap restaurants. What part of town are you interested in?
I'd like a place in the centre, please.|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre area. What type of food are you interested in?
Could you get me the phone number and postcode of one close to a museum?  Looking for place to go after meal in same area?|The Golden House Chinese restaurant  phone number is 01842753771 and the postcode is cb21eg, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hello. I've been recommended a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Can you direct me to where it is located?|Sure, they server international food and are located at 	Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would also like their phone number?
I need to call to book a reservation, so that would be great.|Sure thing. What day and time would you like for your reservation, and for how many people?
The reservation will be for Sunday at 18:00 for 7 people.  If 18:00 is not available please try 17:00 and provide me with a reference number.|I was able to get you a table at 17:00, reference number is SZGQO8JU. Since we were able to take care of your reservation do you still want the phone number?
I don't need it anymore. Can you look for a place to stay, please? I would like something in the north with 4 stars.|I have a few different options.  Do you need internet or parking?
Need a hotel in the North with a 4 star rating, should be a type of guesthouse with free parking, please.|The Kirkwood House is beautiful and meets your requirements.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, this sounds ideal. I need an address|The address is 172 chesterton road.
And would it be possible to get a taxi from the Kirkwood to the restaurant?|I have booked you a yellow volkswagen with contact number 07858089421
ok, that's all I needed, thank you so much!|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a taxi at Cambridge Museum of Technology to go to the Museum of Classical Archaeology.|When would you like to get there?
I need to leave after 09:45.|Booking completed! Booked car type blue audi  contact number	07885719005
That's super. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Have a lovely trip! Contact us again if you need further help. Goodbye!
Please find a cheap restaurant that serves Indian food.|I have a few cheap ones listed but Ill give you my favorite, which is royal spice.
What are of town is that in? I really want to stay in the centre of town to be close to the attractions.|In that case I would recommend kohinoor. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thank you that will be all|Is there anything else I can do? Perhaps find a great attraction for you to visit while you're in town?
On second thought, I need a reservation for 5 at 12:15 on Sunday and the reference number. Also information on a place called Vue Cinema.|Your table has been reserved. Please be on time as they can only hold it for 15 minutes. Your reservation number is YFIORWEK. Vue Cinema is a cinema in the centre.
What is the post code for the cinema?|The postcode is cb11ps.
I need a cab to the restaurant by the booking time, contact # and car type so I don't get into someone else's car!|sure, where will you be departing from to get to the restaurant?
I'll need a car from the Vue Cinema. I wouldn't want to be late for my reservation.|I've got a car booked for you, a blue BMW. The contact number is 07103963955
Great that's all I needed today thanks.|Do you need anything else.
No, I think I'm all set.  Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a taxi that departs from hobsons house and arrives by 13:45.|Before I can complete the booking, I need to know what your destination will be?
I would like to go to the missing sock.|Ok, I've booked a bluw BMW to pick you up, the contact number for the taxi is 07753554646.
Perfect, thank you.|No problem, let me know if you need anything else.
I need to find a moderate priced hotel to stay at.|In what area of town are you looking to stay?
in the south are of town.|aylesbray lodge guest house is a nice place
Does it have free parking?|Yes they do offer free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, on Tuesday for 3 people 3 nights.|Your reservation for 3 people at aylesbray lodge guest house this tuesday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SWWMG3BG.
thanks for your time and services|Thank you goodbye
Can you find me restaurant with moderate prices that serves north indian cuisine?|I'm sorry, nothing is coming up for that particular type of restaurant. Is there any other specifics you may like?
How about one that serves modern european food?|There are 3 restaurants serving modern european food, would you prefer one on the south side or town centre?
It does not matter, I just need one available for 7 people at 18:15 on thursday|I have made a reservation at restaurant alimentum for you. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I also need the reference number please.|The reference number is DVDLH9NK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a guesthouse hotel with moderate prices in the centre. I don't need free parking.|Unfortunately I could not find any guesthouses meeting those requirements.
How about a hotel type?|Cityroomz is the only place that matches your criteria.
How many stars is Cityroomz?|It has a zero star rating, is this ok?
That is fine. Do they have internet?|Yes, Cityroomz has internet. Would you like to book it?
Not yet. I would like you to book a taxi for me between my hotel and restaurant. I will need the car type and contact number.|Before I can book your taxi, what time are you wanting to leave or arrive by?
I just want to be sure it arrives by the booked time at the restaurant.|Booked. Your car type is white skoda and contact number is 07075801794
Thank you very much for your help! That was everything I needed.|Fantastic. Enjoy your trip!
Can you tell me about any cheap priced italian restaurants in cambridge?|i got a variety. which is your prefered location?
I'd like a place in the centre.|I have Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Which would you prefer?
Zizzi please, can you book me for 6 people on saturday at 16:15?|Yes that booking was successful and your reference number is 10TULA8Z.
Thanks! I also need to find a cheap hotel.|I found The Cambridge Belfry.  It is cheap but well valued.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it?
Yes and I need the reference number. Also I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant on time. I would like the number and car type please.|Let's finish booking the cambridge belfry first. How many people are going to stay?
There will be 6 people staying for two nights.|What day would you be arriving?
We need to check in on Saturday.|The booking was successful for 2 nights at The Cambridge Belfry with check-in on Saturday. Reference number NCCFYY9W. Would you like to book that taxi now?
Yes, please.  I want to book if to get me to the restaurant on time.|You are all set the car type is a yellow honda and the contact number is 079969243265. Do you need anything else today?
I don't need anything else. Thank you, bye!|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
i want to book a taxi.|Yes of course, from where will you be leaving?
From museum of classical archaeology to london kings cross train station, please|I have ordered one for you their pick up time is 1:00pm. Is this time okay or do you need a different time?
I need a different time. I want to arrive by 05:30.|Alright. The type of car is a white lexus and the contact number is 07607179806. Anything else?
that is it for today, thank you|Thanks for letting me assist you today. Have a great time!
Can you help me find a cinema in the centre?|sure, there's a cineman called vue cinema
Great.  Can I get the phone number for the cinema?|The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240 and they are in The Grafton Centre on East Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need to find a place to dine, please.|What type of food would you like?
italian food, please|We have quite a few Italian restaurants all over town. Is there a particular part of town you want to stick to?
Yes, I'd like one that was in the centra as well.|We have 9 choices in the centre, any preference on price range?
Yes please; I'd greatly prefer the moderate price range as I'm on a bit of a budget.|pizza express would fit your needs, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for thursday at 18:30 for 4 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7LYLSH0V
i also need a taxi.|Where will you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at Vue Cinema.|And where will your destination be?
I need to get to Pizza Express for my 18:30 reservation, please.|Okay, you're all set with a taxi. It's going to be a black toyota and the contact number is 07976731692
You have been most helpful setting this up. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town|There are 69 places to eat in Centre. Do you have a specific type of food or price range you are wanting?
I'm looking for European food.  This is a special dinner, so something expensive.|There are three restaurants in the centre that serve European food with an expensive price range.  Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday, 
Make sure you get the reference number|There are three different places:  Eraina, Michaelhouse Cafe and Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.  Which would you like me to book?
You can pick. I need reservations for 7 people on saturday at 14:45.|Eraina is perfect for your special dinner. Your table will be held for 15 minutes after your reserved time of 14:45. Your reference number is YQXGPLLY. Do you need anything else?
Great. I need to find a guesthouse that has free wifi and free parking, the better half is so cheap.|that's just fine, i actually have 21 options for you!
Can you please recommend one and book it for 4 nights?|arbury lodge guesthouse in the north is great. They are moderately priced, I can book you a room how many people are staying and when are you checking in?
The 7 of us will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights.|The booking for 7 is entered under the reference number ZW3FVVQZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between dinner and the hotel. Can you please help me with the contact number and car type?|I can go ahead and do that for you. What time will you be leaving the restaurant?
Actually, I need to go from the hotel to dinner. I want to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45.|I have you booked in a yellow Honda, you can contact them at 07910205264. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us today.  Have a nice day.
I need to get a taxi from emmanuel college|Where will you be going?
I'm heading to finches bed and breakfast.|Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I don't have a preference but would like to arrive by 22:30.|You're all set. Expect a black audi, contact number 07715481740. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you.|Have a wonderful time, and good luck!
I need to book a taxi from Kings College to the lensfield hotel. I need to arrive by 10:00 and need the car type and contact number.|The contact number is 07502362913. It will be a white audi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|It was my pleasure! Have a nice day!
want to book a taxi|Where are you going & where should it pick you up?
I am departing from sala thong and need to go to abbey pool and astroturf pitch. I need to arrive by 16:45.|Booked! Your car is a yellow toyota. Contact number: 07041103823.
thanks,i really appreciate your help today|No problem. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call back. Goodbye.
Could you book me a taxi to Curry Garden?|I have you booked with a white Honda. Your contact number is 07027500870. Can I help you with anything else?
Oh, sorry, I forgot to say, I need it to arrive by 10:45, and it'll be leaving the lan hong house.|Okay, I'm now sending you a yello Volvo which will arrive at Lan Hong House at 10:45.  Contact number is 07980240916
Great. You have been very helpful. Have a great day.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre we are always glad to help, have a pleasant day.
I would like to reserve a taxi from rosa's bed and breakfast.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arive by 23:00.|Got it. And what is your destination please?
I will be going to cityroomz.|I have confirmed you booking, a yellow volvo will pick you up.
What is the contact number, please?|The contact number is 07854319661.
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help.|Thank you. Is there anything else
I need a taxi arriving by 23:30.|Okay, what is your departure site?
Little Seoul and I would like the contact number and car type|Where will you be going?
I'd like to go to people's portraits exhibition at girton college. I've heard it's stunning!|It sounds lovely! I've booked you in a grey Skoda. The contact number is 07240135377 in case you need it. What else may I assist you with?
That was everything. Thank You!|You're more than welcome!
i want to book a taxi.|Sure,  i can help you with that.  Where will you be departing from?
I want to leave from the train station.|Can you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I want to leave london kings cross train station after 02:00|Okay, and what is your destination?
Oh, I'm sorry I need to get to gallery at twelve a high street.|I'm sorry, I don't understand. What is the gallery name you want to travel too?
It's called  gallery at twelve a high street.|I have booked you a white ford.
The contact number is 07064257037
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.|Got it, your booking has been completed! Look out for a blue tesla, contact number 07520411520. May I assist with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.|Reservation reserved, let me know if you need any more assistance with anything else.
I would like to book a taxi from stevenage train station and go to cineworld cinema.|I have you booked in a grey ford with a contact number of 079724240082. Can I do anything else for you?
That's all I need thank you!|great, have an amazing day
I'm sorry, I forgot to mention that I need the taxi to arrive by 12:15.|I've made the change for you. The new car is a White Toyota, and the contact number is 07338867597. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that should do it.|Have a nice day!
Hello, can you recommend a hotel in the North of town with free parking, please?|I have 2 both moderate pricing. The ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Are either of those guesthouses in the moderate price range?|Yes, both of them are!  We've got Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.  Do you have a preference?
Book Ashley Hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from saturday|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 4IJ1WV2N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for handling the lodging. I am looking for something to do in the area by the hotel. Any suggestions?|How about milton county park?  It is the north part of town.
I like the sound of that. Can you tell me the type and entrance fee please?|It is a park and the fee is free
I also need a taxi to between the 2 places. I need to leave milton county park by 12:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the hotel.|Are you wanting to leave from the park or the restaurant?
I'll be leaving from the park.|Okay, be on the lookout for a black bmw. Contact number is 07120499687. Anything else?
That's it for me. Thank you, bye!|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to find a museum to to go to in the centre in town. Can you help me?|Broughton house gallery is a museum in the cetnre of town.
Can I have the postcode?|Yes the post code is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nice place to stay. 4-stars, expensive - that sort of thing.|In what area?
Also in the centre of town, please. And, I'm not too fond of guesthouses, so can you try for a hotel instead please. Thanks.|The university arms hotel meets your needs. If you give me your travel details, I can book it for you.
Sounds good! I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights, starting on Saturday.|I've completed your booking, your reference number is BXRZYUU7. What else can I help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi to get to the hotel after visiting the museum.|I can definitely help with that. First I'll need to know though either when you want to leave the attraction or what time you want to arrive at the hotel by
I want to leave the attraction by 14:00.|You are booked for a red Volkswagen. Your contact number is 07391981336. May I help you with anything else?
Attraction, lodging and taxi. That's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.|Glad I could help.  Enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
I need a moderately prices two start hotel in the north with wifi. Can you help?|Would you need parking?
No. I just misspoke. I'm looking for a moderately priced Spanish restaurant.|How about La Tasca that serves spanish food and is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
I would like a table on Sunday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes. I need the reference number and would like to know of some places to visit in the same area.|What time would you like your reservation for and for how many people? We will work on your attraction once we get the restaurant booked.
12:15 on Sunday for 2 people.|Booking at La Tasca was successful. Your reference number is XV1087FK. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't need an attraction.  I am done for now.  Thank you.|Okay, have a great time during your stay!
I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of cambridge.|We have 11. The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is a popular choice. It's over on downing street, and offers free admission.
That sounds great, can you tell me their full address and postcode, please?|University of Cambridge, Downing Street. Postcode cb23dz. Anything else.
Yes, can you help me find some places to eat?|Absolutely, would you like the restaurant to be in the centre as well?
Yes, please. It should be in the cheap price range.|the incorrect domain was selected, please fix.
Asian food please.|wrong domain won't let you book a table
Also, I need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. The price should be cheap or moderate, and I need the postcode.|Cityroomz hotel is in the centre and is moderately priced with internet. The postcode is cb12tz. Shall I book that for you?
Not right now, thanks. I do need a taxi, though. I want to leave the hotel at 03:30 (I'm an early riser!) and head to the museum.|No worries, we have 24/7 taxi service, your are set.  Look for a white Toyota, they are reachable at 07763641643, any further questions?
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything else do not hesitate to call us back. Have a fun day!
I need a taxi to pick me up at curry king.|OK, and where are you headed and at what time?
I want to go to the Lime House.|Alright, and now I'll just need to know a time you either would like to arrive by or leave after please
The taxi should arrive by 20:00 and please also let me know what type of car will pick me up and give me the contact number of the driver.|A white BMW will pick you up and the contact number is 07606671583. Can I help with anything else today?
No that was all. Thank you for your help.|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you have a great day!
What sort of entertainment is available on the east side of town?|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is available, would you like to try that?
Yes! Can you give me the postcode?|Their postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to eat around the same area, for a moderate price.|If you like Italian, I suggest Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.  Would you like me to book you a table?
I am actually looking for irish food.|I don't have anything in the east side that serves Irish food. Can I try something else?
Can you try italian food?|I would recommend the PIzza Hut Fen Ditton for you. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Please book for 5 people on Sunday at 19:00.|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, 5 people Sunday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  IFRHVXZ2.
Can you recommend any colleges in the Centre of town, please?|Sure, there are 18 colleges. What part of town are you interested in going to? I recommend christ's college and it's free admission.
Is that in the centre of town?  I definitely want to visit a college in the centre.|Yes it is in the centre and will make your wildest dreams come true, would you like more information on them?
Do they have an entrance fee?|They do not - admission is free.
Can you give me the post code?|Their postal code is cb23bu. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. Free wifi, please. Expensive price range. Don't need free parking.|There are 2 hotels in centre that are espensive what star rating do you want?
No particular price range.|The two hotels are the Gonville on Gonville Place, and the University Arms on Regent Street.
Ok, can you recommend one and give me the postcode and phone number.|I recommend the Gonville hotel.  The postal code is cb11ly.
What is the phone number?|You can reach the Gonville Hotel at 01223366611.
Great I also am looking for a taxi that will leave the hotel by 11:00|Okay and what is the destination please?
I would like to go to Christ's College, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white skoda
Contact number	:	07192870240
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are welcome. Enjoy your day too.
Hello, I am planning a trip for next month.  Can you suggest some places to go in town?|Do you have any specific attractions in mind?
I am interested in boat attractions in the centre.|There are a lot of options in that area. Would you prefer something free to visit?
I don't have a preference.|there is scudamores punting co	or the cambridge punter
Can you select one? I also need the entrance fee, if there is one.|I prefer the Cambridge Punter, but I don't have the fee information for any boat attractions. Their number is 07807718591 - I'm sure you could call and find out.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same area as the Cambridge Punter.|Is price important to you?
Nope, I'm open on price. It doesn't need to have internet.|Okay, how about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
That sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? Checking in monday and will be staying 4 nights.|Okay, you're all set! Your room has been reserved and your confirmation number is 4X57GWOC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi when I got from the hotel to Cambridge Punter. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be a black BMW. The contact number is 07167383694. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks you have been very helpful to me|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre area.|I have 44 places to go in centre. What type of place are you looking for?
I am looking for a college with free admission.|I would recommend Christ's College. It is a wonderful campus. They do offer free entrance also. Any other info I can provide you with?
Can I get the phone number and address for the College?|Yes, the address is saint andrew's street and the phone number is 01223334900.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes actually.  I need to find a place to dine in the same area as the college is in hopefully.  Are there Italian places near there?|Yes, there are 9 restaurants. What is your price range?
I need a cheap price range for three people|I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
What day and time would you like for your reservation?|I need to meet my friends there by 5 pm
What kind of cool attractions to we have in town? Maybe in the water.|I have 4 swimming pools in town if you are interested in that? I have 2 in the north, 1 in the east, and 1 in the centre.
I would like to the information for the one east.|The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in the East at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Would you like to know anything else?
I am actually looking for a boat attraction in the north, not a swimming pool.|riverboat georgina	is in the north. do you want their information?
Can I get their postcode please? I also am looking for a good restaurant in town.|Their postcode is cb43ax.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that serves German food that is expensive.|Sorry, no matches. Is there another food you want to try?
What about British food?|There are 5 British restaurants that meet your needs. Would you prefer the centre, west, or east part of town?
Anywhere that you recommend will be great.|Fitzbillies is a great British restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I would like it to be for 4 people at 14:15 on Saturday.|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 6S09L48Q. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two locations and need to get to the restaurant by 14:15|I've booked a taxi for you.  You should arrive at the restaurant by 14:15. The contact number is 07165032687. How else can I help you today?
Can you let me know the type of car?|It'll be a white tesla.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. that is all for now.|Wonderful, glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
Can you give me some information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant?|Absolutely! It is a great international restaurant located in the centre of town. It is moderately priced. They are located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Perfect. Can I get a confirmed table for 2 at 16:15 on Wednesday? I'll need some sort of reference number too please.|Yes great! Your reservation was successful and the reservation number is 5G377MJC.
fantastic. i also want to check out some nightclubs in town.|I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area and 1 in the south. Do you have any other preferences?
It needs to be in the Centre area, please.|I have five in the centre. Would you like more info on any of them?
i need phone number of either and a taxi to commute between the two places|The phone number of club salsa is 07782218745.  What time do you need a taxi from?
Can I also have the address of the nightclub?|The address for Club Salsa is 1 Station Road. I can certainly book a taxi for you from Bloomsbury Restaurant to Club Salsa, when would you like it to arrive?
Great, thanks. I need a cab to get me to and from by the booked time. I also need the contact # & car type too please|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07846707266.
Ok, that's all I needed, thanks!|Have a wonderful time during your stay at Cambridge.
Are there any hotel rooms left?|the list is so broad. can you specify the price range?
I'm looking for a 4 star  guesthouse with free parking and wifi- anything in that range?|There are 16 hotels that match that description. Do you have a preference for location or price range?
i want it to be a guesthouse specifically.|Yes, we have 16 guesthouses that meet your needs. If area and price don't matter, I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north.
Great!  Can you give me their phone number, area and address, please?|sure, it is in the north. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888.
i am also looking for a particular attraction.|I can help you with that! What is the name of the attraction you are looking for?
I'm looking for Clare College. I'd like to get the postcode, please.|Sure! The postcode is CB21TL.
Last thing I need is a taxi from Clare College to the hotel, and I need to leave by 16:30.|I have booked that taxi and your contact number is 0707064481 please look for a black ford.
thanks so much you have been very helpful!|welcome amd i am happy i helped you. have a good day
Can you help me find some attractions in town?|Yes, I have many attractions available. What area of town would you like to be in?
Centre of town would be perfect.|I have 79 places in the centre. Is there a type you are interested in?
I would like Korean food and expensive. Can you send address?|little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. anything else for you today?
Can we go back to finding an attraction please?  I need the address and the type. Anything in the centre area will work.|holy trinity church on market street is free to visit. People go there for the architecture.
Cool, thanks. Can you help me book a table at an expensive korean restaurant in the centre?|Yes, there is one option fitting your needs. It is little seoul. Do you want to book there?
Yes, for Saturday please.|I have begun your booking but need to know the time you would like to eat and how many people will be dining
book a table for 8 people at 18:15|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P0DZWOUT. May I help with anything else ?
Yes, I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from Holy Trinity Church.|I have booked a white skoda for you. The contact number is 07599401475.
Thanks! I feel ready for my trip now. I appreciate the help. Goodbye|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip.
I'd like to find a Thai restaurant in the center.|I have one entry for bangkok city would you like more information?
Yes, please. Is it expensive?|It is expensive. Do you need something less expensive?
No, that is perfect. I would like to book a table for 5 people on Wednesday at 11:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : 23DPN5A7.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I also need a place to stay|Okay. What area are you interested in and what is your desired price-range?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.|There are 16 four-star guesthouses with your requirements. Are you looking to stay in the centre of town?
In the Centre is fine. Can you please check to see if any offer internet?|I see one option here. It is alexander bed and breakfast. Would you like to book?
Does the hotel also offer internet?|Yes, alexander bed and breakfast has Internet. Do you want to book it?
I do not want to book it at this time.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address of the guesthouse?|yes sure its 56 saint barnabas road
I'll need a taxi to take me to bangkok city from the hotel and arrive by 11:00.|A grey lexus is booked for you. The contact number is 07699737690.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'd like to find a cheap italian restaurant, please.|There are five cheap italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you prefer?
I prefer the north area of town.|Great, there is a cheap Italian place in the north part of town called Da Vinci Pizzeria. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please make one for 7 people at 17:45 on Thursday.|I have your table reserved at the requested day and time. It will be held 15 minutes for you. The reference number is: UB24W3TP.
Sounds good. Could you also help me find a cinema in the same area?|I'm sorry. There are no cinemas in that part of town. Would you like to try a different type of attraction?
Darn! I really wanted to go to the cinema. Is there a park located in that area?|Yes, there is Milton Country Park in the north. It is free to enter.
Can I get their address please?|Absolutely. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Is there anything more I can help you with?
what is the entrance fee?|Their fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like a taxi. I'd like to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, please.|I have booked your ride, it's a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07623087287.
Thank you, you've been very helpful! That's all I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat, that's moderately priced and in the city centre.|I have 21 different choices- did you have a type of food in mind?
No, I don't, actually. Surprise me with the type of food and give me the restaurant's address.|The oak bistro is an excellent choice for british food. The address is 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area as the restaurant?|I have lots of attractions in the centre of town. Can you tell me what type of attraction you would be interested in?
It doesn't matter, anywhere will do. And can you get me the address?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is a popular attraction in the city centre. Does that sound good to you?
Yes can I get their address please?|The address of the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 6 Saint Edward's Passage, postcode cb23pj.
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to go and what time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the restaurant by 09:15. Please get me the contact number and car type.|Booking completed! The booked car type is a blue ford, and your contact number is 07629102425. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for everything, that is all that i need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
can i request a taxi from my hotel to the city center Chinese restaurant?|What is the name of the hotel you are staying at ?
Erm, nevermind, I need a nightclub in the centre of town.|There are five nightclubs in the centre of town: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Do you want to know more about any of them?
Yes, please. I need the address and postcode of the one you recommend.|Club Salsa is definately the place to be.  It is located at 1 station road, postcode: cb12jb.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would also like to book a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant.|My pleasure, when would you like to dine at the maharajah tandoori restaurant?
I would love a reservation for Sunday for 2 people at 18:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A5YKASS8.
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I would like to know what hotels are in the town centre.|There are 5 hotels in the town center, ranging from cheap to expensive. Which would you like more information on?
I'd like one in the moderate price range than includes free wifi.|Cityroomz aligns with your criteria. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday.|Unfortunately there are no rooms available, do you have a different day or shorter stay?
Will I be able to stay for 2 nights?|Yes, you're all set for 2 nights at cityroomz on Sunday for your party of 3. Your reference number is L8OVTI18. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any italian restaurants?|There are 15 Italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or price range you'd prefer?
I'm looking for the same price range as the hotel and in the same area as the Hotel|Pizza Express is moderately priced and located in the centre area, does that sound ok?
It does indeed. Can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? 12:00 would be the perfect time for lunch!|I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference numbers is T0R20O9D.
Thanks! Is there any way you could book me a taxi between destinations? It needs to arrive by the booked time and please send me the contact number and car type.|No problem it is booked the contact number is 07499208880
What is the car type of that taxi?|It is a yellow Honda. Is there anything else I can help you out with?
That's it. Thank you very much for the help!|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything else. Have a great day!
That's all I need, goodbye.|Farewell, and have a beautiful day!
I am looking for a college to see.|Do you have a part of town you would like to visit?
I'm not sure as I'm not familiar with the area. Do you recommend a particular college?|Clare college is nice and it is located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please have the address and postcode?|their address is trinity lane,cb21tl. phone number is 01223333200. anything else?
I would also like to find a Japanese restaurant, if there are any in town.|Cambridge does have one Japanese restaurant in the centre of town. It's expensive but well worth it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I would need a reservation on Sunday for 3 at 11:30.|You're all set! Your reference number is AWAEPKRT.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else?
I will need a book a taxi to commute between the two places|what time would you like?
I need to be at the restaurant at 11:30.|Ok.  I have reserved a white skoda.  The contact number is 07229892999.
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|It was my pleasure.
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre.|There are 110 restaurants that fit your request. Do you have a price range in mind?
Sure, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|Yes I have a variety of cuisines available in that price range. What type of food are you looking for?
I am not picky about the food, as long as it is expensive and in the centre. Can you pick one and provide me the food type and address?|How about the Gourmet Burger Kitchen? It is an American restaurant, located at Regent Street City Centre.
Great thanks,I also need to find a hotel near the restaurant if possible. Would you be able to assist?|University Hotel is on Regent Street and is 4 star.
I want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I have many results for places with free parking, do you have a price range or area you're looking to stay in?
Anything near the restaurant will be fine.|I have booked you for University arms, which meets all of your criteria, the reference number is NQC5WW4O, any other questions?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me between the two places. Can you please help?|Yes I can! Where would you like the taxi to meet you at?
I would like the taxi to meet me at the restaurant.|And at what time would you like that taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant at 04:45 please|I have booked you with a red honda and contact number 07898891438. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think we got everything covered. Thanks. Goodbye.|Your welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve Indian food nearby?|There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Would you like to look in a particular area?
It doesn't matter where it is, I just need to book one of them for six people at 13:45 on Friday.|Great your reservation at curry garden is all set, reference number is J1X6P0DB
I am looking for an expensive hotel as well.|There are five such hotels available. I can suggest the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. How does that sound?
Do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 4?|Yes, there are two hotel options, one in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
Do they both have internet access?|Yes, both the Huntingon Marriott and University Arms have free wifi.
Great can I also get a taxi between the two places?|Booking you a taxi would be no trouble. Would you like to book one of those hotels first?
No, that's OK, but I need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:45.|Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a grey Lexus, contact number 07186569452. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Thank you very much for contacting us. Have a good trip.
Can you book me a moderately priced British restaurant?|Is there a particular area that you would like the restaurant to be in? There are a total of 5 listed.
Yes I would like to eat in town centre.|How about Restaurant One Seven? I can book a table for you if you'd like.
I'm not sure if I would like to book one yet. Can you please tell me the address, phone number and postcdode?|Address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223337766, and postcode cb21ab.
Thank you very much. I am also looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant with free parking. Can you help with this as well?|How about The Copper Kettle. The are located in the Centre at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. May I book a table for you?
Sorry. I'm looking for a hotel, not a restaurant. It should be in the centre and moderately-priced. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Cityroomz meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room there?
This is a hotel type place right? Also what is the address for that?|Yes it's a hotel. The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
alright, I'll take a room there. I'll also need a taxi to take me between the hotel and the restaurant, I need to leave the hotel at 05:00.|Great! I've booked a grey Audi for you. The contact number is 07071074318.
Thank you. That is all that I needed.|It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
I need to book a taxi from riverside brasserie.|Sure I can help with that. May I have the time you want to leave riverside brasserie, or the time you need to arrive at the destination?
I would like to arrive by 24:00.|Alright, and what is your destination?
I am headed to curry prince.|Perfect.  You are all booked and can expect to be picked up in a white Tesla.  The contact number is 07030002227.  Will you be needing anything else?
Nope, thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Finches Bed and Breakfast was recommended to me highly. Could you help me find it?|Yes I have found it, it is in the west of town,and cheap.
Great! Can you book a room there for 5 nights? There will be 8 of us, and we'll arrive on Friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PZ9SHTWA.
I would also like to eat some Austrian food.|I am sorry, there are no Austrian restaurants. Can I try a different cuisine?
Okay, then how about an expensive mediterranean food restaurant in the centre?|You have a choice of two restaurants: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant.
Give me the phone number and address for la mimosa please|The phone number is 01223362525 and the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.
I am also going to need a taxi.|Where are you departing from and arriving at?
I will be departing from Finches Bed and Breakfast to la mimosa restaurant.|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 03:15, can never be too early.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue audi
Contact number	:	07871628908
Great. That was all I needed for now. Thanks for everything.|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need a taxi to take me to Broughton house gallery|I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving the Scudmores Punting Co.|I can book that for you, what time will you be leaving/arriving?
I would like to leave at 6:00.|Your booking is complete with a red bmw and a contact number of 07899029932.
Thank you for your assistance.|Enjoy your visit to the broughton house gallery!
Are there any moderately priced hotels in Cambridge? I'm looking for a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Yes, there are three. The Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.
I need wifi and four stars as well.|It doesn't appear that the Ashley Hotel has all these qualifications.  Would you like me to search for another hotel in the same area?
Yes, expensive, wifi, four stars.|I'm sorry, but there are no hotels in the cambridge area fitting all these all these qualifications. Would you like to alter your requirements?
Could you try an expensive hotel instead of a moderately priced one?|I found huntingdon marriott hotel in the west, and university arms hotel in the centre.
Could you reserve us a room at the University Arms then? There are 3 of us and we'll arrive on Friday.|Yes sure. For how long will you be staying?
We will stay 4 nights.|I have made the reservation for 3 people for 4 days at the university arms hotel. Your reference number is 7ARCQZH9.
I also am looking for darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|OK. This restaurant is an expensive, modern European establishment in the centre of town. It is located on King Street City Centre.
Can you provide their address, including postcode?|Yes their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and their postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'd also like to book a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 17:30.|What will your destination be?
I want a taxi back to my hotel. Please provide me a contact number and the car type.|Your car is Booked. It is a blue volkswagen and their contact number is 07511504303
Thank you so much! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
I need to book a taxi to leave after 07:45 to take me to Bangkok City.|Where will your departure site be?
I'm leaving from primavera.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow bmw
Contact number	:	07711369546
I need a Taxi, I want it to go to carolina bed and breakfast, arriving for my reservation at 4:00.|No problem! Where are you departing from?
from Charlie chan|ok its a yellow ford and the contact number is 07048042435
Ok got it, thank you very much|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
nope that's everything, thanks.|awesome, have an awesome day you awesome person
You have a great day too!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Do you know of any places in the south that serve Italian food?|We have pizza hut cherry hinton which is moderately priced or frankie and bennys which is expensive.  Would you like me to book one of those?
Sure, lets go with Frankie and Bennys.|Alright, I will need to know how many people are in your party, and what time/day you would like to book for.
I need a table for eight at 15:30 on Sunday.|Alright, I have a table for 8 booked at 15:30 on Saturday. your reference number is 12263FX1.
Can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the south part of town?|The Junction Theatre is in the south area. Would you like the phone number?
No, but the address would be nice.|Sure, The Junction Theatre is on Clifton Way.
Great, thank you.  Could you help with booking a taxi?|I certainly can when and where will you be leaving from, and where would you like to go?
I'd like a taxi from Junction Theatre to our restaurant. Please make sure it will arrive in time for our reservations.|I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 15:00. The car type booked is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07952875900.
I think that's all I need for today. Thank you so much for all your help.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Where can I find the Queen's College?|Queen's College is on the west side of town, on Silver Street. Their postcode is cb39et.
Can you verify the type of place this is and the address please?|It is a college and the address is silver street. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves European food please.|I have several listed from moderate to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
The nearest one to the hotel.|What hotel are you staying at?
Actually, I don't need one near a hotel. I just need the phone number and address of an expensive one.|Yes the Eraina is expensive and their address is Free School Lane City Centre and their telephone is 01223368786
Alright, I want you to book me a taxi from Queen's College to the Eraina. I'll be leaving the college at 12:00.|I have booked you a blue skoda. The contact number is 07822607219
Thank you very much. That was all I will be needing today.|Ok thank you for using this service and have a nice day.
I need a college in the centre.|There are 5. Christ's college, corpus christi, downing, emmanuel and gonville and caius anyone in particular?
I have no preference.  Could recommend one and provide the entrance fee and address.|Sure, Downing College is located on Regent Street and admission is free.
Great! Thanks.  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Rice Boat.|Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant at 37 Newnham Road Newnham wich is in the west part of town.
Can you book a reservation for me?  I need a table for 7 on Sunday.  At 19:15, if possible.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to book another day or time slot?
Can you please try and book it for 18:15 instead?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : DGJK87XC.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to the restaurant for our reservation.|I have booked you a taxi. it is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07695884119
Thank you for your help. Have a nice day!|You're welcome, and you, too.
What are some good museums to visit?|I have 23 museums in my database. Is their a area you are interested in visiting?
Anything that you would recommend in the east, I just need the place along with the address postal code and entrance fee.|cambridge museum of technology costs 5 pounds.  The post code is cb58ld.
Thank you,I also need to find a guesthouse,that is cheap ?|I have many guesthouses available. Do you know what area you'd like to be in?
I don't have and area preference.|The Allenbell is a guesthouse	in the east and it is inexpensive. Would you like me to book it?
How many stars does it have?|Allenbell has 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?  And can you get me the address to Cambridge Museum of Technology that I asked you for?|It does have free wifi and the address is 5 greens road
Okay thank you. I would also like a taxi to and from the Cambridge Museum of Technology.|Where will your destination be?
cambridge museum of technology.|And where would you like to be picked up?
i want to be picked up at the hotel by 11:45|Your taxi is booked. You will be picked up in a grey Audi. The contact number is 07957190681. Do you help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all! Thank you!|Thank you for calling. Please call again if you have additional questions. Goodbye!
i want you to recommend a place to go in the centre that is  type of entertainment|I'm sorry there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area or attraction type you would be interested in?
Okay, how about a nightclub?|there is none in that area. do you mind changing the area?
I was really hoping to find one in that area.|I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I have 5 options for nightclubs in the centre. I like club salsa, personally.
Could you please give me Club Salsa's address and postcode?|Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, cb12jb.  Would you like any additional information?
I am also looking for someplace in the moderate price range, a room with free wifi.|We have many options. Would you like to narrow it down by area or stars?
I would like it to be 2 stars, and a hotel.|There are two hotels in the north that fit your needs: the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the Lovell Lodge.|Okay! Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll need it for 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 people.|OK, 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 guests. Your Reference number is : DUYCGOB2.
Thanks I also need a taxi to leave Club Salsa.|Sure, will you be going back to Lovell Lodge, and at what time?
I would want to return by 2:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white volkswagen
Contact number	:	07255014387
Can i help you with anything else today?
no thanks, that is okey for today|Okay, well if you need anything else you know where to find me! Have a good one! Bye!
I'm looking for a place to stay that's moderately priced and has a three-star rating.|I have 4 results that match your request, what area are you looking to stay in?
I would prefer something in the north part of town.|I have the alpha-milton guesthouse and the hamilton lodge.  Both moderately priced. Will you need internet?
It doesn't matter with internet. I need to book for 6 people, 5 nights on wednesday, is that possible at all?|No I am sorry no rooms available then, is there anything else I can assist you with? How about a hotel instead?
Could you try the booking for only four nights and see if it works?|Both are available for only 4 nights. The Hamilton Lodge has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|The Hamilton Lodge was unable to accommodate your request for 5 nights. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Could you try four nights?|Your are booked for 4 nights. Your reference number is YT12CF24. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place for us to dine, in the same area of town, please.|The Nirala and the Golden Wok are moderately priced dining options in the north.
Ok, thank you. Will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 17:45 at the Nirala on Wednesday?|You are booked at the Nirala for Wednesday and you table for 6 is reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is HEFMWBTN.
I will also need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.  Can you book that for me?|I've booked your taxi! A White Volkswagen will pick you up at the hotel to bring you to the restaurant by 17:45. The contact number is 07713150675.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.|Okay great, have a good day!
I'm looking for places to go in town. Maybe a swimming pool?|I can help with that. There are 4 swimming pools available; they're in east, north, and centre. Would you like more information?
Well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the southern part of the city.|Yes I have two options: Nusha and Tenpin. Interested in either?
What is the entrance fee for those two options?|I am unsure of the entrance fee, you will have to call the venue's for prices, would you like the phone numbers?
Yes, I would like the phone numbers. I am also looking for a cheap asian restaurant.|The phone numbers are 01223902158 for nusha and 08715501010 for tepin. What area would are you looking for the restaurant in?
It doesn't matter.|There are two Asian places, would you liked me to book one of them?
What are their prices?|The prices for these  restaurants are cheap.
Thank you can I get the area, postcode, and address of tepin?|Sorry, I'm a little confused. Are you looking for information on the attraction Tenpin, or one of the restaurants?
The restaurant please.|The telephone number for the Dojo is 01223363471 and the telephone number for the J restaurant is 01223307581.
I also need their address and postcodes please|j restaurant is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.
Great! I'll also need a taxi to go between the two. I'll need to leave the restaurant by 08:00.|I booked a Yellow Skoda, contact number 07937936752.  It will pick you up from J Restaurant and bring you to Tenpin.  Will that be all today?
No, that will be all, thank you.  You have been very helpful and also patient.  Have a great day.|Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|I'll be happy to help you with that. Is there a certain type of food you would prefer?
I would like a restaurant that serves european food in the expensive price range please.|There are 2 restaurants that meet your criteria; Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. They are both in the centre of town.
Great, can I have the phone number and address for Erania please?|Sure, their phone is 01223368786 and their address is Free School Lane City Centre cb23rh. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called Ruskin Gallery. Can you get me some info on that?|The Ruskin Gallery is in the centre area and the phone number is 01245493131. Would you like the address?
No address needed, thank you. I have all the information I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the gallery and restaurant, I want to leave the restaurant by 13:15|Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus, and the contact number is 07952562480
Thank you very much, that will be all you can do for me for today.|Glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
Hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the North side of town please|i have 33 hotels on the north side of town. what amenities are you looking for?
I'd like it to have free wifi, it doesn't need to have free parking.|Okay and what is your price range?
Any price range is fine.|I recommend city centre north b and b. 	They're in the cheap price range and their address is 328a histon road
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|The room is booked starting Sunday for 4 people, 5 nights. Reference number is : T0GOB1RP. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I would like to dine at an expensive hotel in the same area.|Do you have a food type in mind?
Yes, I would like bistro food please.|There are no restaurants that meet those requirements.
Oh darn it. How about one that offers european food?|There are 3 options in the centre area with european food. Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, postcode cb23rh.  Would you like info on the others also?
Eraina sounds great. Could you please make a reservation for 4 people on Sunday at 17:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VZB1B67F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want to book a taxi|Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination. Do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go to the North.|Okay.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge?
I want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the Eraina restaurant in time for my 17:15 reservation.|Ok I have booked you a red toyota, contact number 07919147301 arriving at 17:05.  Anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you. Goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me get a taxi to the oak bistro?|Sure! When do you need to leave by?
I don't care about that, I just need to arrive by 06:00 please.|What is your departure site?
pizza hut city centre and I need car type and contact number|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07695539890
Thank you, that's all.|I'm happy we could help! Please call us again if we can help you in the future.
Please have a taxi pick me up from riverboat georgina|Ok, What time do you want to be picked up?
I want to be picked up at riverboat georgina around 11:15. I need to get to cambridge arts theatre. What is the car type and the contact number?|Ok, what time do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 11:15.|Your taxi has been booked, you will be riding a white tesla with the contact number 07492127564. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else for now. Thank you for booking the taxi. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I would like a taxi by 16:30 to arrive at Nusha.|Where will you be leaving from?
Carolina bed and Breakfast. I also need the contact number and car type|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07412273994
I need a place to go in the centre for entertainment.|There are no attractions under the entertainment classification in Centre. Would you like to try another attraction type or area perhaps?
Could you please check for architecture?|I could recommend some church's and old schools to visit, would that be ok?
I would like to visit an old school. What is your recommendation?|I recommend a place called "Old Schools" It is known for it's architecture.  Located in the Centre on Trinity Lane.  Does that work?
Yes, I just need the address and postal code. Also, what is the entrance fee?|The address is Trinity Lane postcode cb21tt.  No entry fee!  Anything else I can help you with?
I am also wanting to reserve a table at a place called Cote. Can you help me with that?|Sure.  When would like the reservation for and how many people will be in your party?
Can you book me a table for Wednesday at 17:30 for a party of 5?|It looks like they are already booked for that time slot. Do you have another time you could go?
Yes. how about for 16:30?|Booking for 16:30 is set, the reference number is NDSJBN3W, may I assist with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to from Old Schools to Cote. I need to make sure they arrive soon enough for me to make it to dinner on time.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Tesla. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07900626607. Anything more I can do?
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm coming to Cambridge to visit, and I'd like to try some Chinese food in the centre. Can you help me, please?|We have ten restaurants that match that description . What is your price range?
I would like a restaurant in the moderate price range.|Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
I don't need a reservation right now, but if you could give me the phone number, postcode, and address, that would be great.|Jinling noodle bar's phone number is 01223566188. It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre postcode cb23pp. How else may I assist you?
I am interested in some attractions in the centre as well.  What is there?|There are several old churches, colleges, and there are museums and theatres.
Can you recommend a theatre?|I've got the adc theatre located in the center of town.  How would that do?
Sure. What is the postcode?|The postcode for the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me book a taxi from Jinling noodle bar to ADC please? I would like it to arrive at the restaurant by 10:45.|Of course.  A yellow bmw will pick you up at the Jingling Noodle Bar at 10:45.  The contact number is 07447453701.  Do you need anything else?
Great, that is everything I needed. Thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
Sure. No problem. Bye now.|Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you get me information on a placed called williams art and antiques?|I certainly can. That's a museum in the centre, with free admission.
I would like to find a place called Williams Art and Antiques.|It is a museum located in the centre. Admission is free.
What is the address?|williams art and antiques is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery
Thank you. Can you also tell me about a restaurant called riverside brasserie?|The Riverside Brasserie serves modern european cuisine in the Centre area of town, it is moderately priced.  I would be happy to give you more information or book a table?
I would like you to book for 8 people on 14:30 on sunday|Your reference number is WFZTQIKD.
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to go from Williams Art and Antiques to the restaurant. I need to be there by 14:30.|I have booked your taxi. You'll be expecting a grey lexus. The contact number is 07863326057.
Thank you, goodbye, have a nice day|Enjoy your trip!  Thanks for booking through us.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Meghna.|Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book for 3 people.|Im happy to book that for you, what date and time?
Make the booking for Friday at 13:00. If that isn't available, then 12:00 is fine. Please provide the reference number if you're successful.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 06PQA3E2
Great. I'll also need to make a reservation for a hotel with free parking in the south.|Ok i will try and find you one thank and welcome again
Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town please.|Do you have preferences in the attraction type?
one that offers all indoor games|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre offers multiple sports. Would you like the phone number or address?
Are they are in the centre of town? If so, do they have an entrance fee?|It is located in the east of town but there is no entrance fee listed.
Are there any colleges in the centre of town?|Yes I have many, would you mind a entrance fee?
What's the postcode and entrance fee, if any, for your favorite one?|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu and has no admission fee
I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese place to eat at.|There are three cheap chinese restaurants in the city centre. I suggest the Rice House as it's closest to the college. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, thank you. I need to consult with my friends first. Can you please give me their phone number?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223367755.
Great I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 16:15|okay all I need is your destination.
It will be going to the chinese restaurant your booked.|A black Audi will pick you up, contact number is 07658935119, as your taxi. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's it. Thank you for all your help today. Goodbye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your meal. Any further questions feel free to contact us again.
Hello! I would like to get some Italian food, somewhere in the center of town.|Sure, did you want someone in a certain price range?
No, price doesn't matter.|I can suggest pizza express located at regent street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for Friday at 11:30?|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : WJCH2IJP.
Great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly architecture to look at?|Sure, there are a number of a churches and old schools, do you have a preference?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their entrance fee and address?|Sure, I suggest old schools. Its address is trinity lane and its free.
I also need to book a taxi.|Okay, I'll just need a departure location and a destination as well as a pick up or drop off time
I want to arrive at pizza express for my restaurant reservation after visiting old schools, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey honda
Contact number	:	07392571469
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.  Can't wait to check out Cambridge.|Yes I have both guesthouses and hotels that are 4 stars. Any preference on amenities or price?
I need  it to have free parking too.|I can suggest allenbell.
is it expensive?|no quite cheap actually
Hmm, I don't usually like the cheaper places. How about anything that is moderately priced?|There is nothing that matches your criteria.
No problem. I would like a place to eat. Chinese food around the centre of town.|Okay I have many choices. Do you have a preference for price?
yes is should be expensive|I've heard great things about HK fusion.
Actually, I am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at 14:45 on Monday.|I have 3 options for moderately priced Chinese in the centre. I would suggest jinling noodle bar.
That will be nice. Can you book it for monday at 14:45 for 3 people?|Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, the reference number is : SBDEVYH9.
Thank you. Going back, I don't think we chose a hotel. I need a moderate price guesthouse with 4 stars. Remember?|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses with parking, which side of town are you looking for?
I am looking for the centre area.|Based on the criteria, I cannot find a hotel. Would you like to try a different preference?
What about an expensive one?|The jinling noodle bar had already been booked for you, is that not ok?
No that is fine but I do need a taxi to arrive at the reastaurant by 14:45 and pick me up from the hotel.|I don't see where you have chosen a hotel. Perhaps we should look at that first?
Yes an expensive one would be great with a 4 star rating and free parking.|The university arms hotel sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
No I just need their phone number and address.|They are on regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
Im looking for places to go in Cambridge , near east part of town and a nightclub in same area|I'm sorry, I haven't found any nightclubs in the east part of town, would you like to try a different area?
No, I need to stay in the east, can you look for swimming pools instead?|Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Whitehill Road. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I have the postcode and the entrance fee, please!?|I'm not showing any information on the entrance fee.  The postcode is cb58nt.  The phone is 01223902088 is you would like to call them about the cost.
Thank you, can you also give me information on any restaurants in that area?|I have 9 different restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you are looking for?
I don't have a food preference type. I just want something expensive.|We have 5 expensive restaurants located in the east. The grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori. Would you like to book for any?
Anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at 19:15.|My apologies.  I tried to book at the east expensive restaurants for Tuesday at 19:15, but there was nothing available. Do you have a different day or time preference?
Can you try 18:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YP7M0T3J. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a taxi from the pool to the restaurant. Make sure I arrive by my reservation time please.|Your taxi is booked.  It is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07156793987 and will pick you up at the pool. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|thank you for using out service
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh.|We have a restaurant by that name at 17 Magdelene St. in the city center. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll have 4 people to dine  at 16:30 on Thursday.|You're all set! Your reference number is 2MNU3F8K. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a train there as well?|Yes I can. What's your departure time and city please?
Forget about the train and help me find a theatre to go to while I'm in town|There are 5 located in the center.
Could you give me the post code, area and entrance fee for one of them?|Sure, the ADC Theatre is in the city centre at postcode cb58as. I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Okay. I need a taxi to get to the restaurant by the booked time.|I can book you a taxi and I will get you a confirmation number
Is the alpha-milton guest house still in operation?|Yes they are.  Still on the north side, woudl to liek me to book you or give you their contact info?
Great.  Can you reserve a room for me for Thursday?  There will be 2 of us and we would like to stay for 2 nights.|I reserved a room for you with reference number AOYFLXPT.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for thai food in centre please.|I can reserve at the restaurant named Bangkok City
Okay please book a table for the same group of people at 14:15 on the same day.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is S7RZRH3P.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two.|sure, just to clarify: do you need a taxi to take you from the hotel to the restaurant? or vice versa?
i need to get from the hotel to the restaurant|Okay, when do you want to leave the hotel? When do you want to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to go from the Alpha-Milton to Bangkok City by 14:15.|I reserved a grey Ford for you. The contact number is 07711417288. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Glad you chose us, enjoy your day.
I need to get a taxi out of holy trinity church.|What is your destination?
I'm going to saint johns chop house.|I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I need to arrive at the chop house by 22:30.|Your taxi is booked. Look for a yellow Volkswagen.
I need the contact number please.|The contact number is 07727071722. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all Thank you goodbye.|Please call us anytime. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, please.|In what area would you like to stay?
I prefer the east part of town.  And a 4 star rating if possible.|I have 6 in that area. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price range doesn't really matter. It don't really care if they offer internet though.|Might I suggest the Leverton house? it's located in the east.
Is it  a safe place to stay ?|I do not have that info.
What is the price range?|The Leverton house is in the cheap price range.
Ok. That will be fine. I am also looking for a restaurant called Nandos City centre. What type of food do they serve?|Nandos city centre serves portuguese food. They're in the cheap price range and they're at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at Nandos city center by 09:00|I booked a black BMW and the contact number is 07017169232. Is there anything else I can  help you with?
Perfect, thank you.|Thank you for calling.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road in the City Centre.  The phone number is 01842753771.
Thank you.  Can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is?  I'm looking for somewhere cheap.|The Golden House is in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table?
What is the food type?|They serve chinese food there.
No. I need a guest house, same price as the dining place.|What area would you like to stay in?
meh, i don't really care about the area.|There are two guesthouses in the centre area. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation for one of these?
Sure. I need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on Tuesday. Please book El Shaddai for me.|You're booked! Your reference number is 0H9B4720. Can I assist you with anything further?
Yes, I'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 18:45.|sure thing a black ford will be picking you up, contact number is 07417685839, anything else today?
That will be all today, thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi, could you help me find a taxi out of cocum?|Could you tell me when you would like to leave by and when you would like to arrive?
I need to be picked up by 15:00. Could you provide me the car type and contact number, please?|What is your final destination?
Oh, I'm sorry.  I would like to travel to Gallery at Twelve a High Street.  I actually need to be there by 15:00.|OK, I can make that change.
When will the car arrive?|Unfortunately, it does not give me a specific arrival time. But if you like, you can call them to get that information. Their phone number is 07916703661.
Thanks, I will call them.  Can you tell me what type of car I will have?|Your car type is a white tesla.
Great Thank you. That is all I need to know.|Great. Thank you for calling.
Im in the west side of town, are there any pools on the westside?|Sorry, there are no swimming pools on the West side of town. Any other type of attraction you might be interested in?
Okay, how about a museum, then?|How about Kettle's yard. Would you like the contact info?
Yes, please provide the address.|It is located on Castle Street.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Is there an entrance fee?|No there isn't. Kettle's yard is completely free.
Excellent. Can I have their address?|Of course, the address is on castle street, the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, I'm looking for a 3-star hotel in the south, with free parking.|Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't, pick the best one. Please book a room for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Monday.|Okay. Your booking at the Lensfield Hotel was successful. The reference number is M0Z0VUJL. Can I help with anything else today?
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.  I want to leave the hotel by 20:15 please.|Your taxi will be a yellow Audi. The contact number is 07558448402. Can I do anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all|You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|We have 9 in the area. Is there a particular area you would like to stay ?
I want to be in the north.|I show results for 2 moderate priced hotels, the Ashley and the Lovell. Both have internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
could I have the address please?|Ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road	and lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road.
I need to book for 5 people and 2 nights starting monday. Do either of those have that available?|I have booked you at Ashley hotel for your time requested! Your reference is 6WFHNVGM.
What attractions are close to the Ashley hotel?|We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat nearby. What would you like more information on?
What do you recommend?|I would recommend the Milton Country Park, there is no entrance fee and it's nearby. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, just a taxi form the hotel to the park.   I want a really early morning to find a spot for the sunrise, so leaving at 02:15.|I booked you a white toyota and the driver can be reached at 07502392207. Enjoy the park and if there's anything else you need, I'm here 24/7
Thanks a lot for your help!|You are most welcome. I am glad to be helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like information on the Gonville hotel.|The gonville hotel is in the city centre. It is expensive, and has 3 stars. Free internet and parking. Address is gonville place. Can I get you a booking?
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 3 nights starting on Saturday.|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 28PZGFFT.
Thank you so much!|Thank you. Is there anything else?
Are there any expensive thai paces in the area?|There is bangkok city in the centre would you like me to make you a reservation?
Is that in the west?|It is in the centre, not the west.
I need something in the West|Sala thong is a great thai restaurant on the west side located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need any more information?
What postcode is that?|cb39ey. What else may I do for you?
I also need a taxi that will leave the restaurant by 09:15|Okay, what time do you need to leave?
I need to leave the restaurant by 09:15 to go the hotel. Can you book a taxi for me?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volvo
Contact number	:	07044362431
Can I help with anything else?
No that's it, thank you.|Thanks again for using our service, enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a train that departs on Friday.|Are you looking for a train or a taxi? Where would you like to depart from?
Actually, I'd rather find information about a park, somewhere on the south end of town if possible.|Sure.  There is a cinema at cambridge leisure way.  Would you like to have more information about that?
No thank you.  I was actually looking for a park and not a cinema. Is there a park on the south side of town?|There are two parks in the south area of town. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway and Wandlebury Country Park. Would you like to know more about either?
Yes, could you give me the postcode for Wandlebury Country Park?|The postcode for Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae.  Do you need any more information?
Yes. I'd also like to book a hotel for 4 people.|There are 4 hotels in the south area. Would you like more information about them?
Is there a hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west side of town, moderately priced. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, I want to book it starting Wednesday for 4 nights. It should be for 4 people.|Sure, I booked it. The reference number is ZZAG4CC0. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like a taxi and need to leave the hotel by 24:00.|I booked a Grey BMW for you.  Contact number is 07674785163.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.|Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
I am planning a trip and would love some suggestions on a place to stay when I arrive in Cambridge.|Will you be staying in the centre?
I can stay anywhere but I need the place to be expensive and have free wifi included.|The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Okay, book the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights starting with Sunday. There will be 7 guests.|I was able to book you, the confirmation number is LGM2U4IY, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for museums to visit in town. Do you have any recommendations?|The People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College is a must-see. It's on the west side and has free admission.
Great, would you be able to give me the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223338901 and the address is girton college, huntingdon road
Thanks. Now I'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at 15:15 and take me to gonville hotel. Please give me contact number and car type.|You are all set with a blue toyota, which can be reached at 07287670200. Is that all for today?
yes, that's it for me. thank you! bye!|you are welcome! bye for now!
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, I was unable to find something in entertainment in the centre of town. Can I help you in finding something in a different area or category?
Could you tell me about the types of museums in the Centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre, all of which are free. There are art galleries, an archaeology museum, and a history of science museum.
The History of Science Museum sounds interesting.  Could you please send me the phone number and address?|Their phone number is: 01223330906. Their address is: free school lane. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the centre with no internet.|I'm sorry, there is nothing in the centre without internet.  Would you like to try the North side of town perhaps?
No. I would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. It doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be expensive and with 3 stars.|Then the Gonville Hotel is the place for you. Would you like a room reserved for you?
Yes, if you could do that.|How many nights and starting when?
4 nights starting Friday for just myself.  If you could book that and provide me a reference number that would be great!|Okay, your room is reserved. The reference number is 7OB0YMGO. What else can I help you with?
Please book me a taxi leaving the History of Science Museum back to the Gonville Hotel.  I need to leave the museum by 17:45.|Of course. A blue Volvo will be picking you up at the Museum. The contact number is 07883239708. Will there be anything further?
No, you have been very helpful. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Can you get me a taxi that will transport me to scott polar museum by 02:15?|Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving the graffiti.|I can have a black Honda pick you up, the contact number is 07290394135. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that settles everything. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good one!
Hi I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town serving Indian food.|What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter.|Well I have Curry Garden in the expensive price range that is very good.
I'd like for you to book me a table at 15:15 on Friday for 5 please.  If that isn't available, how about Saturday? I need a reference number please.|You are all set, the reference number is AOXH1ZCQ, can I help with anything else?
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|What is the price range you're looking at?  Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
I would like an expensive guesthouse please.|I'm sorry, I don't see any expensive guesthouses.  Do you want to try another type or price range?
Yes, can you please check guesthouses in the moderate price range?|there are 15 choices. did you have an area in mind?
Can you recommend one and provide me with their star rating and area?|arbury lodge guesthouse is a very popular guesthouse located in the north part of town with a 4 star rating including both internet and parking
I also need a taxi.|Can you tell me which two places you are going between and the time you want the car?
I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse to the restaurant please. I'll need to arrive by 15:15.|Ok I need the name of departure and name of destination.
I'm going from the guesthouse to the restaurant. Again, I'll need to arrive by 15:15.|I have finished booking for you. You will be looking for a black Volkswagen. The contact number is 07359059357. Anything else for you today?
Thank you but that will be all.|I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the south. Do you have any recommendations?|There are 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European?
I think modern European sounds good. Can you book me a table for 7 people at 19:45 on a Friday?|I'm so sorry, but they have no available reservations for that day and time. Would you like me to try another time or day?
Can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. I need a table for 7 Friday at 19:45.|That time is not available for the other restaurants as well. Would you like to book a different time or day?
Would you check the moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south please?|I apologize, there was in fact an open table at the modern European restaurant. I've booked you at Restaurant Alimentum for 7 on Friday at 19:45.
Could I please get the reference number for the booking?|Your reference number is HVTAFS9X. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for some interesting architecture in town.|I have some great architecture attractions for you, all in the center of town. Might I recommend All Saints Church?
that sounds interesting, im also looking for a restaurant|Remember, I've already booked you for Restaurant Alimentum for 7 on Friday at 19:45. Anything else?
Yes, a taxi please! I need to get from the church to the restaurant by 19:45. Gotta make sure I get there for that reservation!|Your booking was successful! The car type is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07119825098.
Thank you so much!|Great I am glad we could help.
Hi, can you help me find a hotel, please?|Sure, we have many hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, I just need it to be 5 stars and include free parking.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels that meet that criteria.  Might you be willing to accept a place with 4 stars and free parking?
Yes, I would like to book a four star hotel then.|We have three hotels matching that search. Could I book a room for  you at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
I'd like to get a little more information first.  What is the price range at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?|It is expensive.  I can check on a cheap hotel if you'd prefer?
No, I really want to stay at the Marriott.|Ok, great! How many guests will there be and how many days would you like to stay?
I don't need a reservation yet. I would like the phone number and postcode, though.|The huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 01480446000, it's postcode is pe296fl. How else can I assist you?
Are there any swimming pools in town?|There are, yes. There's the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch in the east, the Jesus Garden Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool north, and Parkside Pools in the centre.
I want the Abbey Pool. What's its postcode?|The postcode is cb58nt.
Do they offer free breakfast with their rooms .|I'm sorry but I don't have access to that information.
Can you book a taxi for me? From the pool to the hotel?|Yes, what time do you need the taxi?
I'd like to leave the pool by 4:45.|I have a booked a grey honda for you. The contact number is 07636297454. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, just one more thing. What's the address of the Abbey Pool?|That's pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Thank you. Could you book me a taxi from the pool at 4:45 to go back to my hotel?|There is a grey Honda booked for you to go from the pool to your hotel at 4:45. Their contact number is 07636297454 in case you need to reach them.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Sorry for making you repeat yourself like that! Have a great day, goodbye!|No problem at all, and you're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need to book a taxi to arrive by 13:45 to take me to La Margherita.|I can help you with that. where are you going?
I am going to La Margherita.|You are booked. Your car is a white toyota and contact number is 07178746002
Um wait how did you book the taxi if you never even got my departure location?|I can check that. What is your departure location?
I am departing from hakka.|I apologize for the error. You are booked for a blue Volvo with the contact number of 07789499283 from hakka.
Ok that's all I need. Thanks!|You're more than welcome!
Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere in the west.|I can help with that.  Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter, but I do need it to include free wifi.|There are four possibilities. Do you have a price range in mind?
We would like it to be in the expensive price range.|The huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, sounds get.  I need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting monday|I have booked a room for five nights beginning Monday for a party of 1. Your reference number is IXEZZNYL. Can I help you find anything else in the city?
Yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as my hotel?|Would you prefer moderate or expensive prices?
It doesn't matter. You can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is british and in the same area as my hotel|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IXEZZNYL.
Uhh Yes, the name of the place please?   After that I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to arrive at the mysterious unnamed restaurant.|The name is Saint Johns Chop House.   What time would you like a taxi for?
I would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is 14:15.|Your booking is complete. A blue Lexus has been assigned to pick you up. 07848295370 is the contact number. Anything else I can do?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.|You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
Please help me find a four star hotel.|There are many 4 star hotels. What area and price would you like to be in?
Somewhere South, mid price range and preferably a guesthouse type of hotel.|I've found the aylesbray lodge guest house.  It has a moderate price and 4 stars.  It offers free internet and parking.  Shall I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that.|Ok I will book it for you
I need it for 3 nights starting Thursday. There will be 5 of us.|You're all set I've booked the Aylesbray lodge guesthouse for 3 nights 5 people starting Thursday. Your reference # is DTX3QITL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there any expensive Irish restaurants?|Sorry, no venues found. Want to change the food type or price range?
Okay, let's adjust the food type to african please|The Bedouin serves African food, would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address and phone number.|They are at 100 Mill Road City Centre and can be reached at 01223367660. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I would like a cab leaving the hotel by 8:00 going to the restaurant, I need contact number and car type please.|Your red bmw was successful. Your contact number is 07998933072.
Thank you. I do not need any further help right now.|Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you. goodbye
Would you happen to know of any attractions involving architecture in Cambridge?|There are several beautiful churches in the center; are you willing to pay to enter?
Yes, could you please provide the addresses and entrance fees for the churches in the center?|Sure, All Saints Church on Jesus Lane and Holy Trinity Church on Market Street are free to enter. Great Saint Mary's church on Market Square is 2 pounds to enter.
I am also looking for Chinese food in the city center. Can you help me find some restaurant options?|We have 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the expensive price range.|The Sesame Restaurant and Bar sounds perfect for you.  Would you like me to reserve it?
I just need the address, postcode and telephone number for the restaurant at this time.|They are located at 17 Hills Road City Centre, their postcode is cb21nw, and phone number is 01223358899.
Can you help me look for a taxi that will leave All Saints Church by 17:45?|Could you tell me your destination please?
I need to go to the sesame restaurant and bar.|Okay, I've booked a car for you. It's a white Tesla. The contact number is 07746645374. What else can I do for you?
That will be everything I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Are there any hotels that offer both free parking and free wifi?|Almost every place in Cambridge meets those requirements! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I need it to be in the cheap range.  Thanks for helping me with this!|You're very welcome. We have ten great, inexpensive guesthouses spread throughout Cambridge, such as our Alexander Bed & Breakfast which is rated 4 stars.
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IQ8WDOKB. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for the Shanghai family restaurant|Yes of course, the Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre of town, would you like me to book it for you?
May I just get their phone number please.  I am also going to need a taxi.|Their phone number is 01223301761. Where are you headed in your taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at 11:15 and go to the restaurant. Please give me car type and contact number too.|I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07084963980. What else would you like today?
Great, thanks! That is all for now.|Glad to help. Enjoy your visit.
I am heading to Cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice expensive restaurant to eat at.|There are plenty of expensive restaurants in Cambridge.  Do you have a particular area or food type in mind?
I would like it to be in the centre area, please.|The kymmoy meets your criteria and serves asian oriental food.
I would like to make a reservation for 7 people on Sunday, please.|What time on Sunday would you like the reservation for?
We'd like to dine at 19:45. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.|I'm sorry, they're booked up for 19:45. Will another time do?
Yes, I would like to book for 18:45. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.|I was able to get you a table at the 18:45 time.  Reference number is : 03N9DFPO.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a museum in the same area. Can you find one?|Yes, that's no problem. How about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's free to enter.
That sounds good. What is their postcode and phone number please?|The postal code is cb23dz, the phone number is 01223333516, can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places. I want to be sure to arrive at the restaurant before our reservation.|I got you a white volkswagen reserved contact number 07430137522.
Thank you. That will be all. Goodbye.|My pleasure! Good bye.
I want to visit an architecture attraction in the south of town.|I don't show anything in the south.  can i look in another area for you?  I'm sure we can find some great architecture elsewhere.
Is there any with the type of entertainment here?|Yes.  You could go to Nusha or Tenpin.
Tenpin sounds fun. What's their postcode, please?|It's cb17dy.  They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you find me a cheap place to stay with free wifi?|In what area would you like to stay?
What area would you recommend?|There is Rosa's Bed and breakfast in the south part of town, not too far from Tenpin. Would you like me to check if they are available?
Does it have free parking, I really don't need free parking, and I worry about security at the places that do have free parking.|Yes, rosa's does have free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure yet, what is the postal code there?|Its postal code is cb22ha.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.  I want to leave the attraction by 03:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07944936323 is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's all I need. You've been very helpful, thank you!|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
Hi! I would like to book a taxi that will take me to Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. I will be departing from Parkside Pools.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 02:00|I can book a Black Ford for you. The contact number of the company is 07708238835. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you very much.|We are happy to help. Do you require any further assistance?
nope that is all thank you so much you are amazing and awesome and cool and nice|Thank you for the kind words.  You have a great day.
I'm interested in going to The Junction during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|It is located in the south part of town at clifton way.
Great! Can I get the postcode?|The postcode for The Junction is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that will be all. Thanks and have a good day.|Enjoy your visit to the Junction! Have a great day!
Yes actually I am looking for a place to stay in the epensive price range with free wifi, a 3 star rating and also free parking.|The Lensfield Hotel is nice.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I sure would.  Can you also tell me the address and postcode?  Thanks!|cb21en, post code. Adress is 53-57 lensfield road. Shall I book you in?
No, but can you get me a taxi between the two places?|Which place is the departure site and which is the destination?
The departure will be the hotel postcode cn21en to travel to the Junction.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
Sorry, I actually want to go from the attraction to the hotel. And I want to leave the attraction vy 19:45. Book that please and give me the info.|Done! You'll be picked up in a red Skoda, and the contact number is 07784377878. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.|you are welcome and have a good day
I'd like to know if there's a swimming pool to go to in the center of Cambridge?|Parkside pools is located in the centre of town.
Please get me their address.|Their address is Gonville Place. Phone is 01223446100.
Thank you appreciate the fast info.  I am also looking for a guesthouse.  Can you help me book it?|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel in the centre by the pool.|There aren't any guesthouses that match your criteria in the center, however there are many in the north, south, east, and west. Would you like one of these areas instead?
North sounds good.|Sounds good there are 9 choices in the north but I recommend avalon, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|Do you want me to book you at any hotel of my choosing?
You said the avalon..that sounds fine.|Done! The reference number is T1XHLK4I. Can I help you with anything else?
Lastly, I will need a taxi from the Avalon to to the Parkside pools by 24:30.|The car will be a grey honda and their contact number is 07399252807. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks a bunch. That's all. Goodbye|Have a good evening. Bye.
I am looking for something fun to do in the south part of town. Do you have any suggestions on a great attraction?|You could check out the byard art museum.
Sure, can I learn more about it?|It's a museum on King's Parade. There's no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223464646 to check their current attractions.
Thank you, are there any expensive restaurants in that same area?|Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve turkish food.|there is none that serves Turkish food, can we look elsewhere?
How about Chinese food? Are there any available for that?|Yes, there are two restaurants available. The Good Luck Chinese food takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Are these suitable?
Let's go with Peking Restaurant. Can you book a table for 6 at 18:30 on Monday, please?|I am sorry, I am unable to make that reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could you try for Satrday then?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : M4CO18OY.  Can I help you further?
I also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by 18:30|Alright I successfully booked a taxi for you.  It will be a yellow toyota and the contact number is 07183586929.  Is there anything else you need?
thanks so much for all of your help!|Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I am looking for a attraction called whipple museum of the history of science.|That museum is in the centre of town on free school lane. Is there other information you are looking for?
How much is admission?|They offer free admission. Is there any other information I can provide for you?
Yes, find me a cheap place to eat in the center|What type of food are you interested in eating?
I am interested in Italian food.  However I just remembered, I need the phone number for Whipple Museum of History and Science please.|Their phone number is 01223330906.
There are a couple Italian restaurants in the area ranging from moderate to expensive. Would you like me to look them up for you and make a reservation?|Not at this time, could I just have the phone number of an expensive Italian restaurant?
I need a reservation fo 3 at 16.30|which day an time do i book?
Please reserve the restaurant for Saturday at 16:30 for 3 people.|I have booked a table for you at Clowns Cafe. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is WYVYSLFF. How else can I help?
I need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant.  please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at Clown|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07915745196
That is everything, you were very helpful.|Thank you, enjoy your day
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.|There a several throughout the city.  Is there an area of town in which you would prefer to dine?
Not really. I've heard Saffron Brasserie is good, though. Could you book a table for 6 there at 19:45 on Wednesday?|Done! Your reference number is MFP31MA6. Do you need anything else?
I would also like to find something fun to do in the west of town.|There are several Colleges and Museums you can visit. Would you like a recommendation for both?
Just choose one that is your favorite and tell me its type and phone number|Churchill College's phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I assume that is a college type, right? And I also need a taxi|Yes it is and they have free entrance. Where would the taxi be picking you up?
I need to be picked up at the college and arrive at the restaurant by 18:45.|I have booked a red skoda as your taxi. You can reach them at 07447845138
.
I appreciate all your help. That will be all for now.|I'm glad we could help! Contact us anytime you need anything in Cambridge. Good Bye.
i need a taxi arrive 5:45 destination restaurant two two|Where will you leave from?
I need to leave from lynne strover gallery.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07171354164
i need a place to stay|I'm happy to help you find something. To start, do you have a certain area of town in mind?
Centre, please. I want a type of hotel and free parking and free wifi, please.|Sure I have so many options. Is there an area of town you would like to stay in?
Oh, yes. The center, please.|I have 4 results for that, 2 are expensive and 2 are cheap. Which price range do you prefer?
It does not matter.  Just make a suggestion and please provide the address.|I have a 4 star guesthouse in the cheap price range.  It's located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.  Can I book for you?
I also need a swimming pool to go to.|Parkside Pools is also in the centre of town. would you like more info?
Yes, I'd like to have the address, phone number, and entrance fee, please?|No problem! 01223446100, gonville place, no entrance fee listed though.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time will you need the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 04:00|Where would the taxi pick you up from?
As I said before, I want to go from my hotel to the swimmingpool|A grey audi will pick you up at Alexander Bed and Breakfast at 04:00 and take you to Parkside Pools. If you need to contact the driver, call 07011763423.
I think that is all that I need thank you for your help today. I appreciate it.|enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
I'm looking for for a cinema in the south. Can you give me some information on cinema's in the south?|there is only one, it's called cineworld cinema
How much is that cinema's entry fee?|I'm afraid that the entry fee for Cineworld Cinema is unknown. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'll need it to be moderately priced, in the same area as the attraction, and free parking, please?|bridge guest house	is a 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town in the moderate price range with free wifi and parking.
Do they have a room available for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and checking in Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z108ABS3. Can I help you with anything else ?
I need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, I want to leave the cinema by 08:15.|Booked you a taxi ride look for a red tesla car contact number is 07746939508. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything that I need?|Have a wonderful time.
Thanks, have a great day!|Thank you for using our service today.
Hi, I'm looking for information on a restaurant called efes. What type of food do they serve and will I need reservations?|Efes serves turkish food and is located at king street city centre.  I can book a reservation for you if you would like.
Yes, please. I will need a table for 4 at 18:30 on Saturday. Thank you.|Alright, I have made your reservation. The reference number is ID46B4KQ.
Can you also help me with places to go in the west of town? I'm looking for entertainment.|Whale of a Time is in the west. Does that sound good?
That sounds great. Can you tell me their postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure, it is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  Postcode cb238el, and phone number 01954781018.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to take me from the attraction to my restaurant in time for my reservation. Tell me the car type and contact number for the taxi too.|A black tesla will arrive. Reach them at 07424011188. Is that everything for today?
That is all for today. Thank you for your time.|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
Hi, I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions on my upcoming trip.  Can you help me find a place to dine when I am there?|Of course I can help you with that. May I ask your price range and what kind of food you would like to eat?
I would like expensive italian food.  What do you suggest?|Does it matter where your restaurant is located? We have four expensive italian restaurants in the center, and one in the south.
I would like the one in the South.|I would recommend Frankie and Bennys. Would you like any particular information about that restaurant?
Please book that one for 5 people on Thursday at 17:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:30. Your reference number is IIL1W17L
I am also looking for a swimming pool.|I would recommend parkside pools in the centre, would you like more information?
Where is the area the swimming pool is? Also can i have contact number and Car type of a taxi to commute between these to place on time.|The pool is located in the centre. For your taxi what time would like to leave the restaurant and arrive at the pool?
Well, my reservation is at 17:30 so before that.|Ok that is reserved the car type is a white skoda and contact number is 07749508592.
Great thank you, that was all I needed today.|I hope you have a great trip!
I'm visiting the area and want to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast.|Sure thing! If you can tell me the day you're arriving, the number of nights you're staying, and the number in your party, I'd be happy to book that!
I'm still working out the details for all of that.  Can you tell me the star rating of the hotel?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse located in the South. Can I help you further today?
Yes.  I would like to visit a museum while I am there.|The Bryard Art Museum is also in the South and has no entrance fee. Will that do?
What is the postcode, phone number and address of this place?|I'd be happy to provide the information. The address is 14 Kings's Parade, cb21sj. You can reach the museum at 01223464646. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a taxi that will take me there. I want to leave the hotel by 18:30. I need the contact number and car type of the taxi.|OK, a red Toyota will pick you up at Rosa's B&B at 18:30. The contact number is 07584591119.
thanks so much, bye|Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye.
Hi, do you know of a hotel called finches bed and breakfast?|Yes of course. It is rated 4 stars, is located in the west and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Sure. I'd need a room for 8 people, 5 nights starting on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6AYRAXKH. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Italian food.|There are five great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend caffe uno located in the centre of town.
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.
The restaurant should be in the south|My favorite restaurant would fit your criteria.  It's called Frankie and Bennys.  Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?|Sure, I'll get right to that. First, can I ask the day you'd like to eat there? Also, what time and how many people?
I actually dont need a reservation. just the address, postcode and phone number please.|They are located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. Phone: 01223412430.
Thank you, can I get a taxi as well? I need to leave the hotel by 16:45 and go the restaurant.|Okay, I've booked you a taxi leaving your hotel at 16:45. Look for a blue toyota, and if you need to contact them their number is 07524587523.
Excellent, that's all the information I need, thank you for your help!|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.|I've found 21 4 star hotels. Is there a certain area you want to stay in?
Yes, in the east, please.|I have found several hotels. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would not mind finding one with free wifi.|Unfortunately, we don't have any hotels with those preference in the area, but we do have 6 guesthouses available. Would a guesthouse be okay?
A guesthouse is fine. Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the Leverton House. It's a cheap guesthouse, but still a 4-star establishment.
That sounds good.  Can you give me the address and postcode for Leverton House?|They are located at 732-734 newmarket road, and postcode is cb58rs
Thank you. I'm also looking for a venetian restaurant on the east side as well.|I'm sorry there are no Venetian restaurants. Are there any cuisines I can look for?
Yes, how about one that serves Indian food?|There are four restaurants that serve indian food in the east. Do you have a price range?
Book one of them for 8 people at 14:15 on tuesday.|Alright, I have you booked at Curry Prince. Your reference number is: 55UNFF8Z. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, can you schedule a taxi to take me from Leverton House to Curry Prince? I need to get there by 14:15.|Okay, your taxi car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07967879848. Is there anything else you need?
That is all.  Thank you|Great! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the south part of town.|Yes, there are three, What is your price range?
I want something expensive.|There are two restaurants that match your criteria. Peking Restaurant is one of them.
Let's book Peking for 1 person on Friday at 15:15.|I have made those reservations your reference number is J9NGMKIA.
Thanks so much for your help.|Its been my pleasure. If there's anything else I can help you with, please let me know otherwise have a great day.
I'm looking to book a taxi to Pembroke College for this evening.|Where will you be departing from?
I need to leave from primavera|Great, do you have a leave by, or an arrival time in mind?
I want to leave by 9:15. I also need to know the car type and contact number.|Okay, look for a yellow audi to pick you up. The contact number is 07881400116. May I assist you with anything else?
no thats all thanks|It has been a pleasure. Have a great day.
I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the city center.|I have several options for you - one African restaurant, one Asian Oriental, and 3 serving British cuisine. What would you like?
I am really looking for something that offers Japanese food.|We have a match for you! Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. Would you like to book?
Yes.  Book for 3 people on Monday at 17:30.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BKZ9DJQN.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
No, that's all I needed.  Thank you for the help!|Great!  Have a terrific time!
Hi, do you have a listing for the copper kettle? It's a restaurant.|Yes I do,it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre, would you like to make a booking?
yes please for 3 people on satruday around lunch time|Do you have a specific time in mind?
Actually, I don't need to reserve just yet.  Can you please just give me the postcode and price range?|Sure, the postcode is cb21sj, and the price range is moderate. Is that all you need today?
Yes that would be all. Thank you|Have a lovely day!
Oh, wait!  While I have you, I can go ahead and check on hotels.  I need a hotel with free parking.|Sure, is there an area or a price range you are interested in?
No but I do need to make sure it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.|There are 8 hotels with free parking. How about Ashley Hotel? It's a moderate 2 star hotel in the north with free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. I need it for one person and three nights starting Saturday. Thank you!|Ok, I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel.  Your reference number is T0WK7HHS.  Is there anything else I can do to help you this evening?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. I need to leave the restaurant by 10:45. What taxi do you have available?|Okay, what time do you want to arrive at the restaurant by?
I actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. We will be done eating by 10:45, so please have the taxi for us by then.|Ok, you're taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I get the contact number and type of car, as well?|The contact number is 07703313171 and the car is a white volkswagen.
Okay great. That's all the information I need for now. Thanks.|You're very welcome, have a wonderful day.
I want to visit the cambridge artworks.|Okay I found Cambridge Artworks on 5 greens road in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes I need to know if there is an entrance fee or not and the postcode for the area.|no entrance fee and the post code is cb13ef.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre.  I am interested in a moderate price range.  What can you recommend?|the oak bistro is an amazing british restaurant in the centre.
Great! Can i get their phone number, address and postcode?|The phone number is 01223323361. The address and post code are 6 Lensfield Road cb21eg. Would you like me to book a reservation for your party?
Yes please. I would also like to book a restaurant.|Great, ,can you let  me know what day, time and how many people will be there?
Don't worry about booking me. I need to get a ride to the restaurant though.|Okay, I will need to know your departure location and a time to leave at or arrive by before I can book a taxi
I want to leave the restaurant at 04:30. My destination is Cambridge Artworks. Please give me car type and contact info.|You are all set with a white tesla, contact: 07205500019
Thanks, I won't need anything else today|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I want to find out more about places to dine in the city centre that serve asian cuisine.|we have 4 options. which is your price range?
I don't really have a price range - I just need a table for 2 at 17:00 on Wednesday. Pick your favorite and let me know!|I booked you a moderately priced restaurant in the city's centre called Yippee Noodle Club.  Your reference number is 0P6H7PDL.  Can I help you further?
No, that's it thank you.|We can also arrange a taxi from your hotel to the restaurant when you are ready, just let us know a hour or so in advance of your reservation on Wednesday.
That's an excellent idea. Could you help me find a hotel in the north?|There are plenty of locations that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by stars, internet, or price range?
The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.|Acorn Guest House is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Do they have free parking?|Yes the Acorn Guesthouse has free parking available.
I am also looking for lodging in the expensive price range. Does the Acorn Guesthouse fit this requirement?|Acron guest does meet your requirements would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, I want it booked for 2 people on wednesday for 2 nights|I have that booked and your reference number is BQBO6HOV.
Thanks. Now I'll just need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant, arriving by 17:00. Please give me car type and contact info|blue volkswagen
Contact number:07882720799 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's will do it for now. Thank you|Thank you have a wonderful time in the city centre.
Can you arrange for a taxi to bring me to kohinoor?|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arrive no later than 12:45 please|And where would you like to be picked up from?
I'm leaving from wandlebury country park.|I have a black volvo coming to pick you up.  Their contact number is 07270738865 if you have any questions.  Thank you!
Thank you that is all I need today.|Enjoy your trip!
Hello I'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of Cambridge.|We have 9 restaurants to chose from. There are Italian, Indian, French, Chinese, European and Asian Restaurants.  What sound good to you?
I prefer Chinese. Something is the expensive price range|I would suggest the hakka it is chinese in the north and is expensive.  Would you like to make reservations?
I'd like to get the address and postcode.  Yes, I'd like a reservation please.  This place sounds great.|Hakka is located on Milton Road, Chesterton, cb41jy.  When would you like your reservation?
On Friday. I also need a 4 star hotel in the west.|We have one in the cheap and one in the expensive range. Which would you prefer?
I actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the expensive option.|Hutington Marriot is an expensive 4-star hotel on Kingfisher Way. It's phone number is 01480446000. Should I book that for you?
I'm sorry, I've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap hotel. Could you just give me the information on that one? No booking today.|The Cambridge Belfry is hotel in the west, within the cheap price range. What information on the hotel would you like?
do they offer free parking?|Yes. the cambridge belfry offers free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like me to book it?
No, thanks, but I do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:15, please.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from the hotel and restaurant. It will be a red volkswagen. the contact number:	07761073818
Thank you,thats all I need today.|Thanks for contacting us!
I'm looking to book a particular hotel today. Could you help me?|I sure can.  We have 33 hotels and guesthouses to choose from.  Is there anything specific you need from the hotel/guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for Finches Bed and Breakfast. Is that on your list?|Yes, the address is 144 thorton road and they can be reached at 01223276653. Anything else?
Do they have free parking and what type of hotel is it?|It is a guesthouse and it does have free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm also looking for attractions in center and free entrance.|We have 25 attractions in the centre with free entry. Do you have a preference for what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Not really, pick the one you think would be best for a tourist.|I would recommend the primavera museum, would you like more info?
Is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Would you like me to look up anything else for you?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to get between the two places.|what time would you like to leave the finches bed and breakfast?
Actually, I want to go from Primavera to the hotel, please.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to leave the attraction by 9:15.|You will be picked up by a red ford. Your contact number is 07926020669. May I help with something else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.
I need a taxi at Jesus College to leave after 10:00.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first could you tell me what your destination is?
I'm going to royal standard.|I have you booked in a grey Volkswagen, 0761714851.
Alright, that's all I need, thanks!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Hello!  I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre please!|There is a movie theatre, a concert hall, nightclubs, and museums. What would you like?
Could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of museum?|There are 11 museums listed in the centre area. Cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries are two that are listed. Would you like more information on one of these?
What is the entrance fee for the contemporary art museum?|The entrance fee is free.
Free is the best price! I'll probably be hungry after the museum. Are there any moderately priced Italian restaurants around?|Pizza Express is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it or to are you interested in booking a table?
Could you book a table for me? I need a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday.|It has been booked, your reference number is QFN3A3E9.
Great! I'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by 11:30. Can you book one for me?|Its booked! Its a red Volvo
Can I please have the contact number for the taxi company?|Of course. The contact number is 07172397913. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you using Cambridge TownInfo centre today! Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need a place in the north with free wifi, please.|I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't care about the price, but it should be 4 stars.|You have eight options for lodging. Do you need parking?
No that does not matter.  Please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|how about arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights  starting on sunday.|Your booking for 1 at the arbury lodge guesthouse this sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : X1GCL10K. Anything else for today?
Yes, Can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 11:15 on the same day?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is  DPR6YMGB. What else can I help with today?
That will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using our service! Please contact us if you need more information about Cambridge. Have a good day.
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|Prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like to go there?
I need something in the centre part of town. What do you have?|I have two options to choose from.  Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton are both in the centre of town.
I'd like to make a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.|I can do that.  When will you be eating?
We will be eating at 14:30 on Wednesday. I need the reservation to be for 7 people.|I have booked you a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton for 7 people on Wednesday at 14:30. Your reference number is 4DVILHUV. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse.|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay somewhere near the restaurant.|There are two hotels available. Do you have a preference between 0 or 4 stars?
3 stars will be fine thank you|Alexander bed and breakfast	is the 4 star rated place.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has both wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
book for 7 people for 5 days from wednesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 62UNRH8C.
I wouls also need a taxi|I would be happy to book your taxi. I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination please.
I want it to take me from Alexander B&B to Pizza Express Fen Ditton to get me there by 14:30.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a yellow Volkswagen. Please call 07236965666 should you need to reach them.
thanks! that will be all for today.|Thank you, enjoy your stay!
Hi! I am attempting to find a restaurant in Cambridge called Traveller's Rest. Do you know of it?|Sure, do you want me to make a booking or do you need more information?
I would like to book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on sunday. I will need the reference number as well.|Ok, it's booked! Your reference number for the reservation is GZ16XA39.
Great! I'm also looking for something fun to do in town. Can you help me find something to do?|We have many great attractions here. Is there some place specific you would like to go?
I am looking for something in the centre.|Ok, is there a specific attraction type you are interested in seeing?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction preferably.|I'm not showing anything in the centre.  Is there another area you're interested in visiting, or a different type of attraction?
Ok, how about a park in the centre. Are there any?|I am not finding any parks. Sorry.
what kind of entertainment are there in centre?|There isn't any entertainment in the centre would you like to try another area or another type of attraction?
Just find me a park anywhere then.|cambridge university botanic gardens is in the centre area. I'm sorry I couldnt find it before. Can I get you more info on that?
Could you provide me with the address, please?|The address there is bateman street.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you.  Where would you like to depart from?
From the park to the restaurant, I would like to get there by the booked time.|I have your taxi booked, it is a black toyota and the contact number is 07523319524.  Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Your welcome. enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for places to go here in the centre of town.  Could you please assist me?|What kind of place? Are you looking for entertainment, dinner, culture, or what?
I would like to go to a museum please.|I recommend Castle Galleries.
Does Castle Galleries have an entrance fee?|No, Castle Galleries is free to enter!
Wonderful. I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant near the Castle Galleries. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at 12:30?|Would you like a cheap, moderate, or expensive restaurant?
It doesn't matter, whatever you recommend will be fine. As long as it's in the same area as Castle Galleries and serves Chinese food.|I have the Sesame Restaurant and Bar that is a more expensive Chinese restaurant also located in the town centre. Would you like more information or I also have others?
Yes, I would like to go to the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. I would need to book a taxi to get from the museum to the restaurant.|I have booked you a blue toyota taxi and its contact number is 07271370296.
Great, wonderful! That's all I needed.|If that is all, I would like to thank you for using our service.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to da vinci pizzeria and should depart from the missing sock.|Do you know what time you would like to arrive?
By 02:00 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black toyota
Contact number	:	07381507010
Perfect. That'll be all. Thank you so much for your help. Have a good day.|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye
I am planning my trip and would like to find a guesthouse to stay at.|And where would you like this guesthouse to be?
North part of town and moderate price with wifi|How about acorn guest house?
Do they have free parking?|Yes they do have free parking. Do you need me to book you a room?
No, please get me their address and phone number.|They are on 154 chesterton road, postal is cb41da, phone number is 01223353888, can I help with anything else?
I was wondering whether there are any concerthalls in the east that I could check out.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any concert halls in the east. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
How about a museum?|we have museums in the east quite a few actually how can I help you?
Just pick one.|Okay! How about Cambridge Artworks? Admission is free!
Sure, I can try that.|Ok great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the postcode to that place?|The postcode for Cambridge artworks is cb13ef. Anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, Have a great day!
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre part of town.|Do you have a certain type of cuisine in mind?
Anything would be fine.|Well, if you're interested in something unusual, we have the Bedouin, which serves African cuisine. Or there's the more traditional Cote, which serves French cuisine.
Thank you what is the address and what is the pesticide for Bedouln. What fun attractions are near by?|The address for bedouin is 100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. What kind of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a college, fairly close to the restaurant, if at all possible.|There are many colleges in the area I recommend corpus christi it costs 2 pounds but is beautiful. A free college is emmanuel college. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to help me get around between the two areas. I want to leave the restaurant at 12:00.|first, let's determine which of the two colleges you would like to be your destination after the restaurant.
I'd like to go to Emmanuel College from the restaurant.|Your all set, look for a red lexus, the contact number is 07138753925, can I assist with anything else?
Thanks! No that's it!|Thanks for calling - and enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I'm looking for places to go in town. The attractions should be in the centre.|There are many things to do in a centre. Are you most interested in a museum, a church, a college, or something else?
Book me for a college and  entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode|downing college is a college, it is free. Postcode: cb21dq.
I also am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|What preference would you have in relation to price, area or amenities.
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range that has free parking & wifi.|What about archway house in the north?
That sounds nice, I need to arrive on sunday, I will have 8 total guests and we are staying for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : VQ9MDB4E. is therebany other way i can be of help?
Thank you! Will you please book me a taxi between the two places, leaving at 01:45?|I have booked your taxi. You will be awaiting a yellow toyota. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the number is 07039085605.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes, that is all. Goodbye.|Your welcome, it was my pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye
Hi, I am planning a trip to your beautiful town and am looking for places to go when I get there.  Can you help me?|Certainly.  Do you have any particular types of things you'd like to see?
I'm interested in exploring the local architecture.|There are many colleges and churches to see.
Do you have a favorite?|My favorite is clare hall.
I need a place that is architecture.|How about old schools?  It is architecture and a school!
Could I have the postcode, area and entrance fee of what you recommend?|Okay, Old Schools is on Trinity Lane and is in the centre. Post code is cb21tt and it is free admission.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the north. Do you have anything like that?|there are no expensive hotel in the north. can you change the location?
I would like to stay in the north but can you try in the moderate price range and see if any are available?|We have 2 matches. ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both have the identical amenities. Do you prefer one over the other?
Let's go with Ashley Hotel.  For 8 people and 2 nights starting from Saturday.  I need the reference number.|You are booked, the reference number is QBIAGDVH, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need to book a taxi from Old Schools to leave by 21:30|Where would you like to be picked up?
Pick me up from the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Skoda and the contact number is 07641158259.
Thank you for all your help! That will be all!|Thank you for choosing Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a good day!
I am looking for a place to dine! I would prefer chinese food located in the north.|There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the north. One is in the moderate price range and two are in the expensive price range. Do you have a preference?
I would like one in the expensive range please|I can recommend the hotpot.  Would you like help making a reservation?
Not at this time. Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode?|The address is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, the post code is cb41ep and the phone number is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I'd like to go somewhere in town, like a boat or something.|If you are interested in boating, I have 4 different venues available. I have some in the north, east and centre of town. Which do you prefer?
How about one in the north?|The Riverboat Georgina may interest you then it is located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House in the North with a phone number of 01223902091.  Can I help you more?
I will also need a taxi to get to the boat from the restaurant.|When would you like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 14:15|I was able to book you a black volkswagen, phone number is 07123207292
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
I want to book a 05:45 taxi to come to Bishops Stortford Train Station.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford Station.|I'm sorry for the confusion, please clarify if you are arriving or departing at bishops stortford train station.
I'm departing from bishops stortford train station.|Thank you. Where is your destination, please?
I would like to go to Cambridge train station will you send me the car type and contact number?|I have booked a taxi for you at 05:45. The car type is a blue lexus and the contact number is: 07791528384
.
Sounds good. Thanks, goodbye.|Can I help you with anything else?
I need to get to bangkok city by 12:00 today. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from jesus green outdoor pool.|Alright, I have arranged for a grey toyota to take you. They can be reached at 07230483691. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much. Bye!|Happy to help! Please take care!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be either a hotel or guesthouse with 1 star and moderate price range. Can you help me with that?|There are actually no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about 2 stars? It does need to include free parking.|ashley hotel is a nice 2 star hotel.
How about a hotel with 4 stars instead?|At 4 stars you have many options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in a good part of town.  Can you please give me the phone number?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223525725.
what's their address?|the address is 56 saint barnabas road
What hotel type is that?|It is a guesthouse. Want me to book it?
No thank you. I do need help finding places to go in town. I'm looking for entertainment in the centre of  town.|I dont see any entertainment in the center of town. Could I try a different area for you?
How about a college instead?|There are several available. Do you have a preference on if there is a fee or free?
Free would be preferable. I also need a taxi.|Okay, christ's college is free admission.
I would also like to book a taxi to and from the hotel that leaves by 13:30.|Okay! Just to clarify, from where will you be departing?
I am so sorry.  I don't know where my head has been. I need to leave the hotel by 13:30, going to Christ's College.|Great! I have booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow audi, and the contact number is 07663388074. Can I help with anything else?
you have been of great help thank you|I am glad. thanks you too.
Can you have a taxi pick me up from el shaddai?|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'll be going to gonville hotel and need to arrive by 06:45. Let me know the taxi type and their contact info.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow toyota
Contact number	:	07796401968
awesome, thank you!|Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you.|You're quite welcome. Have a wonderful stay in Cambridge! Bye.
Hi there! I need a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.|There are several.  Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north of possible.|There are eight. What price range would you like? Moderate or cheap?
I would like a moderately priced hotel.  I'd like to book it starting Wednesday for 5 nights for 2 people if possible. Can you help?|There are 7 moderately priced lodging accommodations to choose from, but they are all guesthouses rather than hotels. Would one of them do? The Archway House is very nice.
The Archway House would be fine. Can you book me a room for Wednesday for 2 people, 5 nights please?|I was successful in booking the Archway House. Your reference number is QEWQ8SSL. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to eat.  I'd like a moderately priced restaurant that serves Halal food. Can you check that out?|I'm sorry, we don't have any Halal restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
Are there any good restaurants near the hotel?|there are nine restaurants in the north.
Okay, I'm looking for something then that serves Indian food.|There are two options, The Nirala which is in the moderate price range and Royal Spice which is in the cheap price range.
The Nirala would be fine. I would like to book a table for the same day|How many people will be eating and for what time?
2 people at 11:30, please.|Your reservation for 2 at the nirala this wednesday at 11:30 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 56DW8LTL.
thanks I need a cab to and from. I need to get at the restaurant on time|Booking completed! Your car is a red ford and the contact number is 07386738541.
Thanks for the help, goodbye.|You're welcome. If you need anything else, please contact us.
I'm looking for an expensive place to get some British food.|I have 6 expensive British restaurants for you.  Do you have a specific area that's more convenient?
Any area is fine.|Great.  How about fitzbillies restaurant in the centre?
postcode, phone number, and address please and thank you|The post code is cb21rg, the phone number is 01223352500 and this is the address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
Thank you, can I get info on hotels that are 4 stars and have wifi?|Certainly. There are two hotels on the west side and the university arms hotel in the centre of town.
Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel.|That is available will you be needing a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Saturday. Please, I will need the reference number.|Got it. Here is your reference number : QGL24UOF.
Perfect, thank you. Finally, I need a taxi to go between Fitzbillies and the University Arms Hotel.|Will you be going to the hotel from the restaurant or vice versa? And I need to know when you want to leave or arrive by.
I will be going to the restaurant from the hotel.|Ok great, and what is your time preference?
Actually, I want to go from the restaurant to the hotel instead. I want to leave the restaurant by 17:15.|Ok, I have you booked in a yellow volkswagen and you can reach them at 07182852821. What else can I do for you today?
Great, thanks! That is everything I needed.|You're very welcome. Let us know if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves molecular gastronomy.|I show no restaurants matching those criteria. Would you like to change your price range or the cuisine?
What about a cheap vietnamese place?|Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Can I have the phone number for that location as well as the address?|Absolutely. The phone number is 01223362456 and the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guesthouse that has free wifi included.|I have found 23 hotels fitting that criteria. What area of town would you like, or what pricerange?
I don't want to stay in a hotel, I'd prefer a guesthouse please that has free wifi and free parking.|There are several guesthouses with the criteria that you provided.  Do you have a preference from the list of hotels?
Yes can you please list the hotels names please.|Due to the size of the list could you provide your price range or the area you would prefer to help narrow it down?
I don't really have a price range. What do you suggest?|The allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It is in the cheap price range, but has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for four nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry there is not availability at the allenbell for 4 nights, are you able to stay for a shorter period of time?
I suppose I can start out with three nights, if that is available.|I was able to book your room at the Allenbell for 3 nights. Your reference number is  K86FT247. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
If it isn't too much trouble, I'd like to book a taxi between the two places, leaving the restaurant by 02:15. I need the contact number and car type, too.|I have booked you a yellow tesla. The contact number is 07504166156.
Thank you that's all I needed!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like to know if there is an Italian restaurant nearby me.|We have 15 italian restaurants.  Let me find one close to you, what area are you in?
I guess we don't need a restaurant after all. My husband isn't hungry. He wants to take a look at a college instead.|There are many colleges to choose from, which area of town are you interested in?
I would like to find one in the west. Are there any in that area?|The are five colleges in the west. Would you like to visit a free one or one with an entrance fee?
I don't care, just need the postcode, phone number, and address.|Okay Churchill College is free and their address is  Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and their phone number is 01223336233.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the same area as the attraction.|What type of food would you like?
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday, and I'll need the reference number too please|Ok, I've booked you a table for 4 at Prezzo. Reference number is YXVRL9YK, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I'll also be needing a taxi to get me from the college to the restaurant.|When and where would you like to be picked up?
From Churchill, and i want to get there by the time you booked my table.|I have a red audi and the contact number is 07674679354. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|Thank you for using our service today!
Please see if you can find me an Indian restaurant on the East end|There are 4 Indian restaurants in the east side. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Cheap price and address and phone number|There are none in that price range. Would you like to try a different price range?
Sure, I think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's indian and in the east. I'll need their address and phone number.|Curry prince is a restaurant serving indian food. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223566388.
I need a place to stay also. free wifi please, but no parking is needed|I have 3 places to choose from. 2 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
Yes, I'd prefer a guesthouse that's cheap if any are available.|I am sorry we don't have any cheap ones in the area
How about a hotel that is really cheap? I need a room for 7 for 3 nights on friday|Okay. We have you booked at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is QM0PRNJW.
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye|You're welcome.  You do the same.
Can you help me find a museum to visit?|I can. Does location matter?
No, it does not matter.  You can make a suggestion and provide the address and postcode.|cambridge and county folk museum located at 2-3 Castle street. 3.50 pounds to get in, but well worth it.Check out the gift shop too.
Can I have the postcode, please?|The postcode is at cb30aq
Thanks much! Oh and I'd also like to find a place to dine in the centre. Can you help me with that too?|Absolutely. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I'd like modern American in the moderate price range, if possible?|I have none that match your criteria.  May I suggest a different area or food type?
If you don't have any Modern American places, maybe Modern European?|There are 2 modern European restaurants.
Could you pick one and give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure thing here you go 01223259988 and cb21rt.
What is the address?|Riverside Brasseri, located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Will there be anything else?
great! I also want to book a taxi from the cambridge and county folk museum going to Riverside Brasseri by 18:30.|Ok great, your booking is completed. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356.
Can you reserve it for me?|Your booking is complete. Can I help you with anything else?
What adult attraction are within 5 miles of the restaurant?|I have ballare nightclub very close in the same area.
I was never given the car type and contact number for my taxi, could you please provide them?|I'd be happy to give that to you again. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356. Can I assist you further?
NO that was all I needed. THank you,|thank you for choosing us
i am glad i was of help|Thank you for calling today. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Can you tell me about an attraction found in the centre?|There are 44 attractions. What type would you like?
just any. give me one option with its phone number,postcode and address.|Little Saint Mary's Church. You'll have to go to Little Saint Mary's Lane. The postcode is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you. Can you tell me some information for a place called the Autumn House. I am not sure if its a hotel or guest house.|there is no hotel in our records that goes by that name
Are you sure autumn house is no longer there?|Sorry, I found it! It's a guesthouse. Would you like for me to book you a room there?
How many stars is it?|I apologize, I was able to find your requested Autumn House. It's a 4 star,  guesthouse. Would you like to book it? Which days, people, etc?
No, thanks. I was just looking for the star rating, which you've already given me.|No problem, Can I help with anything else?
I just needs the taxi to the hotel, I need to leave the attraction by 05:45.  (I'm doing a volunteer overnight security shift there for the experience)|Sounds like a great experience. A black volvo will pick you up at the church and drop you at the hotel. You can reach the driver at 07118076381
Great, that is all I needed. Thank you|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day.
Hello, i'm looking for a restaurant called river bar steakhouse and grill.|This is a modern european, cheap restaurant. It's in the centre, located at Quayside Off Bridge Street.
What is their postcode?|Their post code is cb58aq.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not right now. Is there anywhere to go for entertainment in the south?|There's the tenpin entertainment attraction in the south.
Can you tell me more about The Tenpin? And can you give me a phone number and postcode?|The Tenpin can be reached at 08715501010. Their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else you needed?
Thanks. I will also need a taxi between The Tenpin and river bar steakhouse and grill.|I can do that for you. Do you know when you'd like to leave or arrive so I can schedule the car?
I would like to leave our attraction by 2:30 and head to the restaurant.|Ok, you are all set look for a Yellow Lexus, if you need to contact the taxi, they can be reached at 07983066383
Great, thank you so much! That's all I will need for today!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
I've heard about a hotel called Kirkwood House, but the only thing I know about it is the name. Can you tell me more?|Certainly. Kirkwood House is a guesthouse on the north side of town. They're a moderately priced establishment with 4 stars, offering both free wifi and free parking.
Thank you. I would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from Monday at the Kirkwood House Hotel.|I am unable to book that for you, we can try another day or a shorter stay if you like
How about for just one night instead?|Your booking was successful. The reference number is KXEQUQA0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a nightclub in the centre of town.|Would you be interested in Soul Tree Nightclub located at 1-6 corn exchange street?
Sure, can I get the postcode, entrance fee and phone number please?|They are located in cb23qf and can be reached at 01223477900. The cover charge is 4 pounds.
I also need a taxi to get between the two places. I want to leave by 16:15.|I would be happy to help with that! Will you be traveling from the hotel to the nightclub, or vice versa?
Yes. Can I get a contact number and car type?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Volkswagen. Should you need to reach them, please call 07543420592. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're welcome.  Have a great day.
I would like to get a taxi to pick me up after 16:45.|We can make that happen, but first I'll need to know your departure and destination locations.
I will be going to Jesus College from the Nirala.|Okay. A blue volvo is booked for you.
Great, I will also need their contact number please.|Yes, the contact number is 07047852975. Is there anything else you need?
That's all, thank you so much!|You're very welcome. Please contact us again if you need anything else.
Can you help me find a hotel to stay in that includes free wifi and has a 4 star rating? Thanks!|Acorn guest house is available would you like to stay there?
Is it moderately priced? Also, I think I need it in the east part of town.|The a and b guest house is moderately priced and in the east part of town.  Would you like their phone number?
Please, thank you.|Their number is 01223315702, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for information on any places of entertainment in town.|I have 5 different entertainment attractions in town. I have 2 in the east, 2 in the south and 1 in the west. Did you have a preference?
same part of town as the hotel.|Sure I have two entertainment places the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and the Funky Fun House. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the postcode|Cherry hinton hall and grounds has the postcode cb18dw. Funky fun house's postcode is cb58hy. Do you need anything else?
I now need a taxi|Ok, can you confirm where you want to be picked up and when?
09:45 at Funky fun house's. Please give the car type and contact number?|I would love to help where are going to?
back to the hotel|I have a Grey Audi scheduled to pick you up from funky fun house at 9:45 and take you back to the hotel. your confirmation # is 07146100465. Anything else?
Nope that'll be all thank you.|Glad I could help. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a college in town.|Is there a particular area you're looking for a college in? Christ's college is in the centre area, it is located on saint andrew's street.
Could you give me the address for it?|The address is saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a cheap restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|I have 15 options in that area.  Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
I'm open to try anything. Can you recommend one of the restaurants you found in the centre area?|May I suggest charlie chan? It meets all your criteria.
That sounds good. Could you book it for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday?|Not a problem your reservation for Charlie chan is set for Wednesday at 18:15 for 3 people, and your reference number QAU8U9M7.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to travel from christ's college to charlie chan and arrive by 18:15.|I booked the taxi for you.  It's a grey Honda and the contact number is 07889503831. Anything else I can assist you with?
.
That is all I needed today.|In that case I hope you have a wonderful visit and enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye!
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should arrive by 23:00 and should go to holy trinity church.|Where do you need to be picked up?
I will be departing from rajmahal.|Ok, I have a car for you: a yellow honda with the contact number 07123496116
thanks very much for you time|Thank you, have a good day.
Yes im looking to book a taxi from Cambride TownInfo Centre to a fancy restraunt rated 5 Stars!|Could you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I'm sorry, I am actually looking for the postcode of King's College. Could you provide that for me?|Absolutely - King's College is located on King's Parade, postcode cb21st. Will you be needing anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.|Certainly, would you like a specific area of town? Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on location but I would like a hotel. I would also like moderate pricing.|Unfortunately we don't have any moderate priced hotel type hotels. Would you prefer a different type or price range.
How about an expensive one?|there are 2 expensive hotels available
Book one of them for two people, five nights, starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry,  but neither are available on those days. Would you like to try a different starting day or number of nights?
We could shorten the stay to just four nights, I guess.|Okay, you are booked at the Huntington for 4 nights.  Your reference number is WZRJ2C6L.
Ok, can you get me a taxi?|Absolutely. Where would you want to depart from and go to?
I would like it to take me between my hotel and the college.|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 14:15.|I have confirmed your taxi, a white bmw will pick you up.
Could you provide the contact number please?|Yes your contact number is 07585258044. Will there be anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to dine in Cambridge, if you could help me with some options.|I would love to help you. What type food are you wanting to eat and what area would you like to dine in?
I would love some afghan food in the centre of town.|There are no afghan food places located in the centre of town. How about something else?
How about Indian food, I hear there are some good indian places in Cambridge.|There are several Indian restaurants in the area. Is there a certain price range you were looking for?
Any price range is okay with me.|Curry Garden is a nice place , do you want their info?
I need a taxi, please.|Ok, where are you leaving from?
I want to be picked up from lynne strover gallery|Where will you go?
I am going to The Junction.|What time do you want to be picked up at the gallery?
I don't care about departure time but I need to arrive at The Junction by 20:15, please.|I have you booked into a black lexus.
I need the contact number please.|The contact number is 07776842697. Can I help you with anything else?
That's it, thank you.|Have a good one!
i want to book a taxi.|Where are you departing from?
I want to be picked up from lan hong house and taken to great saint mary's church please|Sure, can you please give me a few details on departure site, time, etc?
As I said, I want to be picked up from lan hong house and taken to great saint mary's church please. I would like to arrive by 20:15.|A yellow BMW will pick you up at Lan Hong House for arrival at Great Saint Mary's Church by 20:15. Their Contact number is 07224360909. Is there anything further today?
no thanks, thats is all|Ok. Thanks for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking a restaurant in the Centre Cambridge area that serve gastropub food.|I have 3 in the centre of town,what price range please?
Moderate price range.|The Nil moderately priced restaurant is in the centre and serves gastropub food. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great.  Can you make if for a party of 6 on Tuesday at 15:30?|Yes, I can make the reservation would you like their address?
I can find it, but please give me the reference number for the reservation. Nil is such a creative name for a restaurant!|Yes, it most certainly is. The booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. The booking number is CXFENRLZ. Anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a place to stay, moderately price, centre area, doesn't matter whether or not it has wifi.|I have one result for you. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel. Do you want to book this?
Oh yessiree, tuesday 6 people and 5 nights please|I am unable to make a booking for that right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does actually.
Can you book for 2 nights>|Your room is reserved under ref# XP513560. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant and hotel.|When would you like to arrive by.
I want to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.|I have booked you a car. It's a blue Skoda, and the contact number is 07324436761.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Great, I'm glad I could help! Bye!
Hi, I need a really expensive restaurant.|Well there are quite a few. I see african, asian, and british cuisine. What area will you be in so that I can narrow down the search
Actually, I was confused. I'm really looking for some lodging accommodations. I'd like a 4 star location with free wifi. Something that's expensive, please. Doesn't matter if it has free parking.|Wonderful how about the huntingdon marriott. Rave 4 star accommodations and free wifi & parking
That sounds wonderful, could you please make a reservation.|For how many and for how long?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I do need the address, postcode, and area for the Huntingdon Marriott, please.|It is located in the west on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park. Post code pe296fl.
Great! Can you also help me find a modern european restaurant in the south?|Restaurant Alimentum looks wonderful! It is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road
I want to book a table for one at 14:30 on Friday.|I have a table reserved for you. The reference number is XYKUXP14.
Thanks! Can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant on time for that reservation!|I have a taxi booked with a contact number of 07582512082 car type yellow bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a museum in the centre of Cambridge. Can you help me find one?|There are eleven museums there. I would recommend the Castle Galleries, located at unit su43, Grand Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Entrance is free there, too. Need an alternate recommendation?
No, that sounds fine. Could I get the phone number?|The phone number is 01223307402.
I also need to find a hotel. I'm looking for one in the east with free wifi.|I have the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge that matches your preferences. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does the hotel include free parking?|Yes it does have free parking
yes absolutely, you can book it for me please|I would be happy to. What is your arrival day, how many nights do you need, and how many are in your party?
There are 2 of us.  We will arrive on Wednesday and stay for 3 nights.|Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or a shorter stay?
Oh dear.  What if we only stay there on Wednesday?|Yes, I have booked you for Wednesday night.  Your reference number is MLQZYRU2.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will you need it from the hotel or to the hotel?
From the hotel.|What time would you need to be picked up at the hotel?
I would like to leave the hotel by 11:00.|Great! Be on the look out for a red honda. The contact number is 07451827304. Anything else I can help with?
No, you've been a great help already.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I was wondering if you had any colleges I could visit during my stay?|I have 18, what area would you prefer?
I have no preference besides colleges. Please recommend one.|My favorite is Saint Catharine's College. It is in city centre, and they are free to enter.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?|Saint Catharine's college's phone number is 01223338300. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and moderate prices.|Okay, there are several of those it looks like, are you also wanting to stay in the centre as well?
No need, but I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 4 star range.|I do not have any listings for 4-star hotels with free parking. Perhaps you would like to try a different star rating?
How about a hotel that is the expensive price range?|huntingdon marriott hotel is found in kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 13:30. get contact number and car type|That booking was not successful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights|I was able to book your reservation for 2 days.
Okay, may I get a reference number please?|I apologize it looks like there was a booking error. The huntingdon does not have availability. Would you like to try another hotel or length of stay?
Please try it for 2 nights.|Actually, there might have been an error int he system before.  I booked the Huntington Marriott Hotel for 2 people, 3 nights, starting on Tuesday. Reference number is J4Z0CZ41.
Excellent! I also need a taxi to go between the places. I want to leave the hotel by 13:30.|I booked a grey Skoda to pick you up.  The contact number for the taxi is 07491898705.
Awesome!  That's all I need.  Thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a cinema in the south part of town.|Sure, I have located cineworld cinema which is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way in the south part of town.
Thank you, can I also have the postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000 and postcode is cb17dy. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes. I need a restaurant by the name of anatolia.|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and phone number is 01223362372. Can I book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at 14:15 on a Saturday. I will need a reference number.|The booking was unsuccessful unfortunately.
Are you sure? Could you possibly try again, just to make sure?|Yes, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
No, I wanted to reserve on Saturday at 14:15 for 8 people at the Anatolia.  Can you make sure there wasn't an error?|I am very sorry for the confusion. I have confirmed your reservation at anatolia, your reference number is W2SFW7OR.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to pick us up at cineworld and get us to Anatolia by 14:15.  Can you send me the contact number and car type?|OK, I have a grey toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07221782589. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today. You've been a great help - thanks!|Have a great day!
I need a taxi departing from avalon.|Can yo let me know what time you want to leave?
Yeah, after 20:00 would be ideal|You got it. What is your destination?
I am going to the fitzwilliam museum.|Your booking is complete, a black honda will be picking you up.
can I please have the contact number?|The contact number 07928549844.
Thank you so much! That's all.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'd like to reserve a taxi to take me to jesus green outdoor pool today|Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
Just after 06:15. Please send me the taxi's contact number and car type.|Where will we pick you up?
I am leaving from la raza.|OK, there should be a white Ford to pick you up. The contact number is 07251519275. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that will be it.|You are all set. Thank you and have a good evening, goodbye.
Hi, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am looking for places to go in town.|Sure, what kind of places are you thinking about?
How about a museum?|May I recommend Byard Art in the south?
Yes, thanks.  Can you give me the postcode and phone number?|Here you go, the postal code is cb21sj, and the phoen number is 01223464646.  Can i help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay.|Can you give me an area and price range preference?
I would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 4 star rating.|I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house.  Shall I go ahead and book you a room?
No thank you. I would like to know if they have free parking, their phone number, and their address.|Okay, they have free parking and internet.  The address is: 5 Mowbray Rd.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many places to go in the centre of Cambridge: marvelous architecture, colleges, museums, theatres, and more. Are any of these options particularly interesting to you?
I'm not picky, I'm totally open to suggestions. Can you pick your favorite and let me know the address?|Oh, wonderful. I'd recommend Club Salsa, on 1 Station Road. It's a nightclub and the entrance fee is 5 GBP, but it's worth it!
I'm also looking for a hotel. I want a place with a 3 star rating and free wifi.|I have 5 results of places with 3 star ratings.  To help narrow it down a bit, what area do you prefer and what price range?
Sure, how about something cheap?|There are no cheap hotels with that search. Would you like a different price range?
Anything moderately priced in the 3 star rating, with free wifi, please.|bridge guest house	is a moderately priced 3 star hotel in the south with internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on Tuesday and please also give me a reference number for the booking. I also would like a taxi.|Success! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  8E1NHOEK. Anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the Club Salsa by 17:30 heading back to the hotel.|A black Toyota will pick you up at 17:30 at Club Salsa to take you back to the Bridge Guest House. Contact number is 07280181013. Will that be all?
That's great! That's all I need. Thanks.|Great! Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I need a taxi at 24:00 to take me to Milton Country Park.|Where will you leave from?
I'm departing from anatolia.|Booking completed! Anything else I can help with today?
Booked car type	:	black tesla
Contact number	:	07553660538
No, thank you for your help!|My pleasure. Have a great night!
Can you recommend a guesthouse to stay in in the centre of town?|There is the alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like to book one of them?
I want one that's 0 stars.|I only have one place with a 0 star rating. The El Shaddai. Would you like me to book it?
That sounds good. Please go ahead.|I would be happy to make that booking. Are you traveling alone, and for how many days would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for 5 nights.|How many people?
One person starting Wednesday. Need the reference number and also looking for a Cuban restaurant in the expensive price range.|Your booking was successful. The reference number for your stay is 26KK8TWA. What area will the Cuban restaurant be in?
In the Centre please.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match your requirements.  Do you have other suggestions?
ok thankyou, will figure out what to do|Can I help you with anything else ?
I need a taxi departing from leverton house.|I'd be happy to book that for you, first I'll need to know your destination.
I'm going to ugly duckling and must be there no later than 23:30 please|I've booked a red Toyota, the contact number is 0757492861.
Alright I have everything I needed and I appreciate your help. Thank you and have a great night.|You're welcome. Have fun.
That's all that I need today. Thanks again!|No problem! It was a pleasure
I'm looking for something interesting to do.|Is there an attraction type you prefer?
Any attraction is fine as long as it's in the centre of town.|There is the Parkside Pools located at Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced.|There is asian, british, chinese, European, International, Italian, lebanese, modern European, Spanish, and Turkish.  Do you have a preference?
I would like something in the moderate price range. I will be requiring their address.|I see 21 restaurants in the centre which are moderately priced. Do you have any particular cuisine in mind so we can narrow it down for you a bit?
no particular cuisine I will need a taxi to commute need to leave by 24:15 and need number and car type please.|How about Yippee Noodle Bar?
The Yippee Noodle Bar sounds great. Do you have their address?|The address is 4048 King Street, City centre post code cbh11lh. Would you like me to do anything else?
I also want to book a taxi from Parkside Pools to the bar. I want to leave around 24:15.|youre being picked up in a grey honda the contact number is 07063498062
Great thank you, that's all I will need.|You are welcome, I am happy to help.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I'm looking for a family friendly restaurant that is reasonably price and located in the center of town near attractions, hotels and easy access to transportation such as buses and taxis.|Ok, to be clear, which price range do you prefer-- cheap, moderate or expensive?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant|Do you prefer a specific type of food?
I prefer Chinese food|great, i have three options for you to choose from!
Oh, I have no idea.  Can you just reserve tell me your favorite one?  I'll need a postcode for it.|Jinling noodle bar, postcode cb23pp. Is there any more info I can give you?
I would like to visit a college in the same area as the noodle bar, can you find me one?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Most are free, but some do charge an entrance fee. Any preference?
How about choosing a famous one and give me the address, postcode and entrance fee.|corpus christi is popular this time of year. The address is at king's parade. The post code cb21rh and the entree fee is 2 pounds.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at 05:45?|I was able to book a taxi it will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07754509492. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.|thanks for using our services
Thanks again.  That was all I needed.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like to get a hotel room that is in the north and is priced moderate.|There are 9 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from. Which type of lodging do you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I do need it to have free Internet.|The acorn guest house is located in the north and is moderately priced and has internet access. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from monday.|I'm sorry, that booking wasn't available. Could you perhaps stay a shorter time period?
Ok, let's try it for 8 people for two nights starting from Monday.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is OOU8KLRA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We would like to eat near the hotel, something austrian!|There are no Austrian restaurants in the north area, can I try something else?
Darn, okay, how about Italian instead?|The Da Vinci Pizzeria is located in that area.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can I make the reservation for Monday at 19:00 for 8 people?|Your table for 8 has been reserved, and they'll hold it for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is MUCNCVPD. Need further assistance?
What kind of car is reserved?|I can book a car for you if you'd like. Would you like to arrive at the restaurant the same time as your reservation?
Yes. Please let me know the contact number and car type for the taxi.|Your taxi will be a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07923389673.
.
thank you that will be all all|Thank you, Have a great day.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay in during my visit.|I can help with that. What area will you be staying in?
The area does not matter. But will for sure want it to be an actual hotel.|I have the in the Huntington Marriott hotel city center that is rated 4 stars and include free parking and free wifi. Would you like me to check availabiltiy?
Yes, please book it if possible.|What day would you like to leave
I don't want to leave. I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 6 of us.|And you never have to leave if you don't want to. I have booked a reservation at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and the reference number is EQNKY1ZC. Anything else?
Yes, are there any moderately priced northern european restaurant, if no northern european, modern european will do.|There are 3 restaurants matching your query. Do you prefer the south or the centre?
I would like the restaurant in the same area, Cambridge, please.|And would you prefer the south of Cambridge or the centre of Cambridge?
I'm not picky with the area. I just want it to be moderately priced.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in this area. Would you like to try another?
I was looking for a restaurant.  I already have a hotel reservation|There are a couple in the centre area and one in the south area. Do you have a preference?
I would like one that serves northern european food, if possible.|We have quite a few choices for you today, how about de luca cucina and bar, you can a few drinks while your there!
Thats sounds great. can i get the area and address ?|The area is the centre. The address is 83 Regent Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:00.|Will you be going back to the hotel or somewhere else?
The hotel I guess.|Great. I was able to book your car with no issues. They will be driving a black Tesla and you will be able to contact them at 07224648595.
Great I believe that covers everything. Goodbye.|Thanks for contacting us today. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I can't wait to try some local restaurants when I travel there next week.  I could use some help with places to go in town though.|I'm certain we can help with that. Do you have a price range, part of town or what kind of food you'll want to eat?
Actually, is there a place in town that offers nice architecture to see?|There is a moderate priced asian restaurant in the centre called yippee noodle bar that's around beautiful places. Would you like to try that?
I want a place that has latin food.|I'm very sorry I am finding no results for restaurants serving latin food. Is there another type of cuisine you'd be interested in?
How about some vietnamese food in the west then?|I have the thanh binh restaurant located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at 16:00 on Friday.  I've also got another question when you're done with that.  Thank you.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : Q4NHOJRD. what was the other question?
You must be a mind reader, my question was the reference number! Thank you|You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a cab to and from both places please make sure it is on time so I don't miss my reservation, contact # & car type|What place will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the restaurant.|well, you didn't suggest any attractions, you see. What would you suggest, then I can schedule my cab after that
My apologies!  My wife loves architecture and insisted I find a place, glad I didn't forget.  Any area's fine, but what about the same as the restaurant?|Is there a price range would you like?
I'd like a place to go to in the category of architecture, preferably free.|All saints church is free and lcoated on jesus lane.
That sounds fine, can you get me a taxi from there to the restaurant. I'll need to arrive by 16:00 for my reservation.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a white Volvo. The contact number is 07266032951. May I be of further assistance today?
Thank you so much. That's all I will need today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for a college type attraction.|Sure.  There are a number of college attractions to visit.  Is there a specific place or area of the city you were interested in?
none. just recommend one and let me know its entry fee.|How about king's college? It's in the centre of town and the admission is free. You can contact them at 01223331100.
Great! I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.|There are 15 results for guesthouses in the moderate price range, what area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like 4 stars, please.|Great, how about the Archway House? It's in the North, moderate price, and 4 stars. It also has internet.
do they also have free parking?|Archway house does have free parking, would you like me to book it for you?
Not at the moment. What is the postcode?|The postcode to Archway House is cb43pe and the phone is 01223575314. Would you like me to book this for you?
I would love to book a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 08:45. I need contact number and car type please.|A blue BMW will pick you up, contact number 07646838374. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for the restaurant kymmoy.|kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located on 52 Mill Road City Centre, cb12as. Would you like a reservation?
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 16:15 on Wednesday. i want the reference number|Your reference number is: MXG517HW.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 4 state rating category.|University Arms Hotel is located in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking?|Yes. Would you like a room?
Yes, please. Can you book me for Wednesday for 7 people, 2 nights please?|Great!  I have the rooms booked for you.
Could I please get the reference number?|Sure, your reference  number is  ZU5RABWR
Thanks so much, now I need a taxi to get us there on time.|Okay! You'll be picked up in a black Ford. The contact number is 07889021658. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all for today. Thanks so much. Goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I need to find the Autumn House Hotel.|The Autumn House hotel is a cheap guesthouse on the east side, located at 710 Newmarket Road.
Do they have free parking there?|Yes, the Autumn House has free parking! Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can you please and send me the reference number?|Ok.  How many days will you be staying?
5 days and I need  postcode and entrance fee|I also need to know how many days and what day you will be staying.
Right, as I states above, 5 days please.|You are booked. Your reference number is XPCARI17
Can you also find a swimming pool I can visit?|There are 2 pools in the north, one in the center and one in the east. Which do you prefer?
Could I get the postcode and entrance fee for the one in the east?|I'm afraid I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb58nt. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi as well?|Where is your departure site and destination?
I need to leave from autumn house to a swimming pool|I would love to help. When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by 05:15.|Alright a yellow volkswagen has been booked it will have you to the pool by 05:15. Your confirmation number is 07422806466. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all thank you|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
I have the name of an attraction that I need help finding.|I can try and help.  Do you know that name of it?
The Mumford Theatre.|I see it here. It's located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like the phone number.|The phone number is 08451962320. Can I help you with anything else?
No that we be all for today. Thank you.|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services.
I am looking for places to visit in downtown Cambridge. What are some popular attractions?|There is architecture, boats, colleges, museums, and many other things.
Recommend something that's in the center of town for me.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a fantastic place to visit. It's located at 6 Trinity Street and admission is free! Do you need more information?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is moderately priced and has free parking.|There's not an exact match to fit your needs. There's a hotel without free parking available. Or, if you need the free parking, would a cheap guesthouse work instead?
Free parking would be nice but it is not a necessity.|Okay, if the lack of parking isn't a dealbreaker, you might enjoy cityroomz. Their number is 01223304050. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please. I'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting Wednesday|Done! Your reference number is 07Z05P6U. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel at 16:30.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Honda. Their phone number is 07543221637.
That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I can't find a restaurant I am looking for.|Do you know the name of it?  I can try and find it for you.
The good luck Chinese takeaway.|That's on 82 Cherry Hinton Road. If you need to contact them for directions, their number is 01223244149. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. Book a table for my party of 8 for 12:45 on Monday.|I have made your reservation, with reference #D8E6CV1X. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel named kirkwood house.|That is one of my favorite guesthouses.  Do you need a reservation there?
Yes please for 5 people for 5 nights from Monday please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is K7VLK45Q. Will that be all?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in time for my lunch reservation.|Taxi is ready, look for a black lexus, they can be reached at 07505999310, any further questions?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help, it's much appreciated!|thank you for all the information. goodbye
I need a taxi to come to the place by 07:30.|Okay - just to confirm, your departure site is the place? And where would you like the taxi to take you?
I need to get to Thanh Binh, please. And yes, my departure location is The Place.|Thank you. Please look for a yellow audi with the contact number 07260634336.
Thank you thats all i need|Alright don't hesitate to contact us again if you need more assistance.
Hi, I will be traveling to Cambridge and am excited about seeing local tourist attractions.|Oh I'm super excited for you! Anything in particular you'd like to check out? How about some architecture?
Actually, I would prefer a nightclub.|There are 5 different nightclubs here in Cambridge. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No specific type, I just need the area that it's in, please.|All nightclubs are located in the centre.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the north with a star of 4.|I'm sorry but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try another area?
Let's try 3 star hotels, instead.|still no hotels match your criteria
Can you check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of hotel?  Something in the North with a star of 4 and free wifi.|There are 8 guesthouses in the north with 4 stars and free internet. Are you looking for parking as well?
No, can you recommend me a good one?|The archway house would be a great choice. It's located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like me to try and book a stay for you?
No thanks. Could you just tell me their phone umber and price range?|The archway house's phone number is 01223575314, it's a moderately priced guesthouse. Can I get you any more information?
I would also like to book a taxi from the Archway House to one of the nightclubs you mentioned. I would like to leave the hotel by 09:45.|Certainly.  What is your destination?
Could you recommend a nightclub from the previous search?|Yeah, the ballare is great. It's in the centre of town.
No, I did mean 09:45, thank you.|Okay great, the car will be a black honda and the contact number is 07537395912. Is that all you need today?
No, I wanted to check things out during the day time.  But thanks for making sure.|Thank you! Goodbye.
I'm interested in finding some things to do in the centre area of town.  Specifically I am interested in multiple sports attractions.  Can I get more information?|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports option I have is in the east. Is there another type of attraction you would like to visit?
Can you look for a college?|I have 13 in the centre area of town. The emmanuel college is nice and it is free.
That sounds great, could you give me their address, phone and postcode please?|They are located at saint andrew's street, cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200.
okay, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'd like to eat italian food in the same area as the attraction please.|Sure, there are a number of options.  Were you looking for a specific price range?
No, there is no specific price range. I need to book a table for 8 people at 13:15 on Thursday.|Let's choose a place first. stazione restaurant and coffee bar is one of the options available
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 8 on Thursday at 13:15. Thanks|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  RH2680GW.
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to take me from Emmanuel College to get me to the Stazione restaurant by 13:15 please?|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a grey Lexus. Please call 07002476636 should you need to reach them.
Great. Thank you!|Okay I'm glad I could help today.
Find a guesthouse hotel in Cambridge with free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area you'd like to stay in, and what price range do you prefer?
Are any of the guesthouses 4 stars?|Yes, I have 16 results that have a 4 star rating. To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in? Do you need free parking?
I'll take the one on top of your list, I'll arrive Saturday it's 3 people for 5 nights.|ok i've gone ahead and booked this for you. your reference number is GXQZCBL8
Great! I've heard about a restaurant called Curry Garden. What can you tell me about it?|Sure! Curry Garden is in the Central region of town, and serves expensive Indian food. Does that interest you?
yes, please book a reservation here|Okay, when would you like me to book the reservation and for how many people?
make the reservation for saturday night for 3 people. can I have the full address? book a taxi to leave at 23:30 with contact info|I'm afraid I can't book the Curry Garden for 23:30, is there some other time you'd like?
Make the restaurant reservation for 21:00 and I need a taxi to pick us up at the restaurant at 2330. Send me taxi contact number and car type.|I'm sorry, but I'm running into an error booking that restaurant reservation. Let's take care of that before we get a taxi. Can you restate your request for the reservation?
I actually don't need a restaurant reservation. I do need a taxi, though. I need to leave Curry Garden at 23:30 and head to the hotel.|I'd be happy to help you book a taxi, what hotel is your destination?
Whatever hotel you booked me at. The reference number is: GXQZCBL8|Alright, you're all booked. Your taxi will pick you up at Curry Garden at 23:30 and take you to Acorn Guest House.
May I have the car type and a contact number for the driver?|That will be a red Honda, and the contact number is 07783493391. What else can I help you with?
I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Thanks. Have a nice day.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hi, I need a taxi from london liverpool street train station to gourmet burger kitchen|Sure no worries, what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 12:30! Give me all the necessary details please|Taxi is booked, Red audi will come for you. Contact number is 07274783062. Do you need any other help?
That's all, thanks for help!|Pleasure all mine, have a good day!
Yes, I am planning my trip to Cambridge.  There are so many things to do it seems.  Exciting.  Can you help me with some information?|I certainly can. We have nearly 80 different attractions around town. First of all, do you have any preference as to the area of town you want to visit?
I would like the centre area please.|What types of attractions are you interested in, buildings, museums, nightclubs?
I am most interested in museums.|There are several museums, do you prefer an art or history themed museum?
Just any type of museum will do.|Cambridge contemporary art is available, are you interested in that?
Yes, that sounds good. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Thank you, can you also help me with finding a hotel in the est?|Would the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge be good?
Yes that would be great! Thank you for helping me with this.|You're welcome. Would you like me to book a room?
Oops look like I made a typo. Is that hotel a guesthouse and in the cheap price range?|Certainly. I see three guest houses, the allenbell, autumn house and leverton house, all with internet and parking. Would you like to book one of these?
As long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do.  I need 4 people 2 nights from Monday please.|You have a room at The Allenbell at 517a Coldham Lane.  The reference number is QF67O63Y.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the museum, please. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|It's ready! Look for a blue tesla around that time. If you want to contact them call 07618255220. Would that be all for you today?
Yes that would be all thank you.|Excellent. Enjoy your day!
Hello! I am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. Any ideals ?|Sorry, but none of the guesthouses in Cambridge fall into the expensive price range.
I need a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.|I have many options.  What area of town would you like?  That should help me narrow it down.
The area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered cheap?|Yes, there are 7 cheap guesthouses in that area.  Were you looking for any other specific requirements?
recommend any and find me its  postcode|Allenbell. Postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a Chinese place in the south?  Do you know of anything?|There are three Chinese restaurants in the south, may I recommend The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway? They are a price range of expensive.
I need the price to be the same as the hotel, so I need a cheap restaurant as well. Are there any that fit this criteria?|Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
I feel like chinese would be good.|I would like to get a table at "the lucky star".
Hi, I would like to book a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge|Sure, is there an area that you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the north.|Do you care about internet or parking?
Yes, I will need both.|We have 7 places to pick from any other preferences?
I have no other preferences.|Okay, I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Great.  Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday, and provide the reference number.  Also, we would like to find an attraction near the hotel.|I have booked at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is  TVFEX8R1. How can I further assist you?
What attractions are nearby?|Okay. There are boats, a park, and pools. Would like more information on any of this?
Anything that you recommend, I'm new to the town.|I would recommend riverboat georgina. Would you like the address or phone number for that?
Yes can you please get that for me?|Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Their phone number is 01223902091.
I'm going to need a ride between the two, can I get a taxi?|What time would you like to travel?
I need to leave the hotel by 16:15. Thanks|A Red Lexus will pick you up at 16:15 at the hotel. Contact number is 07277932086. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!|you're welcome. thank you for using our system. have a good day.
I need a taxi from Kings Lynn station at 5:15, going to HK Fusion, please.|You are booked with a grey volvo, phone number is 07406139758. Anything else I can do for you?
No that's it! Thank you!|You're very welcome! Have a great time in town!
While in Cambridge I would really like to know where to find a place to eat called meghna.|Meghna is in the west, address 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, postcode cb43lf.
Excellent. Can you book that for me please?|What day and time would you like to make a reservation on and for how many people?
Scratch that, I'll book it myself. Now I just need to find a place to stay, a hotel with a 4 star rating.|I have many 4-star hotels. Is there a certain area of town you're looking in, or perhaps a particular price range.
Yes I would prefer that it's in the west. And I need free parking. That is a hotel style correct?|I have two hotels that fit your request.  One is cheap and the other is expensive.  What is your price range?
I would like a 4 star rating, but price doesn't really matter.  What are the prices?|One is expensive and one is cheap in the 4 star rating.
I would like the phone number and the address of the expensive one.|The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel  is located at Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, with a phone number of 01480446000.  Would you like to book it?
No thank you, Would you book a taxi for me? I want to be picked up at Meghna and leave by 10:15. I would like the Contact Number and Car Type.|Where is your desired destination?
The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel where I will be staying.|I have booked you a red toyota taxi. The contact number is 07193902205
I also need the phone number for the restaurant that you booked for me, the Meghna.|The phone number to Meghna is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much for all of your help today.|No problem! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are 21 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the centre please.|May I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast. They are a four star guesthouse in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
That sounds like exactly what I need.|They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road and their phone number is 01223525725. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes.  I would like to book for Tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.|You have a reservation for 2 people for 3 nights, starting Tuesday at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is : H3PIALJO. Can I assist with something else.
I am also looking for the Restaurant "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway". Do you know it?|I found the good luck Chinese food takeaway is in south side of the town and price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes for Tuesday at 14:00 on Tuesday please.|How many people will join you?
It will be for two people. I will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. I need the contact number and car.|Is there a certain time you want to leave?
Sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?|Sorry, yes, the reference number for the restaurant is STX7467S.
That is everything that I need.|We thank you for using our services.  Goodbye.
I am looking for King's College.|Yes, King's College is in the centre and located on King's Parade. Their phone number is 01223331100.
Thank you!|May I help you with any thing else?
Yes.  Do you know what their entrance fee is?  Also, I need some help finding an Italian restaurant in the centre area.|It is free admission into the King's college. Sure I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range preference.|There is pizza express it's moderately priced, would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like the reservation for Thursday at 15:00 for 2 people.|I was able to book your table.  The  Reference number is : WA5JKA4G.  Is there anything else you needed?
I also need a taxi to travel between King's College and the restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07982639539
That was all I needed, thank you.|thanks for using our services and welcome anytime
I'm looking for a place to dine that's in the cheap price range and that serves Indian food.|Would you like a recommendation, or do you want to specify an area?
I'd like a recommendation that is able to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on Friday.|Alright, I booked you a table for 5 on Friday at 14:45 at the Kohinoor. Your reference number is 20OK4WP8. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I'd also like to find an attraction in the east, please.|How about the Cambridge Museum of Technology at The Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane?
That sounds great! Can you give me their postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223368650 and the post code is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll need to book a taxi from the Cambridge Museum of Technology to the Kohinoor, arriving by 14:45.|I've booked your taxi.  It will be a grey skoda and the contact no. is 07998309857.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful.  Thanks so much and have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good bye.
I would like to go to an expensive Italian restaurant for dinner.|which area of town are you interested in dining in?
The centre is my preference.  Thank you.|I have four places fitting that criteria. Would you like me to book one?
Can you tell me the names of those four?|Sure, stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, caffe uno.
book for me Sure. a table for 8 people at 11:45 on wednesday and get me the reference number|Which one would you like me to book it for? Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, or Caffe Uno?
Please book clowns cafe.|I've made those reservations your reference number is WIPPGG4I.
I also need an expensive hotel to stay at. Can you help me find one?|What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay near the restaurant if possible. Oh and they should have internet please.|I'd recommend the Gonville Hotel. It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
yes and could i have the postcode please|Their postcode is cb11ly. If you want to make a booking, then I need to know what day you'd arrive, how many nights you'd stay, and how many people.
Does it have internet?|Yes it does.
Great and can I get a taxi to commute between the two places.|I would be happy to find a taxi for you. I just need to know when you want to leave by and when you would like to arrive.
Just make sure I get to the locations by the booked time.|Lets finish your hotel booking first, okay? How many rooms will you need and for how many nights? Beginning which day?
I don't need a booking, thanks. I do need a taxi going from the hotel to the restaurant though.|I'll need to know when you need to be picked up or dropped off.
11:45 as discussed above.|The taxi has been booked the contact number is 7384967913. The type of car is blue lexus.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Where is a museum that is located in the Cambridge centre?|There are museum through cambridge, 23 total options.  Any preference for area?
I would like a museum near the centre. Could you please tell me the fee, phone number, and postal code.|The Broughton House Gallery, post code cb11ln, phone 01223314960, is free.
Is this a cheap place?|It is actually free.
Excellent.  Can you find me a cheap restaraunt that is also located in the centre area?|I have 15 in that area. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I don't. I'm mostly just focused on the area and he cheap price range.  Any suggestions?|The rice house is a good place and is cheap.
Nice can i make a booking for 1 person at 16:30 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3YRWRSSF. You're all set. Is there anything else I can do?
Actually yes. I'd like to book a taxi so I can go back and forth between the museum and the restaurant|what is your departure and destination?
I want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by 15:30 from The Broughton House Gallery. I need the contact number and car type as well.|You are set.  Look for a yellow BMW.  Contact number	: 07967629746.  What else can I assist you with today?
Oh, I think I'm all set. Thank you.|Glad to help. Have a nice day. Bye.
I have the name of an attraction that I need directions to.|Okay, what is it called?
Milton Country Park is the name.|Milton Country Park is located in the North of the city. I do not have directions, but their phone number is 01223420060
Great, can you help me find a place to eat that serves expensive Indian food?|I found several restaurants for you.  Do you prefer a certain area?
Yes, Can your search in the east please?|Yes, there are two options in the East.  Pipasha Restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Does either of those sound appealing?
Yes can I get the address, postcode, and phone number for Sitar Tandoori?|it is in 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton,cb19hx and phone number is 01223249955
The last thing I need is a taxi to pick me up at the Milton County Park and take me to the restaurant.|May I have the time you would like to leave Milton Country Park and arrive at Sitar Tandoori so I can get this booked for you?
I'd like to leave the park at 14:45 please. Can you tell me the car type and contact number too|I've booked you a yellow ford with the following contact number 07007541693.
Thank you. You have been a great help.|You are so very welcome! Goodbye, and have a great trip!
I need a taxi to come at 1:45 to rice boat.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I am coming from rice boat and need to get to limehouse by 01:45|I have you in a red Toyota, contact is 07737828007.
That is all I need, thank you!|Ok I have a red toyota and the contact number is 07737828007.
Thank you, have a great day.|Have a safe trip!
Is there any expensive seafood restaurant in town?|Yes, there is an upscale seafood restaurant called Loch Fyne which is centrally located.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
can i get a booking for 8 people at 19:45 on Friday? send me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : J5Q03QCS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does not have to have the internet, thanks for your help.|We have just the place. The alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star place that is located in the north. Will that be okay?
No I need a hotel in the West. Can you search again please?|Unfortunately there are no 3-star hotels in the west area.
Are there any hotels that fit that description with free wifi without three stars?|We have just the place. The huntington marriott hotel is a 4 star place with wifi that is located in the west. Will that be okay?
Sure as long as they have free parking as well. Can you give me the address and phone number please?|There is free parking. The phone number is 01480446000, and the address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook. Will that be all for today?
I also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by 19:45|Sure thing! I've booked a yellow Tesla for you. If you need it, the contact number is 07855855225. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 19:45. Can I get a contact number and type of car the taxi would be?|The car is a yellow Tesla. The contact number is 07855855225.
Thank you very much for all of your help today.|You are welcome very much. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant while I am visiting.|Is location a concern?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the centre of town.|There are over 20 results. Would you like a certain type of food?
Thank you! I don't care what kind of cuisine they serve.|There's a fantastic British restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Or  if you're interested in Chinese food, Jingling Noodle Bar also has wonderful reviews. Do either of those interest you?
Sure could I get the phone number to Jingling Noodle Bar?|The phone number is 01223566188.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
i am  also looking for places to go in town.|Do you have a specific kind of attraction in mind?
An entertainment venue, I think. Near the restaurant, if possible.|How about museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's located in the centre as well.
No, let's try a college instead. What do you recommend?|corpus christi is very popular. The phone number is 01223334900 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I also need a taxi between the two places and arrive to the retaurant at 14:45.|The taxi is booked. The car type is blue Volkswagen. The contact number is 07313427234.
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!|Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Uh, you already did. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip!
Could you give me some information on a hotel named el shaddai?|Lovely guesthouse. It is in the centre and is very cheap. It has 0 stars but it does offer internet and free parking!
I would like to make a booking for wednesday.|How many people would you like to stay, and how many nights from wednesday?
The booking is for just one ferret for 5 nights.|I"m sorry I don't understand you have a pet?
No, that was a typo.  1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.|Sorry, it's all booked up. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Try 3 nights, please.|Okay, you're all booked for Wednesday, for three nights. The reference number is 0X2R39XC. Anything else today?
i am also looking for a taxi leaving the hotel at 04.30 get me the contact number and car type please.|whats your destination?
The hotel please from the swimming pool|Am I correct that you will be leaving Parkside Pools to go to El Shaddai?
No. I would like to leave El Shaddai at 04:30 to go to the swimming pool|Okay.  I booked a yellow audi with contact number 07650378763.
Terrific.  Thanks for all your help.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service today.
I'd like for a taxi to take me to gonville hotel today|And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be departing from j restaurant.|What time would you like to depart at?
I'd like to leave after 21:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white honda
Contact number	:	07694199231
Great, thank you! That's all I need today.|You're quite welcome. Have a lovely trip! Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a college to visit. Can you help me?|Well Christ's college is quite famous and is free to enter.
That sounds nice. Can you please give me the address, including the postcode?|It is located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would also like to find a place to stay, expensive price range, but with free parking.|There are 5 hotels that meet this criteria. What part of town would you prefer to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything in the north that is expensive. Is there another price range or area I can try for you?
How about a moderately priced one?|There are 9 moderately priced hotels to choose from. Any other requirements to narrow down your choices?
Do any of the hotels offer free parking?|there are five guesthouses that have free parking.
I'll take the highest rated one of those. I need 4 nights starting Tuesday for 7 people, please.|I have booked you in the highly rated Acorn guest house for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.  The reference number is FK8743UH.  Is there anything else I can help with
Yes. I'd like to book a taxi to get there.|Absolutely, what time would you like to depart from the college?
I would like to leave Christ's college by 19:00.|Great I got a white skoda phone number 07971687645
Thank you for your help.Bye.|Have a great day!
I do need some information.  I'm looking for a place to stay.|Which area of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price preference or any other essentials?
No specific area or price range. I would like a four star guesthouse with wifi.|I recommend the Allenbell. It's 4 stars, but cheap! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, if you can book for 4 people for 5 nights starting wednesday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XRWYCWBT.
I  also need information on a particular attraction called the Gonville and Caius College.|Yes they are on trinity street in the centre of town.  Postcode is cb21ta and phone is 01223332400 if you are partial to chatting on the tele.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
yes all I need now are the entrance fees|There entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book a taxi for me from the college to the Allenbell?  I want to leave the college by 5:30.|sure thing all set you will be riding in style in a white bmw contact # is 07606742990, anything else?
Great! Thanks! That's all I needed.|Great.  Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|Okay, there are a lot of places that might work for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the east and also need free parking.|I found 5 hotels for you! The Allenbell looks nice, would you like to book that?
Is the Allenbell a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Allenbell is a low cost guesthouse.
Okay, I don't need any more information about that. I am interested in a restaurant located near the hotel.|There are several restaurants in the east what type of food would you like?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I would like a moderately priced restaurant.|Rajmahal is a nice moderate price restaurant around there serving Indian food. Does that sound good? I would be happy to book a reservation for you.
Great can you make a reservation for 1 person at 19:45 on monday?|It is booked then. Could I try another day or another time?
Can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 18:45 on Monday?  I just need a small table for one.|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is Q2G0OHLC. Can I help you with anything else?
I could also use a taxi that can get me from the Allenbell to Rajmahal. I need to get to the restaurant by 18:45.|I booked you a red tesla taxi, the contact number is 07912598182. Anything else I can help you with?
No, you have done quite a bit for me today.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I need a taxi to go to club salsa.|Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
I want to get there by 1:30.|Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Limehouse.|Where would you like the taxi to meet you for departure?
I just told you the limehouse.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white audi
Contact number	:	07075850505
Perfect, thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome!
I am looking for attractions in the centre.|There are many things to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Any place would be great.|I can recommend the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, it's both peaceful and interesting. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds wonderful, what is the address on that?|The Botanic Gardens are located on bateman street.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I please have the exact address location?|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located on bateman street.  Does this help?
Yes, thanks! I also need a table at La Raza, please. Tuesday, 3 people, at 19:00.|I was unable to book that time. Would you like to try another time?
Really?  Can you try one more time?  I really wanted La Raza on Tuesday for 3 people at 19:00.|Unfortunately they are booked at this time. Can I possibly try a little bit earlier or later for you?
Yes, please.|Did you want to try earlier?
It really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on Tuesday at La Raza. Can you try again please?|La Raza is completely booked at that time, I apologize for the inconvenience. Would you like to try an earlier reservation?
No, I just need the reservation for that time and place.|Is there another time you'd like to try, it is not avaialble.
How about 18:00?|I'm sorry that time is not good either, are you positive you need it for 3 on Tuesday?
Yes, 3 people at 19:00 on Tuesday.  If that doesn't work, I'll just call and book it myself.|Sorry, that was also unsuccessful.
Okay, well, I'll take my chances on availability when I get there.  I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 19:00.|And where are you leaving from?
The Botanic Garden at Cambridge University|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Ford. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07033355721. Anything else for today?
Okay. Thank you very much.|I am happy to have been of assistance. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hello! I'm looking for the hotel called Cityroomz.  Can you give me some information, please?|Sure.  Cityroomz is located in the centre at sleeperz hotel, station road.
phone number and postcode please and thank you|The phone number is 01223304050 and the postcode is cb12tz.
Thank you for your help.|Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to eat in the west area.|Are you interested in a certain cuisine or price range?
Are there any British restaurants in that area?|There are three! Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive?
I do not have a preference on price range.|Okay. Well, I've heard great things about Graffiti. How about that?
That sounds great, do you have a number for Graffiti? What's the price range?|Graffiti's phone number is 01223277977. It's in the expensive price range. Do you want me to make a booking?
No but I do need a taxi and need it at restaurant by 03:15.|Okay, I will do that. Will you be picked up at the hotel?
No, I'll be heading from the restaurant to the hotel.|yellow honda
Contact number	:	07467571080
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thats all and thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I would like it to have free parking.|Does location or price range matter?
No but it would also need free wifi.|We have 21 guesthouses all over Cambridge, I can narrow that down further if you tell me what part of town you're interested in
I need the North part of town|How about the acorn guesthouse?
has it free parking?|Yes, the parking is free.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure can!  What day are you checking in?
i would like to check in on monday at 5:30|How many nights would you like to stay?
monday and I actually meant 17:30 and for 6 people.  Sorry, things are hectic and im a little scatterbrained.|But how many nights are you staying?
Just one please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2JXK0SQ0. Anything else I can help with?
I would like the contact number an car type.|Sure. Where would you like to go to?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant please.|I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave and what restaurant?
Oh, I seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. Can you look up Taj Tandoori for me?|Sure, their number is 01223412299
I'd like to book a table at Taj Tandoori for 6 people on Monday at 17:30|I have you booked the reference number is JQ0WQ39K. What else can I do for you?
I'll also need a taxi.|Where are you going?
I need to commute between the guesthouse and the restaurant. Make sure it arrives by the booked time and send me the contact number and car type please.|You are set, look for a white tesla, contact number is 	07013573051, any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge with free wifi.|There are many places located in Cambridge that meet your criteria. Do you mind narrowing your search preferences?
Yes I need a hotel in the East and 2 stars with free wifi.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is the only options fitting your preferences. Would you like me to reserve a room?
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on Thursday|You are booked for Express by Holiday Inn for 3 nights starting Thursday night. Your reference number is LEHR9ZYQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any multiple sports attractions in the centre area?|Unfortunately, no. Are there any other attractions you are interested in?
Oh no, ok. What about a college?|There are more than a few colleges in that area - would you like to avoid the ones with entrance fees?
Sure. Could you give me the postcode and phone number of a free one?|Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap, phone 01223334200. Can I help with anything else?
Great can I also get a taxi between the hotel and emmanuel college? I want to leave the attraction by 19:15 please.|I've successfully booked a taxi leaving Emmanuel College at 19:15 -- it'll be a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07103614017 if you have any issues.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes thank you so much.|You are welcome, if you need anything else, just contact us we are always happy to help.
I am planning a trip and need information on a particular attraction.|Do you know the name of the attraction?
I would like information about Cherry Hinton Water Play, please.|Sure, it's located in the east and is on cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. The postcode is cb18dw. It's also free admission.
i also need a place to stay|Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yeah I'd like to stay in the south.|Do you have a price range or preferred star rating?
should have a star of 4.|rosa's bed and breakfast is in the south and it's a 4 star hotel. Should I book it?
Yes. Book for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 10GCABIO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi from the attraction to Rosa's B&B by 02:30?|Alright, you're booked! The car will be a yellow Lexus, and the contact number is 07345849347. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's it.  Thank you.  You've been a great help today.|It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I am looking for a certain hotel.  I think that it is called something like Allenball|Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Do you know if they offer free parking?|Yes, Allenbell has both free parking and internet and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
not today. i also want information about a place to go and should be in the west|There are 13 great places you could visit. Do you have a particular attraction in mind? I would recommend a museum.
A museum sounds fun can I have the phone number and postcode for the one you recommend?|Sure.  How about Cafe Jello Gallery.  The postcode is cb30af and phone number is 01223312112.
Thanks, can you also book me a taxi?|Sure! Where do you need it to go and when will you need it?
To commute between both places, I want to leave the hotel at LEAST by 21:45.|Please look for a grey Audi.  The contact number is 07213476873.  What else can I help with today?
Okay thank you, that's all I needed.|You're welcome. Let me know if you end up needing anything else.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 02:30 and should go to Norwich train station.|I can definitely help you with that.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from jesus college.|I have booked you a grey Audi. The contact number is 07597249308. What else may I help you with?
that's is all i wanted for today, thanks|Thanks and have a nice day.
Yes, can I get a taxi?  I want to leave Lock Fyne and go to King's College.|Can you let me know when you want to leave or when you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by 22:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07570319007
Thank you. That was easy enough. Goodbye.|Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves crossover food?|I'm sorry but there are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Would you like to choose something different?
How about an Indian restaurant?|We love our indian food in cambridge, there are 14 restaurants to choose from.  Did you have a location in mind to help narrow it down?
I would like an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge please, the area is not important.|I recommend The Golden Curry in the centre. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No at this time. I'm also looking for attractions in the centre area.|What interests you: museums, architecture, theater, cinema?
I enjoy all of those. Could you make me a recommendation?|If you would like a suggestion, there is a nightclub called the Club Salsa that is always a very popular venue in the centre of town. Would you like more info?
No, anything but a night club.  What else can you recommend in the centre area?|How about scudamores punting co, it's a gorgeous boat. Address is granta place, mill lane, postcodecb21rs, phone number 01223359750.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the boat. Can you book that for me?|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave by 24:30.|Okay, I've booked you a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07525319116. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for your help. Have a great day!|My pleasure, enjoy your stay!
i want to book a taxi|Of course, let me help you with that. From where will you be departing?
I will be departing from frankie and bennys.|Okay, great, and do you know your destination and when you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 03:00 and go to bangkok city please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07576868430
Thanks so much, that is all I need.  Bye.|thank you too, enjoy your stay
book a taxi going to broughton house gallery to arrive by 6:15|I can book that for you, where will you be departing from?
I need to be picked up from ruskin gallery, please.|I've booked a red Tesla for you the contact number is 0794650059. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that is it. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
Hello I am seeking a restaurant in the west side of Cambridge to eat at. Please only suggest expensive places.|There are 9 matches. Do you have a food preference?
I would like to eat British food.|I suggest Graffiti. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday.|I was able to book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday.  Your confirmation number is C1555WJL.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay.  Something that is expensive and has free wifi.|There are 5 expensive hotels with free wifi. Do you have a preference of area?
I'm not really set on an area, however, please make sure that they are a 4 star hotel with free parking.|Then I suggest  the huntingdon marriott hotel. It is on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like for me too book it?
Yes please.  Book it for he same group of people and 3 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is: VJ7YQQS7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a taxi to get to the hotel after the restaurant|When would you like to leave the restaurant?
Wait, I want it to go to the restaurant by 15:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07237462964
Thank you so much for all the help!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hello I am looking for a hotel on the west side of town. I'm not picky about wi-fi.|I have two hotel that match your criteria.  Do you have a price range?
I don't have a price range at this time, but I am wanting to stay in a guesthouse.|Hobsons House may suit your needs, it is a guesthouse located in the West with a moderate price point. Would you like more information?
Yes please I would welcome that.|Would you like me to book it?
Does the Hosons offer free wifi? If so I would like to book it|yes it got wifi. how many people do i book for?
Book for 2 people, 5 nights, and we will arrive on Thursday.|Booked! Reference number: MP53R6QP.
We are looking for an expensive panasian restaurant and prefer it to be in the same area as the hotel. Any suggestions?|I'm sorry but there does not seem to be any expensive panasian restaurants located on the west side.  Would you like to try to search for something else?
Yes, could you see if there are any restaurants that serve French food?|I have two French restaurants in town. Both are expensive. One is in the north, and the other is in the centre of town. Which would you like?
Either one is fine I need a reservation for 2 on Thursday at 12:30.|i booked the one in the north. Reference number is : WSIGR4PK.
Thank you, that's all I needed.|Have a nice day.
Hello, are there any centrally located hotels in Cambridge with free parking?|There are a few hotels that meet your criteria. Would you be interested in the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It has four stars with cheap prices.
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.|There are 2 hotels in the expensive price range. One has 3 stars and one has 4 stars.
Let's go with the 4 star option. I'd like to book it for two people and three nights starting from thursday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter day?
Please try to book a 1 night stay.|The booking was successful at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference number is: E7AK16IK. Would you like the phone number?
I also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and serve north american food.|The only result in your area meeting that criteria is Gourmet Burger Kitchen in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please book the restaurant for me.|Not a problem. For what time and day will that be for?
I changed my mind. I will go ahead and book it myself. But, can you please provide me the address and postcode. Thanks.|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
Could you book me a taxi please? I would like to leave the restuarant at 20:15 and go back to the hotel.|I have successfully booked you a taxi! You will be driven in a Black Toyota and the contact number is 07914565807. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|No problem. You have a good day now!
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions that fit your criteria. Are you looking to visit a specific type of attraction?
I'd love to visit a park, especially a botanical garden if one is in that area!|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in town centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their phone number please? I'd also love to eat at a Malaysian place near the park. Any ideas?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that match that description. Could you like to try other food types?
No, thanks for helping. Goodbye!|Okay well please call back if you change your mind.
Hi, I would love to try a Mediterranean restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?|There are three options, the gardenia which is cheap in price range, along with la mimosa and shiraz restaurant which is expensive.  Ant preference?
I would prefer expensive and I'm looking to reserve a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday, please.|I can get those reservations for you at la mimosa. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday.|Unfortunately, that time slot is unavailable. Can I try a different time for you?
Okay, would 16:00 be a better time on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B1TRUT9Y.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Your taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07330545456. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you confirm the time that taxi was booked?  I need it to arrive at the restaurant by 16:00.|I have confirmed that the taxi will arrive at La Mimosa at 16:00. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I just need to know what type of car you booked for the taxi.|It is a red honda, and their phone number is 07330545456
Will it arrive at the restaurant by the booked time?|Correct. Everything is set.
ok, that's all I needed, thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for information on a nightclub in the south.|I have one listing for a nightclub called,"the place".
Okay. Could I get the address, postcode, and phone number for that one?|It is located on 22 Sidney Street.  The phone number is 01223324600.  Can I be of further assistance?
i need the postcode too|it is located on Sidney Street and the postcode is cb23hg
I need car type and contact number|Ok i will find you one and send you.thanks
Please have a taxi come pick me up at whale of a time after 16:00 today|I can help book that, what is your destination?
soul tree nightclub is my destination|Okay I have a white toyota and the contact number is 07007464352. Anything else I can do for today?
No that's it. Thank you!|It's been my pleasure. Have a great night!
looking for arbury lodge guesthouse|Arbury Lodge is located at 82 Arbury Road, in the north area of town. It's 4 stars and moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like a room for 4 nights starting from Sunday. I will also need the reference number please.|Sounds good. How many people should I make reservations for?
just one person please.|I have made your reservation for 1 person, for 4 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is RX0F3K8S. Is there anything else I can do for you?
thanks. i'm also looking for some places to visit around town.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a college in the centre please.|great, i have 13 you could visit!
Wow!  That's one smart place.  Pick one that you like!|gonville and caius college is my favourite. can i give you their contact?
Yes please give me their entrance fee and phone number.|gonville and caius college has a free entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi between them that leaves the hotel by 12:30.|you have been assigned a white skoda and the contact is 07605405449. what else do you need?
Thanks so much for the information. Good day!|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a museum in Cambridge. What museums are there?|The broughton house gallery is a museum in Cambridge's centre. Was there a particular side of the city you would like?
I didn't have an area preference so that works.|Very good. They are at 98 King Street, CB11LN. Their phone number is 01223314960, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a room in a 2 star hotel.|There are 3 hotels that have 2 stars do you have a price range or an area you want to stay in?
A hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|I recommend the Ashley Hotel. It's a nice little place on the north side of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need to for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is AABMC4EP. Will that be all?
I also need to get a taxi to leave the attraction by 21:30. I need a contact number and car type.|Where would you like to go from the Broughton House Gallery?
yes thats exactly where I want to go|a very cool white tesla will be picking you up contact number is 07558242015
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a Mexican restaurant with expensive food.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is very good.  Would you like a table?
Is that in the south area of town?|Yes. Shall I book it?
Yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at 14:30 on Friday?|I've made those reservations and your reference number are  OZZGLCVB.
Thank you. That's all I need today!|Okay I am glad I could be of help. Thank you for calling.
Hey, wait,  just a second! I just remembered, I need a place to stay with 4 stars, preferably a hotel.|There are 3 places available. Do you have an area in mind?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd just like it to be expensive, please?|i have 2 places. the huntingdon marriott hotel and the university arms hotel. which would you like?
i will go with the first. book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y79YGBO7. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks have a nice day.|Thanks, you too.
I need 3 rooms for  nights in a cheap hotel|I can certainly help you with that. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'm actually looking for an expensive north African restaurant.|There are none, can I find you find you anything else?
What about chinese food?|There are several options for chinese food. Is there a particular area that you would prefer?
No.  Just pick one.  I need a table for 4 at 16:30 on Thursday.  I need the reference number.  Also, I need a museum in the centre.|I've booked a table for you at Ugly Duckling located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Your reference number is 5VYTXWH4. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks.  I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?|There are lots of museums in the centre. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No is there one you could recommend?|Sure I personally like the primavera.
I'd like to get some additional information on this museum. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223357708  and the postcode is cb21sj. May I help with something else?
I would also like to book a taxi traveling between the two location.|Ok, which direction and what time?
i want it to go to my restaurant by 16:30|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07792008199
Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks. All set.|Okay, have a great day.
i am looking for a place to eat. The restaurant should be in the north and should serve indian food.|I am showing 2. The nirala which is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like to book one of them?
We are wanting to save money for the rest of the sights in town, so let's go with the cheaper one. Can you tell me about it?|Sure, the Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue, Chesteron and the post code is cb41eh.
Can you please make a reservation for me? It needs to be for 3 people at 14:45 on Friday.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0MRW9QAM.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah, I also wanted to find a park to visit in the north.|milton country park is in the north and it is free to visit.
That's great thank you!|Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and postcode of the park?|Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az, phone 01223420060. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a taxi between the two.|Tell me where your departure and destination sites will be.
I need a taxi from the park going to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive before my dinner reservation, if at all possible.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07283412603
Sweet, that's all I need today.|Wonderful! Thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and take care!
Greetings, I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant to take some clients.|Yu Garden is in the East and expensive. Charlie Chan is Centre and cheap. Also, Jinling Noodle Bar, in Centre, which is moderately priced.
Yu Garden sounds perfect.  Can you reserve a table for 3 for me?  We will be there on Saturday at 14:45.|I will be happy to reserve a table for three for you for Saturday at 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the reference number for our reservation please.|You are all set for Saturday at 14:45.  The reference number is WH1FANWJ.  Enjoy your meal!
I also need a 0 star room, and I will need wifi to be free too.|city centre north b and b ill be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
I will need a room for 4 people and it must be for 4 nights. Can you book a taxi to take me to Yu Garden. I need free parking. Thanks.|City centre north b and b has free parking and wifi. What day would you like your reservations to start?
I want my booking at the b and b to start on saturday|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is 25P0F6NG.  You mentioned you would also need a taxi?
Yes, please. I need to make sure I get from the B&B to the restaurant for that reservation.|Your taxi will be a yellow audi
Contact number	:	07845910981 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your help. That is all for today.|Thanks for letting us help, enjoy your trip!
Thank you and goodbye!|You are welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Is there anything interesting to see in the centre of town?|In addition to architecture, colleges, and museums, we also have boat attractions, nightclubs, and theatres in the centre.
I would be interested in seeing some interesting architecture.|There are a few places, mainly churches, that have great architecture. Do you want information on any of those?
No thank you though.  I would like information on greek restaurants that would be in the same area as the churches you suggested, please?|there is no greek restaurant in the  centre. can we change the location?
Well, how about African food?|Bedouin is an expensive serving african food in the centre of town.
That sounds good, can you book 2 people at 13:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IA596HSH.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to be at the restaurant by 13:30, of course.|Okay and where do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need it to arrive before the 13:30 at the restaurant.  Can you give me a contact number and the car type that will pick me up?|I can do that. I'm sorry, but can you clarify your departure site? It appears it would be a location in the centre?
You're right. I forgot to select an architectural sight that I wanted to visit. Could you suggest one in the city centre.|Sure thing. I would suggest the old schools.
That sounds good, can you book the taxi from there to the restaurant?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07935848087
thanks that's all i need|Can I assist you with anything further, today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Thank you, you too.
I am looking for a restaurant that servers modern european food.|There are 5 restaurants that serve modern European food, all located in the centre area. Did you have a particular price range in mind?
The restaurant should be in the moderate price range.|The Riverside Brasserie and De Luca Cucina and Bar are both in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can  you give me the contact information for The Riverside Brasserie?|Certainly. They are located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, phone number 01223259988.
Great, thank you.  Are there any colleges in town?|There are 18, actually! Is there a certain area you'd like to check?
Check the centre, can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one?|Christ's College is free. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23u.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'd be happy to help you. Which place will you be departing from? I will also need to know the time you'd like to leave.
I will be departing from Christ's College and need to leave by 06:15 please.|Thank you! Your car is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07248267753.
Are there any British restaurant that serve moderate priced food?|There are 5 available. Do you prefer the area of centre or west?
I don't care, just local.|Saint johns chop house is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west of town.
Could you book a table for 8 at 19:45 on Tuesday?|I  found this restaurant. This is at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Thank you. Could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on Tuesday?|Absolutely! Your reference number is T4M08E7A. Anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a place to stay. Is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the west that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.|We have 21 entries that match that criteria. Do you have a further preference?
As long as I can book it for eight people I do not have a preference otherwise|Alright. Let's just try to narrow it down a bit. Does the price range matter?
The price range does not matter. It needs to be a guesthouse and located in the west with free parking.|There are 2 choices that match.  I would recommend Finches Bed and Breakfast as it meets your criteria, is cheap and has 4 stars.  Shall I book it?
Yeah, I've heard good stuff about Finches', could you give me the most earliest available dates for the place? I need to get a reservation as soon as possible please.|What day would you like your reservation and for how many nights? Also, how many guests will there be?
There'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on Tuesday.|How many days would you like to stay?
We will be staying 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, but there are no vacancies at that time. Would you like to try a different day or perhaps a shorter stay?
Would it be available for just one night?|Yes, you're booked for one night with reference number RAHZVKVN. How else may I assist you?
Oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel?|Ok.  A white ford will pick you up at Saint Johns Chop House at 21:45.  The contact number is 07368759455.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you give me some information on the Allenbell? It's a hotel.|It is a 4 star hotel that is cheap, and in the east of town. It is a guesthouse type and phone number is 01223210353.
I need it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. I will also need the reference number.|I have successfully booked it for you. Your reference number is I44610JK.
I'm also looking for a museum in the east area. Can you help me find one?|Yes, the Cambridge Artworks is a wonderful museum in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes! Can I have the postcode for it?|Sure, the postcode for cambridge artworks is cb13ef.  Do you need any more information?
Well, I also need to book a taxi.  I want to leave the hotel by 19:30.|Certainly I can help with that, will you destination be  from allenbell?
I want to go to the Cambridge Artworks.|I have booked a taxi for you. A grey toyota with the contact number 07790143125. Is there anything else you need?
No. Thank you very much.|Thank you, please enjoy your stay here in Cambridge. And have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for some entertainment in the center of town.|There is no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, but are there any theatres in the center of town?|Sure, there are 4 theatres in the centre of town. I suggest the Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Is there any other information you need?
Yes, could you also give me the postcode and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?|It is not giving me an entrance fee, but the postcode is cb11pt. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Could you help me find a good 4 star hotel?|I have found the University Arms Hotel in town centre, it has ratings of 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Yes, can you book it for three people for one night?|What day would you be arriving?
Actually, could you make sure it offers free parking?  I will need it for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday if there is free parking.|It does have free parking, but I'm sorry to say that I cannot book 4 nights for you. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights?|I was able to book 3 nights, your confirmation code is TRBKGR36
Can you also set up a taxi to take me from Mumford Theatre to the hotel. I want to leave the theatre by 05:00.|Have a good trip!
Hello, I am looking for information about Trinity College.|No problem.  Trinity college is located on Trinity Street and there is a 1 pound entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223338400.  Did you need anything else?
No thank you that was all.|You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I almost forgot, I need to locate a restaurant in the centre town in the moderate price range. And can you confirm the attraction type for Trinity college please.|We have 21 restaurants in the centre area with a moderate price range. What type of food would you be interested in? Trinity College is listed as a college.
Is there a restaurant in the center that serves international food but moderately priced?|There are two restaurants that serve international cuisine in the area. Would you be interested in The Varsity Restaurant, or the Bloomsbury Restaurant?
I'm interested in The Varsity Restaurant. What is the phone number, postcode and address for this restaurant?|The Varsity Restaurant is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to book a taxi from Trinity College to Varsity Restaurant, though.|I'll be glad to help. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave the attraction by 14:00, so book the taxi for 10:00.|You're all set.  A red volvo will pick you up. Your contact number is 07236406962.  Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thanks for helping me out.|not a problem! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a nice guesthouse to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. Anything with a 4 star rating will do.|The a and b guest house meets your needs. Would you like to book it?
Possibly, does this guesthouse hotel offer free parking and free wifi?|How about Allenbell? This meets all your criteria.
That could work. Where is Allenbell located?|The Allenbell is located in the East area.  Would you like its address?
I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the area that serves vegetarian food.|I'm not finding any cheap vegetarian restaurants. Is there something else you'd like to look for?
What price range do you have for vegetarian food in the centre area?|There are no results for a vegetarian restaurant in any price range in the centre area. Would you like to broaden your search to another area?
Are there any that serve spanish food instead? Preferably in the center area as well.|Yes. We have two restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
I just need the address for one of the restaurants.|The address for La Tasca is 14 -16 Bridge Street.
Thank you. The last thing I think I need is a taxi. To pick me up at the restaurant by 10.00?|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what your destination is from the restaurant.
I need to return back to the hotel from the restaurant.|All right, I have booked you a taxi from the restaurant back to your lodgings. It will be a white volkswagen, and it will arrive to pick you up at 10:00. Is there anything else you need?
Yes I will also need the contact number for the taxi. Thanks|The contact number is 07800878036. Anything else I can do for you?
What is the car type that will be sent?|The car is a white volkswagen. May I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thank you very much!|You are welcome. Have a great day, goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the Centre of town, please?|Yes the name of the hotel is cityroomz would you like me to book it for you?
Does it  include free wifi|Yes. There is free wifi.
I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights please!|Certainly, when would you like to arrive?
Arriving on tuesday|I was able to book it, the reference number is JC2OYOAS
Alright, are there any moderately priced indonesian places nearby?|I'm sorry, but there are no Indonesian restaurants in Cambridge at any price point.
Okay, let's try Chinese.  Are there any Chinese restaurants in the area that are also moderately priced?|Yes, I would suggest this one jinling noodle bar.
Awesome can I get the address please?|The address is, 11 Peas Hill City Centre, Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok.  I would like to book a table for 8 for tuesday at 15:30|You are all set, the reference number is JT0ZZVVL, can i assist with anything else?
Yes.  I also need a taxi.|I would be happy to help you with that.  Where will you need to be picked up at?
I'd like to be picked up at the hotel and arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Ok fantastic. Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Lexus and the contact number is 07413773624.
Thank you for your help!|Do you need any help with any thing else?
That's all I will be needing today, thank you.|Thank you for choosing our services. Good day!
i want to check out a museum|I have 23 museums.  Can you help me narrow what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter but can you recommend one and give me their address?|My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery, located at 98 King Street.
What is the entrance fee there?|Admission is absolutely free!
Sweet!. Can you give me informatin on a place called home from home?|It's a guesthouse in north, 4 stars, moderate price.
Thank you! Can I also have the address, please?|its address is 78-80 Milton road
Great.  Thanks!  I also needed to find a taxi, can you assist me with that?|Where would you like to be picked up and at what time?
I would like to be picked up from the hotel by 06:30|Your booking was successful. It will be a yellow audi and the contact number os 0747386590. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all, thanks a lot.|Happy to help, have a nice day.
Thank you, have a nice day!|Contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anymore help. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a moderately priced, 1-star place to stay.|I have many options. Do you have a preference for the area you would like to stay in.
The area doesn't matter. I would like free wifi though, if possible.|Unfortunately we do not have any moderately priced 1 star hotels in Cambridge.  I'm sorry!  Cityroomz has 0 stars in the centre, does that work?
Not really, how about 4 star?|There are several moderate 4-star places to stay throughout town, but they are all guesthouses. Would a guesthouse work for you?
Do they also have free parking?|acorn guest house does have free parking,would you like that one?
Yes. I also need to find a place to dine that is in the center and the same price range as the hotel.|Would you like me to reserve the acorn guest house for you?
No, I don't need a hotel booking at this time. I'd like to find a place to dine on Sunday.|Dojo Noodle Bar is a nice cn I book you a table ?
I'm looking for a particular attraction called funky fun house.|Yes, it is at 8 Mercers row, with a phone of 01223304705.
Can you tell me the address?|8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Anything else you need to know?
Actually, yes. I'm looking for a guesthouse called the arbury lodge.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderate price 4 star guesthouse located north. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Can you help me find a restaurant?|It would be my pleasure. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I would love some North American food!|We have one option, the gourmet burger kitchen, they are in the centre area and the pricing is expensive, can I book you?
Yes, just myself at 11:45 on monday please.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 0X0N3WV0.
Thanks so much.  Can you help me find a place to stay in that area as well?|What area are you looking to stay in?
The south please.|There are a number of options.  Did you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter and I don't need free parking. I'd prefer a guesthouse.|I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house, it is in the moderate price range and four stars. It's on 5 mowbray road, cb17sr. Would you like me to make a bookin gfor you?
Not yet, do they have internet? And what is their postcode?|Yes they have internet and their postcode is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the guesthouse and arrive at the restaurant by 11:45 please. Please include the contact number and car type.|Can you please give me the name of your departure and name of your desination?
I am leaving from the restaurant.|Just to be clear, do you want to be picked up at the gourmet burger kitchen, or is that your destination?
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book.|I also need to know when you want to leave.
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book|Okay, I have you booked in a blue Audi.  The contact number is 07920692950.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything today.|I was glad to assist you today.
I need to book a taxi to take me from Bangkok City. I need to leave by 19:30.|And where will you be going to, please.
I would like to go to Prezzo|Okay I have booked your taxi for you
What is the car type?|Here you are! Booked car type	:	yellow lexus
Contact number	:	07405095877
thank you. i apreciate having gotten help from your desk. hope to get more and better help sometime latter. looking foward to seeng you latter on, thank you so much again|alaways welcome for more services
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to help. Good bye.
Can you assist me in finding me an Expensive Restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine? The restaurant should be serving British foods.|sure, i have 6 options for you
I'd like it to be in Centre.|I would suggest midsummer house restaurant it has great food.
Can you make me a reservation for Saturday please for 3 people?|What time would you like to dine on Saturday?
We will be dining at 16:30. Please book a table for 3 on Saturday and provide the reference number. I also need a hotel in the same area.|Alright, I have your restaurant booking. Your reference number is: DHDB0H4V. What are you looking for in a hotel, so I can narrow down the choices?
Something in the same area as the restaurant. It should also be in that same price range.|I've got two expensive hotels in the area. Both have internet and parking. university arms hotel has 4 stars. Does that meet your needs?
Yes, that should be perfect thank you.|Would you like me to book you a room? If so, i will need how many people and nights you will be staying and on what day.
I would like a room for three people, just for Saturday night.|The booking was successful I have  a reference number and the hotel number for you.
Can I have the postcode and hotel type, please?|it is the type of a hotel. its post code is cb21ad. anything else?
I also need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.|I will look a taxi up for you.
Thank you very much! Can you please make sure that it arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?|A grey toyota will be waiting to pick you up, if you have any further questions the contact number is 07137847685.
Thanks so much!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thanks for using our service, good day!
Thanks for all the help.|Anytime, were here to help. Have a good day!
I need to book a taxi please.|Okay, I will need some more information from you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by 11:45.|Great. Can you tell me where you will be traveling to and from?
I want to go from wandlebury country park to huntingdon marriott hotel|07426688661 is the contact number, I have you in a grey Toyota.
That's perfect, thanks!|Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling us. Goodbye.
What can you tell me about the hotel el shaddai?|El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse located in the centre that has free parking and internet. Would you like the phone number and address?
No but I would like to make a booking for 8 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.|Ok, I have your guest house booked for 8 people, for 2 days, starting on Thursday.You reference number is JZ3CHA4K. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a good cinema to visit in the centre of town.|Vue Cinema is located in the centre, would you like the address and phone number?
I just want the phone number and entrance fee please|The entrance fee is not showing up on my computer, the address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I asked you for the phone number not the address.|The phone number is 08712240240.
Great, thank you. Could you also help me with booking a taxi to go from the hotel to the cinema?|How many people will the taxi be for?
There are 8 of us going.|All I need to know is what time you would like your ride for and I can get that booked for you right away.
I want to leave at 12:30 from my hotel and go to the cinema. Please give me the car type and phone number|The taxi will be a white toyota and the contact number is 07880526604. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
There's nothing more that I need. Thanks, bye!|You are welcome enjoy.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 21:15 and should depart from backstreet bistro.|What will be your destination?
I'm sorry I need to change that. I need the taxi to depart from kings lynn train station and go to cherry hinton water play.|Okay. I've booked a taxi that will pick you up at 21:30. Look for a Red Skoda and the contact number is 07797598861. Anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!|You are welcome! Have a good day.
I need a taxi to come by at 18:15 to take me to Meghna.|I can help with that, where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from aylesbray lodge guest house.|Your booking is complete. A grey lexus will pick you up.
Awesome.  Can I get a contact number please?|Contact number	:	07626056200
Anything else?
I have everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Greetings. I'd like some information about vue cinema.|The vue cinema is located in the centre of the city and the phone number is 08712240240.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ps. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for an oriental restaurant that is relatively cheap . Any suggestions?|Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both located in the centre area. Would you like more info on either of these?
Yes I would love to hear about either.|Both are in the centre of town and in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address for Dojo Noodle Bar?|The phone number is 01223363471 and the address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Wonderful, now I will need a taxi to commute between the two. I want to leave the cinema by 20:45 to get to the restaurant.|Ok, not a problem! You will be looking for a yellow volkswagen and the taxis phone number is 07352155369.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is everything! Thank you for all your help!|Have a good day!
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Bangkok City restaurant?|Of course! It's an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre at 24 Green Street City Centre cb23jx. Their phone is 01223354382. May I help with anything else?
No that was all. Thank you very much.|OK, goodbye!
I'm also looking for museums to see in the west.|Oh, certainly. We have seven, including the Museum of Classical Archaeology, and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.
Can I have the postcode, address and entrance fee for each?|The museum of classical archaeology is free at sidgwick avenue with postcode cb39da. The cambridge and county folk museum is at 2-3 castle street, postcode cb30aq and cost 3.50 pounds.
I'm looking for a taxi as well to commute between the two places.|So, you need something from the restaurant to the museum then? What time are you wanting to leave or be there by?
I want to leave the museum by 03:15, please.|Before I book your taxi, which museum you will be visiting?  Can you confirm that the taxi will pick you up at the museum and drop you at the restaurant?
I would like to leave the folk museum at 3:15 and head over to the restaurant, yes.|Great. A black ford will be waiting for you outside of the Folk Museum at 3:15. The driver's phone number is 07642790462. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be all for me. Goodbye.|Thank you and have fun at the museum and restaurant!
Hi, I am  looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.|There are many options to choose from but all of them are guesthouses except one. Do you need a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
I don't mind what type of hotel. But it needs to be in the centre and offer free parking.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel in the centre area with free parking. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights.|Which three nights would you like me to book the hotel for?
Starting from sunday, please.|No problem. Your booking was successful for four people, starting Sunday for three days. Your reference number is 3BUQP529.
Thanks can I also get a restaurant? I am looking for one in the centre of town serving korean food|The only Korean restaurant in the center of town is Little Seoul. It's expensive, but very good. Would you like to book a table there?
No, but I will need a taxi to the restaurant. I'll need to get from the Alexander B&B to Little Seoul, leaving the hotel at 13:30.|Not a problem. You will be picked up by a white volvo, contact number 07532822307.
Thanks for you're help. May I also have the address and phone number of the restaurant.|The phone number is 01223308681 and their address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for all your help!|Of course, have a nice day!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the north, and I'd like the more expensive range please.|I'm sorry, but there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Could I check for one in the moderate price range for you?
I'm sorry not hotels, guesthouses please.|There are no guesthouses in the expensive range in the north area.  There are five options, in the moderate range, any other preferences?
Yes, please check one in the moderate range.|I have many listings,could I get what star rating to would preferred?
Honestly, I would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its moderately priced.|Alright. Does the acorn guest house sound okay? It's 4 stars with free internet and parking.
That would be fine. Could you also find out some information about the india house restaurant?|The india house is in the expensive price range and located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thanks. Could you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:30 on Thursday?|I am unable to book during that time slot on Thursday.  Would you like to try a different time on Thursday or maybe a different day?
How about 15:30?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : SP0ZTZU8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'll be needing a taxi between those two locations. Please make sure they can have me at the restaurant by my reservation time.|Booking was successful. You will arrive at the India House by 15:30.
That's all I needed. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'd like to try some Indian food. What do you have?|Oh, there are many nice Indian restaurants to choose from.  What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cheap Indian restaurant located in the centre,|I suggest Kohinoor.  The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure.  I just need a table for myself at 14:00 on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, they are booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
Okay, let's try for 13:00 instead.|That was successful. Your reference number is HMN75TCM.
Wonderful!  I also need some information about a hotel called the Hamilton Lodge.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can! The Hamilton is a guesthouse on the north side. It is moderately priced, has 3 stars, free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
Can you reserve me a taxi that arrives to the restaurant before 14:00 on wednesday?|Can you tell me where you will be leaving from?  Do you want me to make a hotel reservation for you?
I will be leaving from hamilton lodge and heading to the restaurant.|Your car is booked. A black tesla will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge and get you to Kohinoor by 14:00. Their contact number is 07942596374 if you need to call.
Thank you so much, that is everything that I need.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the north part of town. Do you have any suggestions?|Sure! There are swimmin pools, boat, and a park. What would you like more information on?
Any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the north. I'll need the address and entrance fee information as well, please.|Well the Milton Country Park is free and their address is milton country park, milton.
Great.  I'm also looking for a place to stay.  Can you look for a 4 star hotel with free parking?|I have 3 hotels matching your request.  Two are in the west and one center.  Do you have a preference in part of town?
Are any of them in the moderate price range?|There are none in the moderate price range, I have a couple expensive and 1 cheap.  Do you have a preference?
How about guesthouses?  Any matches?|I found a great 4 star guesthouse on the east side in the moderate price range. It's carolina bed and breakfast. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I'll be coming in on Wednesday with 5 people total. We'll be staying for 5 nights.|Your room has been reserved. Reference number is RQ1GW9PE.
Thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. I need to get there by 22:00|Sorry, can you clarify which is the destination and which is the departure site? I know you want to arrive by 22:00 but at which place?
from the hotel to the attraction please|A blue ford will arrive at Carolina Bed and Breakfast at 22:00 to take you to Milton Country Park. The driver's contact number is 07842440492
Great, thanks! You've been a big help.|You are welcome. Do you need any information about restaurants? I can help with that, too.
I only need a taxi.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hello, I need help finding a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 21 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
Yes, I would like a international restaurant if possible.|I have two. The varsity and Bloombury restaurant's.
The Varsity will be fine. I'll need a table on Friday at 14:00. It will be for 8 people.|You are all set, the reference number is 8FUDRX3I, can I assist with anything else?
Great, yes I'm also looking for the Whipple museum of the history of science. Can you tell me a bit about it?|Of course!  The museum is in the centre on Free School Lane and has Free Admission. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I also get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant. I want to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Ok I have a taxi booked for you.  It will be a blue BMW and the contact number is 07894266457. I there anything else I can do?
Nope, thanks for everything! Bye now!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!
I need a hotel to stay in the East area.|Yes I have many guesthouses  and one hotel. Is there a price range you prefer?
I definitely want a hotel, and I'd like a place that has 4 stars.|I have 6 guesthouses with 4 stars in the east, do you have a price range preference?
No I don't have a price range whichever you recommend is fine.|Leverton House will give you the most bang for your buck. Would you like me to make a reservation?
And there are no hotels? Just guesthouses?|I double checked and no, there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you still be interested in the Leverton House?
Does it have free parking?|yes there is free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to book just yet.  But I was also looking for a place to eat in the same area of town.|We have quite a few restaurants in the east end. Is there any particular food you're looking for?
As long as it is in the moderate price range, I am open to your recommendation.|There are 3 restaurants in the East, there are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the italian place. Make me a reservation for Friday for 8 at 15:15 please.|You're all set! Your reference number is NEZN98ZC.
thank you that will be all for now|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I am looking for cinemas in the east|There are no cinemas in the East. Would you like me to look in a different area?
No. Is there a park?|There is 1 park in the east. The Cherry Hinton Water Play park near Cherry Hinton Hall.  Would you like the phone number?
Just the entrance fee, thank you.|The Cherry Hinton Water Play Park offers free admission. Is there anything more I can help with?
Yes, I want to find out about da vinci pizzeria please.|Sure, this is an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, a table for 8 on Thursday. We'd like to dine at 12:45.|Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : GBZVHZAM. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the water park to the restaurant by my reservation time, please.|Ok I made that taxi reservation.  It's a blue toyota and the contact numner is 07403878307.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything more today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you find me a guest house?|Their is Acorn guest house in the north, they are located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888
Ok is the Acorn guest house a 4 star moderate priced hotel with free parking|Yes, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse. They offer free parking and internet.
I'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I was able to book that, reference number is C0SOOPR7.
Great! I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same price range.|There are many moderately priced restaurants available.  Is there a particular type of food you would like?
The restaurant would need to serve kosher food.|I'm not finding anything in the price range and area that serves kosher food.  Would you like to try a different price range?
How about one that serves british food?|I'm not finding any moderately priced British restaurants in the north, either. Would you like me to look for something else, or a different price range?
Yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either kosher or british food?|I'm sorry I do not see any listing for the description you are looking for. Perhaps there is something else you would like to try?
Ok, let's start over. I don't want to cause confusion. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food. Can we try that?|I'm sorry, I don't have any matches for that, would you like to try another option?
How about a restaurant that serves British food in the centre of town?|I have 4 listings for british food in the centre of town.
Okay, please pick one for me.|Shall I book one? If so on what day?
Wednesday, for 2 people. At 16:30.|Among the four restaurants, I cannot book for 1630, is there another time you would like to aim for?
How about 15:30? please send me the reference number once booked.  I am also going to need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant by booking time.|OK, you're booked at Cotto, refrence number UH4IHWMG. A red volkswagen should be coming to the Acorn to take you there, contact number 07499457879. Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That does it for me. Take care. Goodbye.|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm looking for places to visit. I'd like to find any sports related attractions in the south.|I'm sorry, there aren't any sports attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another area?
Are there any entertainment attractions in that area?|there two entertainment attractions in that area the nusha and the tenpin. would you like the addresses for them?
Yes, I still need the address, postcode, and entrance fee for the Nusha, please.|Nusha is located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, postcode cb17dy. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. What else can I help you with?
I need a 4-star place to stay. I don't care about internet, but I do need free parking.|There are 19 entries that match your specifications. Do you need any more specifications?
Actually I do need free wifi.|Do you have any price preferences? Or area preferences?
I don't really care, I just need free parking and prefer 4 stars.|How about Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 Chersterton Road.
Can you try to book that for me for 6 people for 3 nights from Wednesday?|I was unable to book Acorn Guest House for you. Would you like to try a different hotel? Or perhaps a shorter stay?
Yes, I'll shorten my stay. How about 1 night?|OK, I have you booked at the Acorn for 1 night! Your Reference number is GFSN1SHY. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes actually. I will need a taxi to leave the hotel at 4:45 to head to the Nusha.|Okay sure. I have booked that for you and your contact number for the driver is: 07195670404. A black Volkswagen will be picking you up.
Perfect! You've given me all of the information I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a place to dine that serves north american food located within the town centre.|The only North American restaurant in the centre is Gourmet Burger Kitchen. It is expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Can you tell me the postcode and phone number for Gourmet Burger Kitchen?|Sure, the postcode is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223312598. How else may I assist you?
Yes I would also like to visit some colleges in the same part of town. Is that possible?|There are 13 colleges in the Centre. 3 have nominal entrance fees of 2.50 pounds or less, the rest are free to visit. Do you have any preference?
Could you give me the address for one of the free colleges?|Christ's College is free and is located at Saint Andrew's Street with a postcode of cb23bu. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes. I'd like a taxi to pick me up at Christ's College and take me to the restaurant. I'd like to leave the attraction by 19:00.|Ok, your booking has been completed. Your taxi will be a gray skoda and it's contact number is 07541933762
That is all I need for today. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you! Feel free to contact us if you need anything else. Have a great day!
I would like to book a taxi to the gandhi.|I can help you book that, first I'll need to know where you'd like picked up at.
I want to be picked up at prezzo please|I'll need a little more information to find you a taxi. What time would you like to arrive at the ghandi?
I can't leave until after 16:30, please.|Okay, I've got a grey ford with the contact number 07766078886.
Thank you very much!|You are most welcome!
I am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre area.|I have several restaurants matching your request.  What type of cuisine would you like?
I don't really care. Can you please suggest one for me? And please include the postcode. Thanks.|I recommend The Oak Bistro. They serve British food and the postcode is cb21eg. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No thank you. I did want to go to an attraction in the same area of town.|There are 44 attractions located in the centre of town like the restaurant. Is there a particular type you would like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum. Are there any in the area?|There are 11 different museums in city centre. I find the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology to be fascinating. Would you like to learn more about them, or keep looking?
That sounds interesting. Can you tell me their phone number and the cost of entrance?|Entry is free and the phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the bistro?|What time would you like to travel between the two places?
I want to leave the museum by 07:45.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a white Audi. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07749170478. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's everything I needed today.|You're welcome and have a great day.
i am looking for a hotel in Cambridge called the cambridge belfry|That hotel is in the West and listed as cheap, but still has 4-stars. They provide free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number: MCITLHI8.
Great! I also need information on multiple sports in the centre.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Should we try another area?
How about a museum?|how about broughton house gallery? it's free of charge.
That sounds great. Can you please give me the phone number?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223314960.
I would also like a taxi to commute and I would like it 17:45 please and the contact number and the car type, thank you|Okay, where do you want the taxi to pick you up and where will you be going?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 17:45.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking out for a White Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07698582191. Anything else for today?
Great! That's it! Thank you!|Thank you and have a good day!
I'm looking for a gastropub food restaurant in the centre of Cambridge please.|Sure what price range are you looking for?
I don't really have a price range in mind. What's your favorite place?|My favorite is The Slug and Lettuce.  It is expensive though.  Can I get you an address for it?
Nah, I'll get that later. Can you book a table there, though? 3 people on Sunday at 15:30.|Yes I can, I have booked a table for 3 people for Sunday at 15:30 at the Slug and Lettuce. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay with free parking.|The reference number for you dinner reservation is 7E3EL1IG.  What area of town would you like to stay in?
I just need to find a hotel for Sunday for 3 people. The stay should be two nights. Please give me the reference number too.|OK, I was able to book you at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is YBGSWXEJ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places.|Sure thing. I can work on getting that booked for you.
Could you please do that?|Which place will you be leaving from?
I want to make sure it gets me to the restaurant for the reservation from the hotel.|You are set, look for a red tesla, their contact number is 07587955465, any further questions today?
That is great. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay!
Hi.  I would like to book a taxi to the Chiquito Restaurant Bar.  I will need to be picked up at the Ely Train Station.|What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive by 13:15 please.|I have booked your taxi from ely train station to chiquito restaurant bar to arrive by 13:15. Booked car type red toyota, contact number 07582230600. May I help with anything else?
No, that is it. Thanks!|Sounds good, let me know if you need anything else.
Please book a taxi for 1:15 to go to whale of a time.|I will need a pickup location first
Pick me up at The Lucky Star.|Great! I was able to book a white Lexus for you.
Thank you. May I have the contact number for the Lexus, please?|The contact number is 07253412910.
Perfect. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!|Thank you goodbye
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the east part of town.|I have 6 guesthouses on the east side of town. Would you like more information on one of them?
A guesthouse would be perfect. Can you make a recommendation of one please?|I sure can!  I like a and b guest house.  Do you want a reservation?
no thank you. get me the phone number instead|Sure.  The phone number is 01223315702.  What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for things to do in town|We have almost 80 attractions across the city. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I'd like to go to a theatre in the same area of town as the hotel.|we have alot in the centre of town
well in the same area as the hotel I am walking|We actually have zero theatres in the east part of town! sorry about that. Maybe another part of town would work for you?
How about a park instead?|There is one park in the area named cherry hinton water play. Would you like more information?
No, I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse at 23:00 going to the attraction. What is the contact information and car type please?|Congratulations you got the tesla.
I still need the contact number please.|the phone number is 01223446100
I'm sorry, but I forgot to get the phone number for the park. Can you get that for me, please?|No problem. The phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need thanks for the help!|excellent, have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the cheap price range.|I have one in the north area would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to stay in the east and it needs to have free wifi please.|Unfortunately, I cant find a listing in the east part of town, the next listing available is in the centre and it does have free wifi.
The centre will be fine. Can I have the info on that one,please?|That would be the El Shaddai. They offer free parking and wifi. They are located at 41 Warkworth Street. Their postcode is cb11eg. You can reach them at 01223327978.
I would like to find something fun to do in the East.|What kind of entertainment are you looking for?
Just pick an attraction in the same area as my hotel that you personally recommend and tell me its type|Maybe Old Schools, it is an architecture attraction.
Ok. I want a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 10:45 and take me to the hotel. Please give car type and contact info|I have booked a taxi service for you. The car will be a yellow honda and the phone number to reach them is 07991691380
Thank you for your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Good day. Might you be able to assist me with a taxi going to Corpus Christi leaving sometime after 08:45?|Sure I can do that! Where is the departure site?
I need it to pick me up from gourmet burger kitchen.|The car coming is a White Tesla with contact number is: 07441094025
Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?|I would recommend the Cambridge Contemporary Art museum. It is located at 6 trinity street and it also has free admission. Is there anything else that you need?
What is their postcode?|That postcode is cb21su.
Thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|Okay, what area will you be staying in?
I'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the centre of town.|What is your star rating preference?
I really do not care anything will do|I recommend the University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Would you like to book a room?
I want want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where and when do you want to the taxi to pick you up ?
Can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by 07:30?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow honda
Contact number	:	07397168594
Thank you for all of your assistance.|Thank you have a nice day.
Can you help me find a good steakhouse?  Ideally I would like it to be moderately priced, not too fancy or cheap.|I don't have a moderately priced steakhouse. Would you like to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd like steak. Maybe try in the west?|There are no matches found would you like me to look up a different area?
can you find me one that serves indian food?|Meghna is a moderately priced indian restaurant, it is located in the west.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please,book a table for 8 people at 17:45 on monday.|Your reference number is ON7EUM19.   Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm not sure, let me check and see if my husband has any other questions.|Just let me know!
i'm also looking for a place to stay.|what area and when are you planning your stay?
West. And on Monday|There are 4 places in the west. Do you want to book? If so, please give me the number of people and days that you will be staying.
Okay, I need to make sure it's in the moderate price range and that it's a guesthouse.|hobsons house fits your requirements nicely. Want to book it?
no thanks. I just need to see if they have free wifi and what their phone number is.|Yes, they do have free internet and their phone number is 01223301906. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 17:45 on monday from the hotel|You are all set.  Is there anything else I can do for you?     Booked car type	:  yellow ford
Contact number:  07359918327
Thank you so much for your help.  That's all I need.|Thank you goodbye
Hello.  I am excited to see some local tourist attractions on my trip to Cambridge.  Can you suggest some places to go?|All saints church is available in the centre of town.
I will be in the east and am wondering if there is a concerthall.|No, there are no concert halls in the east. What else can I assist with?
Can you tell me if there are any swimming pools located in the east?|I have one and it is abbey pool and astroturf pitch.
Can you give me more information on abbey pool.|Sure! It's located on poolway, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay in the east, moderately priced and with wifi.|Warkworth House appears to fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
Does it also have free parking? I forgot to mention I'll be needing that too.|It does have free parking, yes. Would you like me to book you any rooms?
I would!  Can you do that for me?|Yes, just let me know the details of your stay and I can book a room for you.
I need a room for three nights for 5 people|What day will you be checking in ?
I am checking in on friday for an extended weekend holiday.|How many days will you be staying?
Oh gosh, I guess you must have missed it. I did say Friday for 3 nights, 5 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Isn't that the point of this conversation?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is MUD82719.
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. I will also be needing a taxi.|Where will you be going?
For commuting between the two places discussed.|What time would you like to leave by?
I want leave the hotel by 18:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type		grey tesla
Contact number		07501896564
I am all set, thanks.|goodbye, enjoy your time.
i need a taxi by 8:15 going to the golden hous|Great.  And where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to be picked up at holy trinity church. If you've got it handy I'll be needing the car type and their contact number too, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07288413004
Yes I am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and has a three star rating please.|We do have a couple matching your criteria, they both fall under the expensive range, one in the centre and one in the south, what is your location of choice?
I don't care where it is located.  I would like an actual hotel room and I will need free parking too.|Alright, you have your choice between the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place, cb11ly, or The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 Lensfield Road, cb21en. Do you need more information, or to book?
Yes, I would like to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday. Please make sure to include the reference number.|I got that all ready to go for you. They will be expecting you on Tuesday. Your reference number is 5535GDTO. Would you need help with something else today?
I am also interested in places to go in the east area. Can you help with that?|Certainly, we have 10 attractions in the east. Do you have a particular type in mind?
Yes I am looking for a park. I'd also like to know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number please.|The cherry hinton water play park is at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw, it is free to enter.Phone number 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I also need a taxi to commute between the two.|What time do you need to leave?
16:45. Please give me their car type and contact number.|I will need a departure or arrival time.
I want to leave at 06:45. I can arrive however long it takes.|Perfect! I have a white volvo scheduled to pick you up at 06:45. The contact number is 07550105668.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!|You're welcome. It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of The Lensfield Hotel.|I have a listing for that hotel. It is on the south side and has three stars. Can I book you a room?
What type of hotel is this and could I get the address?|It's a hotel  and the address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a museum located in  centre.|I'd like to suggest the broughton house gallery. Do you need any information on it?
Yes, can you tell me the entrance fee?|Good news, it is free to enter! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i also want to book a taxi. i want to leave the hotel by 18:30. get contact number and car type|Booked it.  It's a yellow honda, contact 07649871562.  Anything else you need?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
What type of food does the Oak Bistro in Cambridge serve?|The Oak Bistro serves British food. Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book a table for 5 on Saturday at 16:45. May I get the reference number for that once you've booked it please?|Are you sure this is the location you are looking for?
What do you mean? Do you have another suggestion?|No, it just seems as though our system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your restaurant requirements?
The Oak Bistro for 5 people on Sunday at 16:45.  Also I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range with free parking.|You're booked at the Oak Bistro (Ref #QUJHQIMG). There are two hotels available: one in centre and one in south. Do you have a preference?
No preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. I need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, neither hotel is available for that booking.  Would you like me to try a different day or shorter stay?
Is it available for 2 nights then?|Great your reference number is DK2CZK2P.
Thanks. I'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to make sure I get there by the 16:45 reservation.|I have booked your taxi as well. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Could I get the contact number and type of car for the taxi please.|The car is a yellow tesla. Contact number: 07951091729
Thank you. Do I need a reservation number for the taxi?|No you do not need a reservation number for the taxi.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I almost forgot; I need the hotel name, LOL.|Of course! Your reservation is at the Gonville Hotel.
Thank you so much for your help today.|No problem, you have a lovely day!
i'm looking for places to go in town|Okay! What kind of place would you like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum in the south. I need the postcode and entrance fee.|byard art is located in the south. The postcode is cb21sj and doesn't charge an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay at with free wifi and parking.|Well I have a lot of places matching that description so can we narrow those choices by selecting an area for the hotel to be located in?
Lets try the south side.|Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
Either will be fine|I have 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a ratings preference?
I'm sorry I do want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. I will just need the price range and post code please.|the lensfield is nice its expensive and the postcode is cb21en, anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure, which place do you want to be picked up at and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up at Byart Art museum by 21:00. Could you please book a taxi for me.|What is your destination?
I want to go to the hotel.|Okay, you're all set! You will be picked up in a yellow BMW. The contact number is 07193150653. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|excellent, have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced chinese food restaurant?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Golden Wok comes highly recommended, would you like to book a table?
No, I'd just like the address and postcode please.|The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton, postcode CB43HL.
I also need a moderately priced guesthouse.|What side of town would you like to stay in? Any specific rating?
It's more important to me that it has free parking.|OK, can I recommend Archway House?  It is a 4 star moderate guesthouse located in the north part of town.
I need to book that for 3 people for 5 nights from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.|I have made your reservation for 5 days starting Tuesday for your party of 3. Your reference number is 9K38MMFD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would also like a taxi to take me between the restaurant and the guesthouse.|At what time would you like the taxi to meet you at golden wok?
I would like to leave the hotel by 10:00 Once booked, can you give me the contact number and type of car to look out for?|You will be looking for a Grey Honda & the contact number is 07887630209. Thank you!
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I get the address to the funky fun house?|What sort of place if the funky House?
Funky fun house is an indoor amusement attraction. I've heard it is a lot of fun. Do you have a phone number for it?|We have to change it to attratction
I'm sorry, I was thinking of another town. The restaurant, hotel, and taxi are all that I need for today. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy your day!
I am looking for a taxi to the Stevenage train station.|Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
It's important that I arrive no later than 23:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from frankie and bennys.|I have confirmed you booking for a taxi, a yellow ford will be picking you up.
Thanks! What is the contact number?|The number is 07629492399
Would you like help with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Have a safe trip!
I want the address to the Autumn House hotel in Cambridge.|Sure, the address is 710 newmarket road.
Please check to see if there any rooms available on Sunday for 5 nights.  I will need 7 rooms.|They were able to accommodate your party. Your reservation is made, reference number TD6A4S20.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat too?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a certain type of food you were looking for?
Never mind on a place to eat.  Can you help me find info on the Cambridge Temporary Art attraction?|The cambridge contemporary art attraction free and in the centre. The address is 6 trinity street, phone is 01223323222.
Thank you very much.|My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you?|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am interested in booking a taxi. I need to leave from Primavera and go to Christ's College by 07:15. I also need the contact number and car type.|It is a blue Tesla and the number is 07728790411. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you very much!|You're welcome! Have a great time!
Hello, I'm looking for an architecture place to go in the centre of town.|there are several architecture places you could go, all saints church,great saint mary's church,holy trinity church, and old schools, which one could you prefer?
Old Schools sounds cool - can I have their phone number?|You can contact Old Schools at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm looking for the gonville hotel.|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range in the centre would you like me to book it
No can I just get the hotel type and phone number please?|It is a normal hotel and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks. Can I also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the old school. I want to leave the hotel by 21:00.|The taxi has been reserved. Your taxi would be a black honda and you can contact it at 07973129543.
Thank you so much that's all i need.|Have a good trip at Cambridge. Goodbye!
I need a taxi to take me to Thanh Binh and I should arrive before 22:15.|Could you tell me where you would like to leave from?
I am leaving from the Shiraz restaurant. Can I get the car type and contact number please?|Sure! It is a black Toyota and the contact number is 07604345180
Thanks, that all I need today.|Thank you! If you need anymore help, feel free to contact us at any time. Have a great day!
I'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the centre. I'm treating myself so anything in the expensive range is perfect|What type of food would you like to try? I have many different places.
I'd like to be in the centre of town.  Surprise me with the type!  I need to book for 8 people on Wednesday 16:00.  Reference number please?|Booking at midsummer house restaurant was successful. They  serve british food, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4X5NDCA9.
I also need a place to stay. Cheap guesthouse will do.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located in the centre, rated 4 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation?
As long as it's cheap, then yes.|Okay, great!  How many will be staying, for how many nights, starting what day?
Hang on, I need to check on that.|Okay just let me know
Alright, I need rooms for the same group on the same day. We'll be staying for three nights.|OK, you're booked at the Alexander, reference #6HRQ154C. Can I help you with anything else today?
yeah, i need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant.|What time do you need to leave?
We'll need to get to the restaurant on time so we'll need to arrive by 16:00 to avoid losing our table. Be sure to provide contact number and car type.|Here's the information about your car: type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07274986037
Thank you. That is all I needed. You have been a wonderful help.|Thank you, and have a good day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.|There are 8 hotels that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse that includes free parking.|You would love the Allenbell guesthouse.  It meets your criteria.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.|Ok.  I was able to take care of that for you,  Your reference number is 5JNUY73K.
I am also looking for some places to go in the north. Any Recommendations?|Would you like to go boating? riverboat georgina is in the north
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address for there?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at 13:00 and take me to the boat attraction. Send me car type and contact number.|Your booking was completed. The car will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07010971496.
Thank you for the assistance. I believe we are finished.|Have a wonderful time.
I am looking for an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques.|I know the place! It's located in the centre and it's free of charge.
What is their postcode?|The post code for Williams Art and Antiques is cb12lj.
Thank you, I am also looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.|for when and how many in your party please?
For 7 people at 11:15 on Saturday, please.|I have 4 expensive restaurants in the centre, caffe uno is a good one. Would you like me to make reservations?
Caffe Uno will be fine. Yes, I'll need to reserve a table on Saturday. It will be at 11:15 for 7 people.|Ok, that booking was successful, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by 11:15|look out for a red volvo and the contact is 07479126194
Can I have a reference number for the restaurant?|The reference number for the restaurant is MXMOHDJ7.
I also need a taxi.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07479126194
Can you email or fax me the information for my personal reference? Thank you for your assistance.|Your restaurant Reference number is : MXMOHDJ7. And your taxi contact number is 07479126194. Do you have a number I should forward this information to?
Nevermind, I wrote the info down. I'll text it to everyone else, it'll be faster that way. Thanks for your help!|Glad I could help.  Have a nice day!
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|I have 14 expensive indian restaurants. What area were you looking for?
Centre is fine!|There are 6 restaurants that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book a reservation for you at the one with the highest rating?
Yes, make reservations for 4 people at 18:00 p.m. on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 78SLGY2S. anything else today?
book a table for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday and get me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : EOOAGZCF. anything else today?
can i book a taxi to arrive by my reservation time?|Yes. Where are you departing from?
Oh my, I got ahead of myself. First, I need a place to go in the east for a boat attraction. Can you help?|I have the camboats located in the east.
what is their phone number and address?|They are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.  Do you need any other information?
Their phone number would be super and then I need to book a taxi for getting to and from the camboats to the restaurant on time.|camboats' phone number is 01223902112
How about that taxi?|Okay I have booked your taxi. It will be a grey Skoda whose contact number is 07277217080.
Thank for your help! That's all I need today.|Glad to help, have an awesome weekend.
I am looking for a polish restaurant that is in the moderate price range.|Sorry, there are no polish restaurants in town. Perhaps you'd like to try a different type of food?
Could you find one that serves spanish food, instead?|Sure, we have la tasca, and la raza. Can I book one for you, if so for how many people and what date?
I will try la tasca. The booking is just for me on Monday at 15:30.|You have a table and it will be held for 15 minutes.  The reference number is 42Z6AY64. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need to find a place called Byard Art.|What type of place is that?
It's an attraction in town.  Can you find it by name?  I just need their phone number and the cost.|Sure!  The cost is free and their phone number is 01223464646.
Terrific!  I also need a taxi that will get me from Byard to my restaurant by the reservation time, please.|I was able to book a grey lexus phone number is 07863299997
That's awesome. Thanks. I think that will do it for today. Goodbye.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
I am planning a trip to see the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. What can you tell me about it?|Sure. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is one of the oldest social history museums in the UK and offers a various and unique collection of artifacts.
I would like their entrance fee and address please.|their address is 2-3 castle street and their entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Great, thanks!  Could you also help me find a modern European restaurant in the centre?|There are four places to choose from.  They range from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference on the price range?
I would prefer something in the moderate range.|de luca cucina and bar would fit your needs. they are located at 83 Regent Street, phone 01223356666, cb21aw. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes, make a reservation for Tuesday please|I'd be happy to! How many people and for what time would you like to dine?
3 people at 20:00 on teusday|Okay I will work on getting this done and get back to you.
Thank you. I will also need the reference number, please.|Your table has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : 0Z5IJB27. Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I will need a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to arrive by 20:00 on Tuesday. Can you book that for me?|Your taxi booking was successful. You will be picked up by a white audi. The contact number is 07915378958. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for your time today. I appreciate your help! Goodbye!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
Hello, are there any Indian restaurants in the city centre?|We have many of those, but they're either cheap or expensive - nothing in between. If price is not an issue, I recommend Saffron Brasserie.
ok book us fir 8 on friday at 15 15|Your reservation at the saffron brasserie for this friday at 15:15 for 8 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : Q3IFEX40.
I would also like to know about a fun place in the middle of town.|Is there a type of place you might prefer?
Nothing in particular, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.|The whipple museum of the history of science is fascinating and it is free! The address is free school lane. Do you need more information?
No thanks, but I do need a taxi. Would you be able to help?|Yes, will you need it to or from the museum?
From the restaurant to the museum.|What time would you like the taxi?
Sorry from the museum to the restaurant...I just need to be there in time for our reservation.|I have booked you a grey toyota taxi. The phone number to reach them is 07598086239.
Great, thanks so much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm all set, thank you.|Have a wonderful night and enjoy your trip.
Help me get a taxi to darrys cookhouse and wine shop|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to leave after 06:00|And what is your departure location?
I'll need to be picked up from Cambridge Contemporary Art.|OK, I have booked a grey volkswagen, contact number 07048771014. What else can I do for you?
That was everything, thanks!|You're welcome and thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything further please call us back.
Hello, could you tell me if Downing College is still operating?|Yes, Downing College is still operating in the centre.  They're located on regent street	, post code cb21dq.  You can visit them for free!  Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please?|The phone of Downing College is 01223334860. Do  you need a place to stay?
How did you know?! Yes I do! You must be a mind reader! I'd like to find 3-star lodgings, and I definitely DON'T want a guesthouse. Only a real hotel, please!|There are two that might suit you. The Gonville Hotel is in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel is in the south part of town. Do either of those sound good?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.|I have no hotels in the north that meet those specification.   May I try something else?
I just need a 3 star hotel in the north center.|There are no 3 star hotels in the North. You sure a guesthouse won't work?
Let's try the guesthouse, could you provide me with their telephone number?|The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223365664. Can I book a room for you there?
No, thank you. However, could you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|No problem.  What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave and 2:30 p.m and arrive at 3:23 p.m.|I have a taxi, a red skoda, booked for you. Your contact number is 07481840729. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.|You're all set with your booking with the taxi.  Would you like a restaurant in the area for you as well?
No, but you know what? We should probably have the car pick me up at the college at 2:15 p.m. instead.|Sure.  Please look for a yellow Ford.  The contact number is 07901807088 if you need it.  Is there anything else today?
Thank you very much. That's all.|You are welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a great day as well.  Goodbye.|Please let us know if we can do anything else for you.
I need a 3 star hotel in Cambridge, that offers a guesthouse, can you book it for me ?|Yes, hamilton lodge is located on 156 chesterton road.
If this guesthouse is available please book it for me.  By the way, what is the price per night?|I do not have the prices, what day would you like to stay, for how many nights, and how many people?
Before I book, is the guesthouse located in the south part of town and at what price range?|The hotel is found in the Northern part of town and it is in the moderate price range
Great can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting friday?|i have your room all reserved. The reference number is R1E3QVGT. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a barbeque restaurant in the same area and price range as my hotel.|Unfortunately, I could not find a barbecue restaurant using your criteria.  Is there another type of restaurant you would like to consider?
Yes, are there any modern european restaurants in that area?|There are no modern European restaurants in the North but there are 2 in the town center.  Do you want to book one or change type of restaurant.
I'd like to book one for the same group of people at 11:00 on the same day as before.|Neither of the restaurants in the centre are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 10:00 on the same day as before?|I was able to book restaurant alimentum reference number is HCY10A2Z
thank you for booking that and the reference number|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to book a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for the dinner reservation.|Ok, a grey honda will pick you up at the hamilton lodge in time to arrive at restaurant alimentum for your 10:00 reservations.  Taxi contact number is 07242149665. Anything else?
That is it for today. Thank you so much for your help. Good bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I need to find a place to stay with free parking and wifi. What can you find for me?|I have 33 of them, is there a certain are of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like one in the North please.|Please specify your price range and star rating of the hotel you're interested in.
I don't have a preference.|Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse type?
Either is fine. What's the address of your favorite?|The address of Acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you. Is it a hotel or guesthouse? I also need some kind of activity to pass the time.|As stated it is a guesthouse. What kind of activity would you like?
Any is fine. I just need it to be in the same area as the hotel.|Milton country park	is avaibale and free would you like that?
Yes that would be fine. Could you give me an address and the entrance fee?|The address is milton country park, milton, and it is a free attraction.
can i get a taxi to commute between the two places. i leave the hotel at 06.00, get me the contact number and car type please|I have booked a car from the acorn to country park for 06:00. It will be a white volvo contact number 07400057498. Anything else today/
No that was it. Thanks for your help!|So glad that I could assist. Please call again.
Ok. Good bye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a place to dine on crossover food. It should be in the centre|There are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Is there a different tyoe of food we can search for?
what about african food?|There is one called Bedouin.  Would you like a reservation?
I would, thanks. I need a table for 6 on Sunday, at 15:30.|Alright, I've got your booking taken care of and your reference number is 75CDS1UP.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, could you also give me some information about the aylesbray lodge guest house?|Yes, they are a moderately priced guesthouse in the south.  They are rated 4stars and include both internet and parking.
Would you be able to book one of those for me please?|I can, what are your arrival details?
The six of us will be arriving on Thursday.|okay and how long is your stay so I can book the room for you
I will need to stay 4 nights please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZF9U0U48.
I also need a taxi that arrives at he restaurant by the booked time.|How many people will be traveling?
It's just me. Is that necessary though?|I was able to book your taxi for you. It will get you to Bedouin by 15:30. Be expecting a blue Honda. Their number is 07893602795.
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day and keep up the great work. Goodbye|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure to assist you today. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Okay! What kind of place would you like to go?
I'm wanting to see the new Reese Witherspoon movie. Would they happen to have a cinema in that area?|Yes, this is the only cinema in the area vue cinema.
Could you tell me the postcode of that cinema?|Vue cineman is located in the centre of town. Their post code is cb11ps
Great!  I also want a restaurant in the same area, something expensive, please?|There are more than two dozen expensive restaurants in that area.  What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky. Whichever one you choose will be fine. I just need a phone number, address, and postcode please.|Alright It's called Bedouin it's an African cuisine. The information is the following; phone 01223367660, address 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd.
Can you reserve me a taxi? I need it to take me from the restaurant to the movies.|What movie theater would you like to go to?
Going to Vue cineman|Do you have a departure time ?
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:00.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi to the cinema. It's a black volkswagen
and the contact number is	:	07722633912
I need to buy a bus.|You need a bus as well as the taxi I already booked?
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant  by 11:00|Yes, I already booked that for you. As I said before, it's a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07722633912.
Thank you for booking the car for me.|Would there be anything else ?
That is all, enjoy the rest of your day.|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
Yes, I'm trying to plan a trip to Cambridge. Can you please tell me about things to do in town?|There are many things to do in town. Is there a particular area or type of attraction you are looking for?
Yes, I'd like to find something to do in the centre of town.|The Scott Polar Museum in on lensfield road and has free admission.  Does that interest you?
sound great. also looking for a place to stay near there.|There are several hotel and guesthouse options at different price levels in the centre area.  Is there any type in particular you're interested in?
I'm specifically looking for a hotel please.|Cityroomz offers moderately priced lodgings in the centre of town. Would you like a room?
That's fine.  I need it for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|I would be happy to make that booking for you.  For how many people?
Just me - I'm traveling solo.|I completely understand. I just booked the room for you. Your reference number is HGK7QE34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be departing from bangkok city.|When would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave but I need to arrive by 15:15.|Great. And your destination please?
The taxi should take me to hotel du vin and bistro.|Your booking is complete, a white ford will be arriving to pick you up.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please.|The vehicle is a white Ford and the contact number is 07362646740.
That's everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could book you.  Goodbye.
Can you locate any four star places to stay?|I have 21 hotels with the 4 star rating.  What area would you like to stay in?
Are there any with free wifi available?|Yes. What area of town could you like to stay in?
I would like for it to be in the Centre.|Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the Centre area, it is a 4 star guest house in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, I kind of was looking for something 4 star rated with free wifi but in the moderate price range if possible. Do you have anything like that?|i am sorry we dont have any like that.
Can you try a guesthouse?|I'm sorry, there are no 4 star places in the centre in the moderate price range. Is there something you'd like to change?
how about one that is in the type of guesthouse?|I am sorry another area perhaps?
Yeah, sorry. Any area is actually fine. I just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. Preferably a hotel, but guesthouse is ok if no hotels available.|alexander bed and breakfast is 4 star but it is in the cheap price range. Is that going to work for you?
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : HVGCSQR9. Anything else I can help with?
Yes please - I love interesting architecture. Is there anything interesting in the west?|There are no architectural attractions in the west. Would you prefer something else, or another area?
Can you chekc for colleges|There are five colleges in the west. I would suggest Churchill College. The entrance fee is free. Would like like the information for it?
Get me their phone number please|Yes, their phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you.Good bye.|Good bye?
Hello there.  I am traveling to Cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me find a good one?|I can definitely assist you.  Did you have a type of cuisine or price range in mind?
Something moderately priced.  I don't have a cuisine preference.|I have 31 moderately priced options available. Do you have a particular area you're interested in?
Yeah, preferably in the center of town.|There are 21 different options in the centre of town. If you are looking for a great recommendation, I suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. They serve amazing food.
Excellent that sounds great.  I'm also looking for something to do. Can you find me an attraction in the same area of The Cow Pizza Kitchen?|We have lots of attractions in the Centre. What type are you looking for?
any that you willrecomend. i also want a taxi|I recommend the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street.  Can you give me a day and time you need a taxi?  I can get one for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. I need to leave the attraction by 04:30.|I have the taxi reserved for you.  It will be a white Honda.  The contact number is 07053284393.  Can I help with anything else today?
Thats all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to stay, some place expensive and with a 2 star rating.|I found the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.  It offers free internet and parking and is very nice.
I need it to be in the east.|It is. would you like to make a reservation?
Sure, I would love that.|For what day and time could you like the reservation to be made?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need a reservation. But can you recommend an expensive modern european restaurant in cambridge?|in what area are you looking for?
in the east, book a table for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday.|I'm sorry there isn't an expensive modern european restaurant in the east. Would you like to try another area?
Yes please try the north area.|The only modern European restaurant is in the center of town.
Make a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday, a taxi to commute between the two places by the booked time. I need reference number, contact number and care type.|Ok, I have your table booked at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.  Your reference number is NX1LAVOG.  Your taxi will be a yellow Skoda, contact number 07967910816.
Thanks.  You've been very helpful.|Is there anything else you need from me?
No that will be all thank you so much.|You're most welcome. Have a good time.
Yes, I need information on the restaurant Ali Baba.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town. Their phone number is 01462432565.
Great, thanks. Could you book me a table for 1 on Saturday at 19:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 90ESSCNA. Anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you.|Thank you, have a good day!
Are there any museums in Cambridge?|There are about 23 different museums to choose from. To help narrow it down, do you have a part of town you prefer to visit?
I'd like information of cambridge museum of technology.  What is their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223368650. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I have their address?|The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range.|I found 110 restaurants. Please tell me what type of food you like to help narrow the search so i can best serve you.
I'm thinking british food. oh, and if it's in the west that'd be even better.|There is Saint Johns Chop House that meets your criteria, would you like me to book it?
Sounds great! I want to book a table for 7 people at 18:30 on wednesday.|Great your booking was successful and they will hold your table for 15mins your reservation number is O447NKTY. Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|I can do that! I just need your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I'd like to leave the museum in time to get to the restaurant on time.|Okay, you have a car that will come get you.  It will be a blue BMW.
What is their contact number?|The contact number is 07601724141. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's everything for me. Thanks. Bye!|You are welcome! Bye!
I would like to find a cheap indian restaurant to dine at.|There are 4 cheap Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer to go to a specific area of town?
Yes, I want to go in Cambridge and I will need the address, postcode, and area to find it.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your request.  Can you tell me what area of town you'd prefer?
I have no preference but I would like an attraction to visit in the city center.|I would recommend the Royal Spice restaurant in the north, on Victoria Ave in Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.  What area would you like your attraction to be located in?
I would prefer it to be in the centre. Could you give me the address and postcode?|Can I recommend kohinoor, it's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,and the postcode is cb12as.
What sort of attraction is Kohinoor?|I'm not sure, Kohinoor is not listed in my database.  Are you sure you spelled that correctly?
I need a taxi between the restaurant and the hotel .|what time would you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 6:30.|Just to double check ... you want a taxi at 6:30? In the morning?
Yes, I would like to leave by 6:30 in the morning please|I see that we haven't discussed hotel reservations. Before I book a taxi, can you tell me where you are staying? Or can I help you to make a reservation?
Sorry, I misspoke. I need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 06:30.|Ok we have a taxi booked between Kohinoor and Royal Spice, a red Toyota. Contact number is 07391598275
That's all that I need for now.  Thank you for your help.|Alright. Thank you for calling.
Have a great day now.|You, too. I hope you have a wonderful trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I'm headed off to college soon and want to check out one of the campuses while I'm in the area. Can you help me find one?|Definitely! What area of town are you planning to visit?
Area doesn't matter. I'll just need an entrance fee, phone number and postcode for any of them.|Well there are 18 different colleges that match your request. Unfortunately I need more information from you to do my job. Can you help by narrowing down the area?
Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend Trinity College. They're located in the centre of town at postcode cb21tq. You can reach them by phone at 01223338400 and they list a 1 pound entrance fee.
I also would like to find a restaurant serving British food that is expensive.|Would you like me to find a British restaurant in the same area as Trinity College?
Yes, that sounds good!|I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant, would you like me to book it for you?
That's alright, I just want to know the phone number and postcode please|Fitzbillies Restaurant has a phone number of 01223352500 and a postcode of cb21rg. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 11:30 and take me to the restaurant. Give me contact number and car type.|A grey toyota is booked for you. You can call 07178077198 to contact them. Will that be all for you?
That is all I need, thank you good bye!|You're welcome, have a safe trip.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is cheap|There are ten opitions, that meet your needs, do you have any other preferences?
I want it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking, please.|The belfry would suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
I need to get a reference number first. This booking is for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.|Your reference number is 23U2JK9A.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a restaurant.|What kind of food would you like?
I want a restaurant that serve belgian food|I do not see any restaurants with belgian cuisine. Would you like to try something else?
How about some cheap italian located in the north?|The Da Vinci Pizzeria matches those qualifications. Would you like a reservation or more information?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at 14:15.|Your reservation at Da Vinci Pizzeria has been made for a table for 7 at 14:15. They'll hold the table 15 minutes, and your reference number is P6I1DFWJ.
Could you also help me with a taxi between the hotel and restaurant?|I have booked you a taxithat will pick you all up 13:45. the car type is  grey skoda  and the contact number is 07001660178
Thank You for all your help.|Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that will be all, thank you.|It was a pleasure to help you today. Have a nice afternoon. Goodbye.
You may help me by finding a Muslim restaurant for me to eat at please.|I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any Muslim restaurant listings.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
can you book the backstreet bistro for me ?|sure when would you like to eat?
I'd like to book a table for two around 19:45 on wednesday.|I was able to book a table for two at the restaurant.  Your confirmation number is DI0KD8LZ.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks. Next can I get some info on theatre's in the centre?|I have four places there, what would you like to know?
Can you recommend one for me please?|ADC is a good place, what would you like to know?
Could you give me their address?|The address is park street. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would also like to know about any attractions that is in the centre of town that is a theatre type.|There is also Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Could I get the address for the Cambridge Arts Theatre?|The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. postcode cb23pj
Can you help me find a place to stay for my upcoming trip?  I am excited to see some of your local attractions.|Sure, in what area of town were you looking to stay in? What is your price range?
I'm not looking for a specific area but I would like it to be a 2 star and expensive please.|Okay, the express by holiday inn cambridge matches the criteria. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Does it have free parking|Yes it most certainly does.
Great. Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|I have booked that for you. Your confirmation number is WPKWG3R7.
Great. I am also looking for a particular attraction called Old Schools.|it is a type of architecture located in the centre of town
May I please get the address for Old Schools?|Old Schools are located on Trinity Lane. Can I book a taxi for you to visit this attraction?
Yes, actually. That would be very helpful. I want to leave the hotel by 11:00 to head over there.|I booked that for you and the contac number is 07901150688
Thank you that is all.|Thank you so much for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need something to do in canbridge in the centre that has lots to do with sports|I don't see anything located in the centre of town that has to do with sports. Is there another area I can look up for you?
how about a concerthall ?|There is the man on the moon at the concerthall in the centre, would you like the phone number?
yes please find me their address and phone number|The man on the moon concerthall is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf, phone number is 01223474144.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also need a german restaurant.|There are no german restaurants in cambridge.
wow! what about european food?|There are 11 European restaurants. Do you have a price range and area in mind?
I am looking for modern european food in the moderate price range. Any area is okay.|Since you are going to be in the centre of town already, how about de luca cucina and bar? It is moderately priced.
book that for 4 people at 15:15 on saturday|You booking has been confirmed, your reference number is DZZPYFOD. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also ned a taxi that goes from the concert hall to the restaurant, and arrives by the time of my reservation. Can you pleas help with that?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07017968837
Thank you!  That will be all today!|Thanks for using our service!
Hi. I'm looking for something to do. Are there any entertainment attractions in the South part of town?|There is a cinema, museum, park, theatre and nightclub.  Would you like information for any of these?
Could you please give me the postcode, address and entrance free of a museum?|Byard Art is a museum that has free admission. The address is 14 King's Parade and the postcode is cb21sj.
Thank you. I am also looking for a nice expensive hotel. It does not need internet. Can you help with that?|There are a total of 5 different places to stay that are expensive. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No, and it also does not need free parking.|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both 4-star rated hotels. Would you prefer the West or the Center area of town?
I will stay in the west area of town.|Ok, I will contact the Mariott and get you all set up.
Okay, I will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from Sunday.|Your booking has been completed! Here is your reference number VJUBQ1YN. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to take me between the Marriot and the museum.|I will need a departure time or an arrival time between the two locations.
Oh, sorry! I would like to leave the museum by 11:15.|You are all set for 11:15, the car will be a white audi and they can be reached at 07467849660
Thank you for all your help. I am all set now.|Ok, it was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am in center area and need a moderately priced restaurant please.|Yippee noodle bar on King Street meets your requirements if you want asian oriental cuisine.
Actually I'd like european food, please.|We have 4 options for you. Would you prefer european or modern european?
European, please. I want a table for 3 people at 13:45 on Saturday.|The galleria meets your needs.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, and can I get a reference number?|Unfortunately the Galleria does not have any openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try 12:45?|I was able to book a table for three at 12:45.
Can you give me the reference number for that please?|Yes, the reference number is MU055FG9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel. It should be moderately priced, include free wifi and be in the centre of town.|I have Cityroomz in the center that is moderately priced and offers free wifi. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me what type of hotel this is please?|It is a moderately priced hotel in the city's centre. No stars.
Can I get it's postcode?|It's located in Postcode CB12TZ. They can be reached at 01223304050 if you have more questions. Would you like to book a room?
No that's all the info I needed I need a taxi between the hotel and restaurant though to get me there by 12:45.|I was able to book a yellow audi. The contact number is 07525058220.
Okay, thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find a college to visit?|Does location matter?
Location is not important for me|I have 18 that match. Do you have any other preferences?
pick for me and I would need the area and postcode|clare hall is in the west and the postcode is cb3al. Can I help with anything else?
Actually, yes. I am really in the mood for good indian food. Could you help me find somewhere new to try?|We have a lot of indian places in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
I would like a moderately priced one on the east side.|Curry prince is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Address 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
what their postcode?|Their post code is cb58jj.  Is there in any other information your needed?
Yes, could I also have their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223566388. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no reservation please, I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Please tell about your departure and destination sites.
I need to leave clair hall by 24:45 going to curry prince. I also need the contact number and car type please.|A white volvo car will pick you up at clair hall at 24:45 and the contact number is 07113259690. May i further assist you today?
no thanks , that is all for today|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm wanting information about museums in the centre of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. A few are the regency gallery, the fitzwilliam museum, castle galleries, and primavera.
The fitzwilliam sounds good.  Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely, the fitzwilliam museum's phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a hotel that is cheap and includes free parking.|I found the Cambridge Belfry.  It is located in the west of town.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. That will be all.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, again, that is all, thank you.|Have a great day!
Yes, I'd like to know what there is to see in the center of town.|There are over 40 attractions in city centre. Do you have any ideas on what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Some type of fancy architecture would be neat.|all saints church has some stunning architecture and is located in the centre. It's also free to visit!
Great, I like free!  Can you give me the postcode and phone number to all saints church please?|Phone number is 01223452587 and postcode is cb58bs.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about J Restaurant?|Absolutely, its an Asian Oriental restaurant, listed as cheap price range, & located in the centre area.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, for 5 people at 13:00 on Tuesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EIYUL9L9.
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the church to get me to the restaurant for my reservation?|No problem.  I've arranged for a blue Ford to pick you up at All Saints in time to reach the restaurant at 1 pm. The number is 07245127340. Anything else?
No that will do it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at?|Definitely - Cambridge has many guesthouses. Is there a particular area or price range you had in mind?
I do not have a preference.|Do you have a price range?
I do not have a price range in mind.|Alexander bed and breakfast comes highly recommended.  It is located in the centre area and has a cheap price range, shall I book there for you?
Yes please for 2 nights starting from Sunday for 4 people. I will need a reference number.|Sure, I will work on booking that for you.
Did you get the reference number yet???|Your reservation for 4 at alexander bed and breakfast this Sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 1FDBJB3A.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. I'll need the postcode for the attraction.|There are many places in the centre of town. Do you have any further preferences or would you like me to recommend one?
No preference. You pick.|old schools is my favourite. can i give you the details?
Yes I need their postcode.|Old Schools postcode is cb21tt. Will there be anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?|What is your destination?
I need to leave the attraction by 15:15 and arrive at the hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	blue honda
Contact number	07444279931
Have a nice day.|Thanks you have a nice day as well.
Thank you very much.|Ok, I have booked you a yellow volvo, contact number 07291792842, is there anything else you need?
That is all I needed thank you for your time.|I'm sorry can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Can you help me book a taxi to lan hong house, please?|Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to get there by 7:00.|Ok, what is your departure site?
I'm departing from alexander bed and breakfast.|A black audi will be arriving to pick you up.  Their contact number is 07706975524.  Thank you!
Great, thank you!|Thank you is there anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks again.|You are more than welcome!
I'd like to find a French restaurant on the north side of town.|There is one french restaurant in the expensive price range called Restaurant two two, would you like a reservation?
Yes let's do one for 6 people at 16:00 on sunday.|They will hold your table for an extra 15 minutes for you.  Your reference number is 16ONTU2A. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need to find a guesthouse please, preferably one with 3 stars that is near the restaurant.|And on what day would you like to begin your stay?
I'll be starting my stay on sunday and it'll be 3 nights and 6 people|Do you need parking or wifi?
I don't need either.|Alpha-Milton guest house is the best choice. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. I already told you 2 turns ago what the specifics of my reservation are. Please complete it and give me the reference number|You are booked and your reference number is U9RGKUMM. Anything else?
Could you book a taxi between the two places?|I have completed the booking for you. The contact number is 07299510083 and your driver will be driving a white audi. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today! Thanks for all your help! Bye!|I'm glad to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 21 restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by type of food?
Yes, I would like to find something with south african food.|There are no restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves South African food. Would you like to try a different type or a different price range?
What about one in the centre of cambridge that serves spanish food?|There is La Tasca located at 14-16 bridge street. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday.|I'm sorry, but it looks like they have no openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes please try 12:00 with the reservation for 8 and once made, send me the reference number.|Ok. I have booked a table for 8 at 12:00. Your reference number is 797L5BG6. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have any specifications?
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|We have 32 places for such criteria. Do you have an area in mind?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 different options available to you. Is there a price range that you prefer to stay within?
I want the hotel to also be in the centre and moderate price.|okay then cityroomz is your only option. do you want me to book it for you?
Can they handle 8 people? And we'll need it for 3 nights starting the same day as the restaurant reservation.|Ok I have booked your reservation for 8 people on friday. Your reference number is LS1TUGN7. Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, I would also like  to book a taxi to the restaurant.|I have booked a taxi to take you to La Tasca for your reservation.
Can I get the contact number? And what type of car is it?|A blue toyota will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07880874608.  Just to confirm you wanted to arrive by 12:00, correct?
Yes that is correct. Thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else, thank you very much.|You are very welcome.
I need a taxi to take me to the hotel from the airport now, can you give me the number to call?|What specific time do you want to leave?
Never mind. I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It must be in the north and 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House is in the north and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Could I have their postcode and phone number?|The phone number for Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. The postal code is cb41da. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Yes I am looking for information on the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|The sesame restaurant and bar serves Chinese food, located in the centre area at Hills Road City Centre, postal code cb21nw17. You can contact them at this phone number, 01223358899.
I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the Restaurant at 15:45. Can I get the phone number and type of car?|A red volkswagen will take you from the acorn guest house to the sesame restaurant and bar. The contact number is 07193707133
Ok, great. Thank you very much for your help.|Do you need any further assistance today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|Outstanding. Have a good rest of your day!
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|What types of attractions are you interested in going to?
I don't know.  Can you make some suggestions?|There are many churches in the area to check out.
A church sounds great.  It doesn't matter what type church it is.  Will you pick one and send me the address including the postcode?|The address to all saints church is 	jesus lane.
Can you also find me a restaurant?|What type of food would you like?
Reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Saturday at the Ugly Duckling. Please provide reference number. Book a taxi to arrive before the booked time. Phone number and car type.|I have booked a table for 1300, for 3 people at the Ugly Duckling, reference #JBZ7ORDO. Where do you need the taxi to meet you?
At the church  going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of 13:00|I've arranged for the taxi to get you to the restaurant by 12:45. You'll be picked up in a Black Honda. The contact number is 07690050237.
Alright thank you very much.|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I would like help booking a taxi please. I will need the Taxi to pick me up at the Peterborough Train Station at 18:45|Okay, could you please tell me where you would like to travel to?
i would like travel to the good luck Chinese food takeaway. I also need the contact number for the taxi.|Taxi has been booked and it is a black bmw and the contact number is 07820748832.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all! Thanks.|You're welcome! Have a nice day!
Hi, I would like info about museums I could visit on the west side.|Sure, there are several. Most are free.  My favorite one with free admission is Kettle's Yard on Castle Street.  It is on the West side, is that area ok?
That one sounds great. Can you give the address and hours?|The address is castle street and the phone number is 01223748100.
Great, thanks!  I also need a place to stay, I'd prefer a guesthouse.|I found 24 guest houses for you. Any particular area you have in mind?
Yes please. The north side of town and only 4 star guesthouses please.|There are 8 guesthouses on the north side of town. May I suggest Acorn Guest House or Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Both are moderate price range with 4 stars. Which would you like?
The acorn please. can you book that?|Sure, how many days will you be staying and how many people in the room?
Actually, I'll hold off on booking for the moment, but could I also get information about a taxi.|Sure what would you like to know?
first of all does the guesthouse have free internet? That is important. First things first.|Yes it has free parking and internet.
Okay. I need a taxi between the hotel and the museum.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the museum by 16:00, please.|Ok to be clear what is your destination and your departure locations?
Don't you have access to my previous requests?  It would be from Kettle's Yard to the acorn guest house and I need to leave by 16:00.|Yes expect a red Ford to pick you up and his contact number will be 07816413809.
Sounds great! I think I have everything I need now. Thanks for all your help.|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I'm looking to find a place to stay in Cambridge, if you could help me?|Sure! I can help you with that. Are there any particular amenities you are looking for in a hotel?
I'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There is huntingdon marriot hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, do you want me to book you for one of them?
Can I get the phone numbers please?|Huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 	01480446000. University Arms Hotel's number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to eat that serves indian food and should be in the south|I have the Taj Tandoori that is in the expensive price range. This is the only option I have. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you.  This is all the information I need at this time.|Ok.  Have a nice day!
i am looking for attractions in the centre part of town.|There are lots of attractions in the centre! Do you have a specific type in mind?
Not really. Would you be able to recommend one?|All Saints Church has great architecture and is free.
Sounds great. Can I get their address and phone number please?|All Saints is on jesus lane, phone is 01223452587
I am also looking for an Indian restaurant in the same area.|There are several, do you have a particular price range in mind?
No. As long as its in the same area, please book me a table for 2 at 15:00 for monday.|Great!  How about the golden curry, expensive price range restaurant in city centre.  I have made reservations as requested. Your reference #aycp806a.  Will this work?
Yes, thanks! Can I also get a taxi from All Saints to the Golden Curry? I need to make sure I make it there by the reservation time.|You're all set!  You'll be picked up by a blue Volvo; the contact number is 07138116280.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.|Thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I need a taxi to pick me up at chiquito restaurant bar.|When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
Could I get the taxi by 22:30|What is your final destination?
I would like to go to queens' college and I want to leave the restaurant after 22:30.|Great - I have a white Audi picking you up at Chiquito at 22:30 and heading to Queens' College. The contact number is 07937348458. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.|Alright.  Glad we could help!
I'm all set.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Goodbye. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Can you tell me about Jesus college?|Certainly. Jesus College is in the Centre of town, on Jesus Lane, CB48BL. There is no entrance fee. Their number is 01223339485 if you'd like additional information. Anything else today?
No. that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|I have lots of options. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
I'm looking for somewhere moderately priced with wifi.|Which area of the city would you like to stay in?
The south. I'd like a 3 star place if you can find one.|Bridge Guest house is moderately priced and rated 3 stars.  It is in the South.  Would you like to book a room?
If it offers free Wifi, sure. I need a single for 3 nights starting Thursday.|Ok great, your room has been successfully booked.  Your reference number is X33X44F6.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a taxi to commute between the hotel and Jesus College?|Can you tell me at what time you will be needing taxi service, please?
Yes, I want to be picked up at the hotel no later than 11:00.|Your taxi was booked! The car type is yellow ford and the contact number is 07799391309.
Thanks so much. That was it for me for today. Have a good night. Bye.|Thank you for using Help Desk. Have a great day.
Can you provide information about Clare Hall?|it is a college situated in the west, do you need the address?
I just need the area it is located in and the phone number please.|It's located in the west and the phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range.|I have many restaurants. Is there a type of food you would enjoy?
I really love mexican. Do you have one that serves that?|unfortunately, i do not. are there other cuisines that you like?
okay, how about indian food.|Curry Garden is a nice indian restaurant in the Centre. Should I book you any tables?
That sounds nice, can I get their phone number please?|Sure, the phone number  is 01223302330.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
Can you also book a cab to get me to the restaurant in time for my reservation?|No, problem, I just need to know what time you wish to get there and where you'll be arriving from.
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:45. Going to Clare Hall.|Okay, you'll be picked by a black lexus. Their contact number is 07229815705
Wonderful, you made me excited for this trip now can't wait!,  That is everything, thank you.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I need help locating a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|There are 5 results. What area would you like?
I don't care which area, as long as I can make a reservation.|I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton, The restaurant's address is Jesus Lane Fen Ditton.
Please reserve a spot for me and two other friends (3 total) on Friday at 17:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1MYWH06H.
I'd also like a place to stay with free wifi in the west.|There are four places to pick from any other preferences?
How about a 4 star rating hotel?|Okay, I found two options for you:  The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry.  Do either of those interest you?
I would like it to be in the west.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a fine 4-star hotel in the west. How many rooms would you and your friends require and I'll make the reservation on your behalf.
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking and free internet. Would you like a reservation?
No, thank you. I would just like the hotel's phone number.|their phone number is 01480446000.
Great, thanks.  I'm also going to need to get a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for our reservation time.|I have you a taxi. A Yellow Ford. You can contact them at: 07153648167
Thank you very much today. That is all.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
I'm looking for a moderately priced steakhouse.|I'm sorry there are no moderate priced steakhouses, would you like to try another price range?
I'm sorry. Can you check the south and see if there is one?|I'm sorry there are still no matches. Would you like me to check for a different type of food?
Sure, are there any moderately priced Italain restaurants in the south?|Yes, I have a match. There is a Pizza Hut Cherry Hilton. Would you like the address and phone number?
I think I can find it.  Could you book a table for 8 on Friday for 16:45?|You're all set. Your reference number is UTUFXTA1.
Great! Thank you!|You're welcome they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Would you like anything else today?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same are.|I have eight attractions in that area.  What type of attraction would you prefer?
I don't have a preference can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend tenpin it is entertainment.
That sounds good can I get the postcode and phone number?|Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 08715501010.
I'll a taxi to get between the 2 places.|I can help with that.  What time do you want to depart?
it will be late at night around 22:00|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Toyota. Please call 07036604181 should you need to reach them.
Thank you so much, Have a great Day!|You're welcome! Likewise!
I'd like to find an attraction in the centre of town, please.|Of course! What type of attraction did you have in mind?
Do you have any swimming pools? I might want to go swimming.|Parkside swimming pool is in the cenre area.  Will that work for  you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can I get their address please?|The address is gonville place, phone number is 01223446100.  I'm not showing if there is an entrance fee.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
I also need to find a Guesthouse to stay in while visiting.|We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I would like free parking and free wifi.|That gives us about 21 options. Is there a price range you prefer so that we can narrow the choices down?
Not really. Please give me a recommendation|How about the Artchway House in the north? It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?|Success! Your reference number is PWUYRMWP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi, can you help me. I need to leave the hotel by 4:15.|A white Ford will pick you up at the hotel at 4:15 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07909004029. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nah, you've been a great help mate. Thanks a million.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
I'm looking for architecture in the centre of town. Can you help me with this?|Certainly. There are four churches and a school you could visit.
What is the entrance fee for the school?|For the school it is free.
Could I also get the phone number for the school?|the phone number for old schools is 01223332320
Can i get the post code too please?|Yes the postal code is cb21tt.
Ok, I'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. Maybe carribean?|We do not have any Caribbean options here, can I lookup another cuisine type or narrow it down by anything else?
Hmmm how about Italian then|There are 15 Italian restaurants in the city, could you give me a preferred location, so I can narrow the options down?
I just want a cheap italian place. Choose one you recommend for me. Then I need help reserving it.|I recommend dining at ask. How many people for your reservation, and what day and time?
6 on Thursday at 16:45 please|You are booked and your booking reference number is I3JNKDOD.
I will also need a taxi.|Okay, when and where are you going?
Old schools to the restaurant.|What time would you like the taxi?
I would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my 16:45 reservation.|Your all set, a yellow lexus will be picking you up in time for your reservation the contact number is 07323746090, is there anything else?
Thank you for your help today, I do not need anything else.|You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for an attraction called great saint mary's church.|great saint mary's church is at Market Square, their phone number is 01223350914, and their postcode is cb23pq. Do you need any more information?
Is there price for admission? what type of attraction is it?|It's the architecture type and there is a 2 pound entrance fee.
OK thank you.   I also need a place to dine that serves austrian and that is cheap.|Unfortunately there is not a cheap Austrian restaurant in the area, is there another type of food you would like?
What about Chinese food?|As for chinese food, I have 4 different restaurants. There are several in the centre of town and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
The one in the south will do. Could you give me their postcode and phone number please?|Sure, it's the lucky star Phone number is 01223244277, and postcode is cb17dy. Can I book a table for you?
I can book it myself, thanks. However, I will need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the lucky star.|I can help with that. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave the church by 24:30.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Nope, I just need to get there eventually! Please send me the contact number and car type when you get the chance, thanks!|The car type is a Black Lexus and you can contact the driver at 07315214015. Anything more today?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a taxi from thanh binh.|Great. I can help with that. What will your destination be?
Prezzo is my destination|Your booking is complete, a grey honda will pick you up.
Thats perfect that you for your help|Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for information on concert halls in the east. Can you give me any suggestions?|I'm afraid I didn't find any. Would you like to look in another area?
Yes an you check the south please?|unfortunately there isn't anything in that area either. would you like to try another location?
how about just entertainment instead?|I have two entertainment venues in the south.  I have Nusha and Tenpin.  Would you like their phone numbers?
could you please provide the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for each.|The tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The phone number is 08715501010 and the post cod is cb17dy.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi.|I have several guesthouses available. What area of town would you like?
Any area will do. Is there a cheap one that's 4 stars, with wifi?|We have several options that match your criteria across town. Before I recommend something, please tell me your budget range
I just need it to be cheap and available on Tuesday.|There are 7 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
can't you suggest one and book a room for 2 for 5 nights starting tues. please.|I booked you a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. The reference number is WA6812S5. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi from the attraction to the hotel, I want to leave the attraction by 06:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07479503082
Can i help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need to book a taxi to the Bridge Guest House please.|What time do you need to arrive by?
Arrival doesn't matter. I just need to leave after 19:15 from Ashley Hotel, and I want to go to Bridge Guest House.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from ashley hotel.|got it! your car type is a grey honda and the contact number is 07306489066
Thanks!  That's all I need.|No problem.  Happy to help.
I'm trying to see if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina|Unfortunately, I do not know if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, that's ok. I can find out later. But can you tell me what attraction type they are?|Riverboat georgina is a boat.
Can you tell me what area they are in and what their postcode is please?|They are in the north and their postcode is cb43ax
I bet I'll be hungry after visiting the Georgina so can you please find me a  chinese restaurant in the centre?|sure! i have 10 options for you in that area.
Thank you, the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|I have 4 listings that meet your criteria. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like more information on one of these?
Yes, give me the address and phone number to the ugly duckling plox|The ugly duckling is at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre, cb21tw. I'm afraid I don't have a phone.
Can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to riverboat? I want to leave the restaurant by 22:45.|I can book that taxi. I need the departure site, the arrival location and travel time.
I'd like to leave the restaurant by 22:45, please. I don't care about the arrival time.|Could you tell me where you would like to go after the ugly duckling?
I'm going to riverboat georgina.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a yellow Ford. The contact number is 07130797205. Can I be of further assistance, today?
No thank you. That is all.|Okay!  If there's anything else you need, please just call us back.  Goodbye.
I would like to book a taxi that should leave at 12:45 and depart from the Museum of Classical Archaeology.|I can do that for you.  Where would you like to be taken?
I'd like to be taken to the Kirkwood House.|Ok, you're taxi is booked.  A Grey Skoda will be picking you up at 12:45.  The contact number is 07655027973.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is all thank you good day.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge.  I was thinking about visiting a college.  Any suggestions?|Would you be interested in visiting Christ's college located in the city centre on Saint Andrew's Street?
That sounds great, I'll need the address and entrance fee information, please.|Certainly, Christ's College is free and located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you help me find the Limehouse hotel?|Sure can. It's a moderately priced, 4 star guest house at 78-80 milton road.
Does the hotel have free wi-fi?|Yes it does and parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you I just need their postcode and phone number please.|The post code is cb42je. The phone number is 01223300552.
that is all for now. thanks for your help.|Thanks for using this service. Have a nice day.
I need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town.|Sure, there are 2 of them.  I would recommend the Lovell Lodge at 365 Milton Road.  Can I book it for you?
Does it offer free parking?|Yes, and free wifi.
Perfect. I need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. We will be arriving on Saturday.|Your room is booked!  Please don't lose your reference number: XR73PKHC  Is there anything else I can help with?  Perhaps a restaurant reservation?
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. I'd like to eat hungarian food.|Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive Hungarian restaurants listed. Is there a different price range or food type that I can find for you?
How about british food then. expensive british food.|There are 6 great restaurants to choose from. Are you looking for a particular area of town?
No,but Im need British food for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day|Well I have many. Shall I choose one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.|I have booked you a reservation on saturday at the cambridge chop house. Your reservation number is 28XENSML. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.|Your booking is completed. Car type, yellow BMW and contact number 07980498702. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need today.|I hope you have a wonderful time.
wonderful time too|Great let us know if you need anything else. Bye!
Howdy, I was wondering if the alpha-milton guest house still does business?|The Alpha-Milton guest house still does business. It is located at 63 Milton Road in the North side of town.
I would like to stay at the alpha-Milton guest house.|When would you like to stay there and for how many nights?
I need it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on a Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IH9GBUZF is there anything else i can help you with today?
im also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre and tell me the food type|I have several cheap restaurants for you. Would you like to try a Chinese one?
That is fine. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|The Rice House is very good and close to the hotel. Do you want me to book it for you?
No I don't need the restaurant booked but I do need a taxi.|Ok, where will you be leaving from?
Leaving The Rice House to go to the hotel|And what time do you wish to arrive by?
i want to leave the restaurant by 02:15.|Booking completed! Lookout for a blue Toyota, contact number 07897851173. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help. Have a good day!|Have yourself a good day as well. Bye.
i want to book a taxi.|I can help with that! What time would you need the taxi, and where are you headed?
To clare college around 15:00, please|Where would you like to leave from?
From hamilton lodge. Can I get the car and contact number for that?|You taxi booking is a complete. A black Honda will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge by 15:00. Their contact number is 07421449332. Is there anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.|thank you for choosing us
Thanks again for the help. Have a great day.|Thank you, you too.
Hi, I am interested in finding attractions on the west side of town.|How about Magdalene College and Cafe Jello Gallery (13 Magdalene St), both free and on Magdalene St?
That's great. What time does each attraction open?|Sorry, I don't have that information. You can call them to find out. 01223332138 and 01223312112 are the phone numbers.
Can you tell me what type of attraction Cafe Jello Gallery is please?  I also want to find an indian restaurant.|Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a preferred price range or area?
Great thank you, I am also looking for an expensive Indian place to eat|I've got 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Is there a particular part of town you'd like to eat in?
I would prefer to eat in the same area as Cafe Jello Gallery.|Okay, how about the Tandoori Palace?  It's in the same area.
Sounds great! Could I book a reservation for 6 people at 13:30 on wednesday?|I'm sorry, but you'll have to book at another time slot. What other time slot would you like to book at?
Let's try 12:30 then.|No problem.  Your table is booked at 12:30 on Wednesday.
What is the reference number for the reservation?|Your reference number is SRC2I813, your table will be held for 15 mins.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  I need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant.|Could you please tell me what time you want to leave or what time you want to arrive so I can book the taxi for you?
I will need to arrive at Tandoori Palace by 12:30 please.|I have confirmed your booking a white audi will be picking you up.  Their contact number is 07621830686.  Do you need help with anything else?
.
No, I think that's everything.  Thank you so much.|Okay great. Glad i could be of help.
I need an expensive place to stay.|There are several options. Which part of town would you like?
Please look in the centre of town.|What star rating would you like?
I don't have a star rating preference but it needs to have free wifi.|I have Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes can you please book four nights starting thursday|I will be happy to book a room for you for four nights starting Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need you to make that reservation and provide a reference number.|And how many people do you need the reservation for?
Actually I changed my mind just 2 nights for 5 people|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UJUMJ5OS. Anything else you need?
Yes, I need the postcode for Bangkok city restaurant please.|The postcode is cb23jx. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No, thanks, but I will be needing a taxi.|I can book a taxi I just need the following information the travel time, departure site and the arrival destination.
Nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. I should leave by 2:15.|I have booked you a taxi at 2:15. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572703155. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of multiple sports and is located in the centre.|I'm sorry. There is no multiple sports attraction in the center of town.
No problem, are there any college places?|christ's college is in the centre, as are many other college's in fact.
Please pick one, and tell me the entrance fee and post code.|Emmanuel college is free to visit and the postal code is cb23ap.
I also need a moderate place to stay, with free parking.|There are 4 places to stay in the Centre area two are guesthouses and two are hotels. Do you have a type preference or price range?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel, that has a 4 star rating.|I'm afraid we don't have any like that in the center. There's a cheap 4-star guesthouse and an expensive 4-star hotel. Would either of those work for you?
Does it have free wifi at least?|They both have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Book it!  Need 3 people for 5 nights starting Friday.  Thank you.|I booked 3 nights for 5 people at university arms hotel beginning friday.  They are located at regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
Awesome! Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome. Will you need a taxi to the hotel?
Yes please. I want to leave the attraction no later than 22:45.|Booking completed! Look for a black toyota at 22:45. Contact number	:	07067597569
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can help again.
Bye, take care|Goodbye! Have a great stay in Cambridge!
Can you tell me more about gourmet burger kitchen? Where is it?|They are in the towns centre. Expensive but worth every penny. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, a table for 6 people at 13:15 on Tuesday would be amazing.|I have that table reserved. Your reference number is K94DWSQN. Can I help you with a taxi or hotel room?
What can you tell me about attractions in the south part of town?|We have 8 attractions in the south part of town. Do you have a preference of type?
no, not really.  What are entrance fees on the 8 attractions?|Unfortunately, we do not have information on several of them. But, Byard Art, Wandlebury Country Park, and Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park are all free admission attractions.
How about the postcode and attraction type for Byard Art?|Postcode, cb21sj, and the type is museum. Is there anything else I may help you with?
I need a taxi from Byard Art that will get us to the restaurant on time.|I have booked you a taxi that will get you there by 13:15. The car type is a blue Tesla and the contact number 07664553144. Can I do anything else?
No, that's all I need for now. you've been very helpful. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, I'm all done here.|Enjoy yourself.You can call us if you need anything else
Are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?|There are many things to visit including museums, theaters, colleges, nightclubs, parks, swimming pools, cinema, boating, concert halls, and architecture attractions.
Recommend a swimming pool for me please.|I have parkside pools in the centre of town on gonville place postbcode cb11ly.
What's their phone number, and how much does it cost to get in?|01223446100. I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes. I need a place to stay. Free parking and free wifi are important to me|Great, I have several options for you. Do you want a hotel in a particular part of town?
No but it needs to be in the moderate price range.|What about acorn house? It is a lovely guesthouse.
I would rather have a hotel. I need it for 8 people for 3 nights. Is there anything available?|I have two hotels on the north side that fit your criteria.  I would suggest Ashley Hotel.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
The Ashley Hotel sounds great. Can you reserve a room on Thursday for 8 people, 3 nights please?|I will reserve it for you.
Ok, thanks for that. What's the reference number?|Your reference number is 739P7NDS. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes please, I'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel.  I'd like to leave the pool by 05:15.|I have booked a taxi from Parkside pools to ashley hotel at 5:15.  The contact number 0735652974. Do you need anything else?
What kind of car is the taxi?|It's a grey BMW.
Thanks!  That's all I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Goodbye
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in Cambridge in the west.|Wonderful, may I suggest prezzo? They are a well~known establishment and is moderately priced.
Ok sounds Great I want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 16:15 and i would like the reference number|Sure. Your reference number is 4GSTQC42 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be expensive and in the same area as the restaurant.|The only expensive place in the west is the Huntingdon Marriott. Would you like a room there?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?|Yes they do have both.
Perfect. Can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 4 nights, and we'd like to check in the same day, too.|The booking wasn't successful. Can you do another day or a shorter stay?
Sure. Let's try just one night then.|I was able to successfully book you for 1 night. Your reference number is BWXLI8K3. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel.|What time would you like the leave the first place?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time|I have you in a Blue Honda, the number to contact the is 07758846096. May I help you with any thing else?
Actually, that was all I needed. Thanks so much. Goodbye.|No problem. Please have a pleasant trip.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating in the north.|I have two guesthouses that are moderately priced in that area with 3 stars. Would you like to book one of them?
That will be fine. I have a party of 2 adults and 3 children ages 4,5, and 6.|I would suggest the Hamilton Lodge if you have children.  When will you be arriving and how long will your stay be?
I'll be arriving on a Saturday and staying for 5 days.|Your booking was successful here is your reference number, 16MQQFCD.
Sorry about that, I don't need a booking. Could you just give me the price range, postcode, and address instead? Sorry for the confusion|Certainly, the price is moderate. The postcode is cb41da and the address is 156 chesterton road. Anything else today?
Yeah, can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the north?|I have found two that meet your requirements, Golden Wok serves Chinese food and The Nirala serves Indian food. Would you like me to book one for you?
The Golden Wok sounds good. Can I get reservations at 17:45?|I can certainly book that for you. I just need to know for what day and how many people are in your party?
It will just be one in the party. But I want to make sure I am out of the restaurant by 17:45 so can you make my reservation earlier?|I made that reservation for Saturday at 17:45. Your reference number is ZCM3EBE1. Remember the table will be held for 15 minutes only.
I also need a taxi leaving the restaurant at 17:45.|What will your destination be in the taxi?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and arrive to the restaurant by 17:45.|I have booked you with a blue bmw. The phone to reach them is 07067332345. Is there anything else I can help with today?
that is it thanks for your help|It was my pleasure. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I need a taxi to take me to finches bed and breakfast|Sure! What is your departure site?
I'm departing from aylesbray lodge guest house.|Okay, when do you want to leave?
Anytime after 11:45 will be fine.|Your booking is now complete.
Can I have the car type and contact information?|I have a red bmw with contact number 07394368470.
Perfect, that's all that I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a nice visit to Cambridge!
I need help finding a 4 star hotel|I have several listed is there a particular area you would like?
no, but I need free parking and wifi.|I have 19 hotels in Cambridge that fit those requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
nah, I just need it for 4 nights starting from wednesday. maybe look at moderately priced hotels?|How many of you will be staying there?
1 person, plese.|I have you booked at the Acorns Guesthouse the reference number is QQ2N4M7W. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a jamaican restaurant that is moderately priced.|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that fit that criteria.
Is there one in the centre of town maybe?|Sorry to tell you this but we actually have no Jamaican restaurants in cambridge. Maybe you would prefer another type of food
Are there any Spanish restaurants available?|There are two spanish restaurants. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. I would like its address and postal code.|La Tasca is at 14 - 16 Bridge Street, CB21UF. La Raza is at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, CB23LL. Would you like a reservation at one of them?
La Tasca sounds interesting, can you book a table for my group at 12:30?|How many people are in your group?
I'm sorry, I forgot some of my friends couldn't make it.  It will just be myself, and I need the reservation for Wednesday.|Okay, you're all set with a reservation at La Tasca on Wednesday at 12:30! The reference number is F8VGULKB.
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would want to be able to arrive to the restaurant by the time booked, 12:30!|O booked you at 12:15 to give you extra time, look for a red tesla, they cbr at 	07079296786, any other questions?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|Goodbye and thank you for using our service!
I am looking for regency gallery.  Can you tell me where it is located?|The regency galllery address is 39 fitzroy street in the centre area.
Okay, what kind of place is it?|It is a museum. Would you like the phone number?
Maybe. Unless you can just tell me what the entrance fee is and then I won't need it?|Fortunately, it is free entry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like a place to stay, too, please.|I'm happy to help. Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I'd like a room in the north please|There are 13 different places to stay, do you have a preference on price or amenities?
I would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|Unfortunately, I can't find any openings for those nights in the north. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No. Is there availability for 1 night?|You're in luck. I've got a room available for saturday at the acorn guest house for 6 people. It's booked, your reference # is 3IX7EGRG.
Okay. Can you book me a taxi as well? I want to leave the hotel by 04:00.|Where would you like to go?
I'd like to commute between the two places.|Ok I booked you a taxi to leave the acorn guest house at 4:00. The car will be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07424241550.
Wonderful, you've been very helpful! That's all I need for today, thank you!|Great, thanks for using our service. have a great day.
I need a boat trip in the east please.|I have one place. What would you like to know about it?
Yes, please tell me about it. I would like to know the postcode and area for it?|It is located in the east area and the postcode is cb58sx. The name of the place is Camboats.
Perfect. I'm looking for a Thai place to eat, too. Can you help?|There is sala thong in the west of town and bangkok city located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, Bangkok City. What is the price range, address and phone number?|24 Green Street City Centre. It is an expensive place.
Could you also give me the phone number?|The phone number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm sorry, but I actually need an architecture attraction, not boats. Can you give me the postcode and area for the best one in town?|I'm sorry we don't have any architectural attractions in the east.  Perhaps another area?
Could you look for an architectural attract in other parts of the city then?|All architecture attractions are located in the centre of town. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please do and I need the postcode and area.|I recommend great saint Mary's church. it is in the center. postcode is cb23pq.
Can I also book a taxi to leave the restaurant at 12:45?|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm going from the restaurant to the architecture.|It will be a yellow bmw picking you up. Their contact number is 07385615231. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I want to book a taxi to pick me up Travellers Rest to take me to Finches Bed and Breakfast.|Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive at the restaurant no later than ten o'clock a.m.|I have confirmed a taxi booking for you, a red tesla will be picking you up.
Ok great, can I have the contact number?|Sure its 07915006170. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. Great service. Goodbye.|Please contact us again if there's anything else you need during your stay.
I'm looking for a hotel called avalon.|Ok I have found the hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Great, yes please.  There will be 7 of us arriving on Wednesday.  We'd like to stay for 4 nights.|You reservation was booked.  The reference number is KB5QHVIU.  Do you need help with anything else?
I am looking for an indian restaurant.  I want this to be a special experience so expensive is preferred.|I have expensive Indian restaurants in almost every area of town. Where would you like to dine?
Any area of town is fine. I need to make my reservation for Tuesday so hopefully something is available.|How many people will be attending?
There will be 4 people attending.|And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to dine around 18:30 if that's possible.|I can book the curry garden in the centre area, is that ok?
Yes, please book. May I have the reference number?|You are booked for Tuesday at 18:30 for 4 people at Curry garden.  The Reference number is 99h18L81. Is there anything else i can do for you?
i also want to use a taxi|Ok, what what you like a taxi for?
To commute between the two places.|Sure! And what time preference do you have?
I need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant please. Could I get the contact number and car type please?|How man passengers?
I will be with 4 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I asked for a taxi please. I need to arrive at the restaurant by my booked time.|I can not book without a departure site. Which hotel are you departing from?  You currently do not have one book and have not mention one.
Please book me a taxi to take me from Aylesbray Lodge Guest House to the London Liverpool Street Train Station.|What time do you want to leave by?
I need to get there by 1:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07852042631
It would be great if you could help me reserve a taxi|Absolutely! When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 16:00.|Where are you departing from?
I'm at Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.|I'd love to help! Where is the destination?
I will be going to lynne strover gallery.|Booking is confirmed. A white volvo will be picking you up, their contact number is 07937377256. Anything else I can help with?
No you've done it all for me. Thanks!|We are happy to help.  Thank you for using our services.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.|Sure, there are plenty of places.  Would you like a particular kind of attraction?
What do you recommend?|We don't have an entertainment type attraction in town centre, maybe something else?
How about a college?|i have 15 colleges in the centre of town. did you want to pay admission or would you like to enter free?
Either is fine, can you suggest one for me to visit?|I would suggest christ's college.
Could I have the address please?|christ's college is nice their address is saint andrews street and it's free to get in
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a moderate price.|Which area are you looking for?
The area does not matter.|Okay how about the acorn guest house in the north?
I actually prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.|We have two moderately priced hotels in the city: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, both offering internet and parking. Would you like to book in either hotel?
Yes, please book the Ashley Hotel. I need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Friday.|Okay, I've got that booked for you.  Your reference number is 64QSFKBM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a taxi to take me from Christ's College to the restaurant.|What time will you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave Christ College by 15:15.|look out for a white honda. the contact is 07153999224
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.|thanks for using our service and have a great day
You have a great day too|Thanks. And if anything more comes up that you'd like help with or information about, don't hesitate to reach out again! Goodbye.
Hello, I would like some information on a hotel called The Bridge guest house, please.|It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse located in the south. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday for 3 nights. I will need the reference number too. Thanks.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is:  OUF2UF6C.
Thank you. I also need to find entertainment in the south. What is available?|There are two leisure parks in that area, if you are interested in those.  Otherwise if you had something more specific in mind I'd be more than willing to check.
That would be great. I need the phone number, address and entrance fee.|Tenpin can be reached at the number 08715501010. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, and entrance fee is unlisted
Okay, now I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to Tenpin. I want to leave at 07:30. Please send the car type and contact number|I have you booked into a taxi, you can call them at 07622933733.
I will need to know the car type.|The car that will be arriving is a grey bmw.
Thanks. Well, I guess that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|No problem, thanks for letting us help you plan your trip. Have a great time!
I want to book a taxi after 14:00 and would like to the rice house.|Certainly we can arrange that - where should they pick you up?
I will be at Cityroomz.|I've booked you a grey Audi, the contact number is 07702787736.
Thank you that is all I need|If that is all, you're welcome. Goodbye.
I will be visiting Cambridge and I need a list of the main attractions in the south.|I have 8 entries for entertainment in the south.   Do you have a particular type that you are looking for?
I don't have a particular type.  What would you recommend?|In my opinion, out of the options I think the theatre we have in the south would be my choice. It's called the Junction. Would you like more info?
What is their address?|They are located on Clifton Way. Is there anything I may help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a 2 star guesthouse to stay at.|Okay, how about the ashley hotel that is in the moderate price range?
Is it a 2 star or better?|Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel. Would you like to me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the post code.|The post code is cb41er.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to take me from the Junction to the Ashley Hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 21:15.|I booked the taxi for you. It's a black Honda and the contact number is 07690147877. Will that be all?
.
Yes. Thank you.|Thank you for using are services and have a great day.
I am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. What is available?|I have 9 restaurants in the west that are upscale. Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine? There is british, european, indian and thai to choose from.
How about some Thai food?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west end. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. Can reserve for 6 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?|So sorry, that was unsuccessful.  Would another day or time work?
Could we try for 14:00 instead?|Congratulations! That was successful Your reference number is OP06YQUU.
Alright, awesome! Could you also try to find a specific college I'm looking for? It's called Saint John's College.|Saint John's College is a College located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338600. Do you need any other information?
Can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by 14:00? Please include the contact number and car type.|I'm happy to say I've successfully completed your booking! The vehicle will be a blue Tesla. Their contact number is 07945015073. How else may I assist you?
I want to make sure that it will be arriving by 14:00. Can you confirm?|Yes that it correct.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
i am new here. i need a place to stay with free wifi|Okay! What price range are you looking for?
cheaper the better free wifi too|I have 10 locations with free wifi in the cheap price range. Do you have a particular area in mind?
No particular area, whatever you suggest.|Okay well I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in their center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book 2 nights for 5 people, starting on Saturday.|I have booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people.  The reference number is UCIOWNWV.  Anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye!|Have a great day!
I need a taxi to come to curry garden and take me to nandos.|Okay! What time do you need it for?
I need to arrive by 04:45|I have booked you a white volvo, contact number is 07985113779. Is there anything else?
That is all I need today thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Good bye.|Have a wonderful day! It was a pleasure to serve you.
Hi, I'm looking to book the Hamilton Lodge in Cambridge|When would you like to book a room at Hamilton Lodge? How many guests will there be?
I want a room on Sunday for 2 people.|For how many days?
Five days. Does the room have internet? Also, what is the hotel type?|This is a guesthouse, is that okay?
Yes,that's okay. Please get me their phone number. Also, find out if they have internet or not|Phone number is 01223365664 and yes it has internet.
Great! I also need a college to go see in the centre. I need the phone number and entrance fee to one you recommend.|Gonville and caius college is great to visit. They are free to visit and their number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help with?
Oh great. Can I also get you to book me a taxi from the college to my hotel? I want to leave by 22:30.|Booked car type is black lexus. Contact number is 07352412792. Anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|Thanks for using our service today have a great day.
Hi!  I'm looking for some entertainment in town, no particular type, I just want to get out!|How about whipple museum of the history of science? It's a museum!
Sounds great! Is there an entrance fee?|No, the entrance is free. Can I book you a spot?
No, but you could tell me the area.|The Whipple Museum is in the centre.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for one that is cheap and in the East. Any cuisine.|The only cheap place in the east is The Missing Sock. They serve some great international cuisine at an affordable price! Would you like to book a table?
Great can I book that for 8 people at 11:00 on saturday?|I'm sorry, that reservation is not available.  Can you book a different day or different time slot?
Yes, can you try for 10:00 instead? I will need a reference number as well.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is XB60V9YZ.
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the museum to The Missing Sock in time for my reservation?|Your taxi is booked! It is a black skoda and the contact number is 07979438404. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Have a great day!|You're welcome. Have a great day as well!
Got any fish and chip shops on the westside?|There doesn't seem to be any seafood restaurants in the west. Would another area work for you?
I meant british food with that.|There are three restaurants in the westside that serve british food.  Do you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I want one in the expensive range.|Travellers Rest is located on Huntingdon Road. Would you like reservations?
yes for 7 at 17:15 on wednesday, I'll need the reference number then too please|I have a table booked for 7 people at 17:15 on Wednesday, your reference number is 4WRE7J72.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay|I'd be happy to help. I am showing 33 hotels. Perhaps we can narrow it down a bit. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Any area of town would be fine. I am looking for a guesthouse in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses in our listings, are you willing to consider other price ranges?
how about one that is in the type of hotel.?|I have the university arms hotel located in the centre.
That will work.  Can I book that for 7 people on Wednesday? We will be there for 2 nights.|Sure I got your reservation and your reference number is 09B5QSH5.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to travel between the two places.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to be at restaurant by 17:15|A grey volvo with pick you up and the contact number is 07701301770. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
could you give me information about the cherry hinton village centre.|Yes, it is a multiple sports venue located in the east part of town, post code cb19ej.  The address is Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Thank you so much.|Your welcome.  Is there anything else I can look up for you?
What is it's phone number? Also are there any expensive British restaurants in town?|Their phone number is 01223576412. What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't have a preference of area as long as it's an expensive restaurant.|There are a number of expensive british places in town. On the east side, there is the grafton hotel restaurant. Would you like to make a booking there?
Sounds good!  I need a table for just myself at 11:30 on monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 3SOJSHQN.
Thank you that is all I needed.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
Please book me a taxi to arrive by 12:45 to the city stop restaurant.|And where are you departing from please.
I'll be departing from jinling noodle bar|That's great, thank you, have a nice day.
Ok I need to book this taxi and I need the contact number and car type please.|A grey Audi is booked to come pick you up.
contact number please !|Certainly, the contact number is 07809487521. Is there anything else?
That should cover it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|OK. I apologize for not getting the contact number for you the first time you asked. I hope you have a great day.
Can you tell me some colleges that I could go to in town?|Sure, what specific area of town are you interested in?
I'm looking on the east side of town.|I am sorry, but I have not found any colleges in the specific area you requested.
Ok, how about a museum in the east?|Okay. There are four museums in that area. I recommend the Cambridge Artworks. It is free admission.
That sounds nice can I please get a postcode, entrance fee, and phone number.|The phone number is 0122390268, postcode is cb13ef and there is no fee. May I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant called The Copper Kettle.|Okay, The Copper Kettle is located on 4 Kings Parade in the city centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need reservations for 2 people at 13:30 on saturday.|Sure! Booking was successful and your reference number is PMI1IGTJ.
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Your taxi is booked! You will be picked up in a black tesla and their contact number is 07542406962. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you no that will be all!|Have a nice day.
Are there any theatres nearby?|There are 4 theater's in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information on any of them?
Could you please recommend one and give me the phone number?|I recommend the mumford theatre in the centre. Their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a guesthouse to say in. Preferably a 0 star one.|city centre north b and b is a zero star guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
I'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? I actually need a guesthouse in the south with free parking.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses in the south with zero stars and free parking. There is a 3-star guesthouse called bridge guest house. Are you interested?
No let's try looking in the north instead|City centre north b and b is in the north area and has free parking. Would like reservations?
Yes, please 5 people for 5 nights on Saturday.|Have you booked, 9L1SUXC3 is your confirmation. Anything else?
Just a taxi leaving the theatre by 10:45 and going to the hotel.|Your ride will be there at 10:45. They will be in a black Audi and their number is 07262280207.
Can I get a shuttle back to the airport?|A shuttle? We don't provide those, we do have trains however.
I mean I would love to have a taxi|I've already booked you a taxi - the information is above. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks, and goodbye!|Alright, glad to be of service. Bye!
I need some help finding an attraction. I have the name here.|Sure, what is the name you are looking for?
The place is called peoples portraits exhibition at Girton College.  Could I get the area, postcode, and address for this?|It is in the West. Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Postcode cb3ojg. Do you need anything else?
What can you tell me about this hotel, the bridge guest house?|It is a located in the south area of town.  It's a 3 star guesthouse with free internet and parking located at 151 Hills Road.
Sounds good I want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from friday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the center of town.|We have several Chinese restaurants in that area.  What price range were you looking for?
I want something cheap.|May I suggest Golden House? It sounds like what you are looking for. Shall I provide more information?
Yes, can you give me the address, phone, and postcode.|Sure! 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. The phone number is 01842753771.
Oh goodness. My mistake. I was supposed to be going to the south part of town. Can you see if you have any cheap chinese restaurants in that area?|No problem. Yes there is one the lucky star.
Can I have the address, postcode, and number for that restaurant as well?|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. 01223244277. Is there anything else?
I also need the number to an attraction called Cambridge contemporary art please.|The number to the Cambridge contemporary art museum is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi|What are your departure and destination sites? when would you like to leave or arrive?
I need a taxi leaving the attraction by 23:45, heading to the restaurant.|I have booked the taxi. A yellow Audi will be picking you up. Please call 07623682375 should you need to reach them.
Thank you! That will be all for today!|I'm glad I could help.
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free parking.|I have several guesthouses that offer free parking.  Is there a particular price range you are interested in? What area of town are you interested in staying?
Yes, I would like an expensive guesthouse please! The area does not matter.|There are no expensive guesthouses in the area.  Would you like a moderately priced guesthouse?
I want a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|Acorn Guest House as a 4 star rating and in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this one?
I guess. I'll need a room for 8 people, for two nights starting on wednesday.|I was able to book your party of 8 into Acorn Guest House on Wednesday for 2 nights, Reference: tgma40ey. Can I help more today?
I am also looking for some international food.|There are three restaurants that serve international food, are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
Do you have any in the East?|We have one and it's called The Missing Sock. Would you like a booking.
Yes, please book at 18:45 on the same day, Wednesday, for the same number of people, eight.|ok thank you i will send you the booking receipt as soon welcome
Hi, I'm looking for some kind of entertainment in Cambridge?|Ok! Whale of a time is located at Unit 8 Viking Way Bar Hill on the west side of town. Phone is 01954781018.
Great, thanks! Do I have any other entertainment options?|Yes, there is everything from parks to nightclubs.  Several colleges and museums.  Holy Trinity Church is a great architectural attraction.
The whale of time sounds great. I also need a place to stay that has free internet and in the west.|Okay, I have 4 options available. Is there a price range or star rating you'd prefer?
A 4 star rating please.|There are 3 options, any preference on pricing?
I would like the moderate price range.|I'm afraid there is nothing along those lines available.  Can I change your search criteria a bit?
Can you try looking in the north?|How about the avalon it's a 4 star moderately priced hotel in the north.
Perfect. I need 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. Could I have the reference number after booking?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BVCGE59G. anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from whale of a time. I need it to leave by 06:00|I have booked a white volvo for you with Contact number: 07201581539.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks, that's all I needed.  Have a good day.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Yes I need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any hotels that match your requests. Would you like to try a different area?
It can be any type, not just a hotel. I also need free wifi.|I am sorry but there are no matching at all in the North.  I suggest trying another area of town.
Can you check again? Maybe check a guesthouse?|Yes we do have a guesthouse called avalon that meets your needs.  Were you looking to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for for 4 people starting monday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YEBKK7SD. anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking to eat at the Gardenia.|Okay. I can book you a reservation. How many people will be dining and at what time?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 12:15 on the same day.|Success in booking!! The instructions say that the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is DEY84BTQ. Is there anything else in which I may assist you?
That's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the help!|You're very welcome! Have a fantastic day!
I need a taxi from london kings cross train station to the gonville hotel.|Tell the customer what time the train departs from London kings cross train, and possible arrival time to gonville hotel.
Um what? I need to arrive by 23:00. Can you help or not?|I'm sorry about that.  I have booked you a black audi arriving at the hotel by 23:00.  The contact number is 07582132009.
That's okay, thanks so much for your help. Have a good day now, bye!|You are welcome.  Bye.
Yes, I am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving catalan food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants that fit your needs, would another food type work for you?
How about a restaurant that serves British food?|There are 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to book a table with one of them?
Can you recommend a good one for me? I'll need the address and postcode.|The Oak Bistro is my favorite. They are located at 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. I would like to go to a museum in the Centre of town. If price is no object, what's the best one?|There are quite a few museums in the centre of town, would you be interested in the Primavera or Cambridge Contemporary Art? If not there are others i can suggest.
The Primavera sounds good.  Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode?|The Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade, postcode cb21sj. The phone no. is 01223357708. Admission is free! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the Primavera to Oak Bistro. Can you make sure I leave the Primavera no later than 17:00?|Okay, I have booked a taxi for you departing from Primavera at 16:45. The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07439377051.
Wonderful, that is everything I needed. Thank You!|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm just looking for a place to sleep tonight in Cambridge.|Sure, there are 33 hotels available. Do you have any other criteria?
Could it be in the north and include free wifi please?|There are several places to stay in the north that offer free internet.  do you have a preference of stars and price range?
No. But it should be a guesthouse.|There are several in the moderate price range and 1 in the cheap range, do you have a preference?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range for one person and four nights, starting on Sunday.|There are several options, but I would definitely recommend the limehouse. If that sounds good, I can book it for you.
Yes please. I need it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  FLU3B3SI.
i also need a place to dine in the north|I found 9 restaurants in the North.  What type of food would you like?
Thank you, I'm looking for a place that serves Chinese food.|What's your budget?
The price doesn't matter.|Would you like to try the Hotpot?
Sure! I need a table for 1 at 16:15 on Sunday.|Ok I will book it for you and get a reference number
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.|I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How interesting that there's NO entertainment in the centre of Cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a college I could visit?|Yes, there are 13 colleges in the centre of town.
Could you suggest one and provide the postcode and phone number?|gonville and caius college's postocode is cb21ta and their phone number isv01223332400
Can I also get a place to stay, needs to include wifi but I dont care about parking.|There are 3 entries that meet your criteria. I would recommend the A and B guesthouse or Avalon as they both get 4 stars.
I actually want a hotel with 0 stars, I don't like stars.|Okay I have one option for you called Cityroomz. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 nights starting from Monday for 6 people. Please let me know the reference number.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : F2PPHLSX.
thank you that will be all|You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi preferably in the centre.  Can you help me?|I'll recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223525725
Can you book a room for me and send me the reference number please.|how long will your stay be?
We are going to be staying for 2 nights beginning Saturday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know how many people will be staying?
There will be 7 people staying.|I have successfully booked 2 nights for 7 people at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is D4MCY7TT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. We are also looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.|The Vue Cinema is in the centre area.
What is the postcode and entrance fee.|I'm not showing a listed entrance fee. Their postcode is cb11ps.
Great! Can I book a taxi? I need to leave the hotel by 17:30.|Look for a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07825644366. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for you help. Have a great day.|Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
I'd like to go to the theatre, can you tell me about what's available in Cambridge, please?|There are 5 theaters in the whole of Cambridge, do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer the center of town|There are four theaters showing up in the centre part of town.  It looks like one of them is a arts theater.  Do you want info?
Yes please! What's the postcode, fee, and number?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in 6 Saint Edward's Passage Postcode cb23pj, phone 01223503333. There isn't information about entrance fee.
I would also like a restaurant that is in the North area that serve Northern European food.|Unfortunately, we don't seem to have any listings that match your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine or a different area of the city?
How about a Chinese food restaurant?|I would recommend Hakka.  It is in the north area and I've heard it's great.
OK go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 18:00 on thursday.|I do apologize, but they're all booked up. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, can we try 17:00?|That time was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: L85JERQH. Anything else today?
Yes, please.  I'd like a taxi between the two places to arrive by 17:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07714877467
is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes can you book me a 3 star hotel that offers free parking?|There are 5 3-star hotels with free parking. Are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one in the west, price really doesn't matter.|Ok I have the Hobsons House on 96 barton road . Would you like me to book you a reservation ?
Yes, that works. May i have the address?|I need some more information. How many people? What day would you like to book? How many days would you like to stay?
There will be two people. I want to book on June 18th. We will be staying 7 days.|Their address is 96 Barton Road. Just to avoid confusion, what day of the week does the date you selected for check in fall on so I can reserve your room?
I actually don't need a hotel booking right now, just the address you already gave me, and a confirmation of the hotel type.|It is a guesthouse. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves international food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants in that area serving international food.  Do you have a different food choice I could check for you?
Thai food will work if you can find that.|The Sala Thong restaurant meets that criteria. Would you like to book a table or need any other information?
I need to leave the restaurant by 04:45 so can you book it for earlier than 04:00, I will also need a taxi to commute.|I can help with that. How many would you like to make the reservation for and what day?
I don't need to book a table, but I do need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 04:45 and go to the hotel.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a Blue Tesla. Should you need to reach them directly, their phone number is 07623362802. Anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode of the restaurant, please?|The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and postcode is cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  That's all I needed.  Good bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant sitar tandoori. Can you give me more information?|Sitar tandoori is a indian restaurant in the east. It is considered expensive.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 6 at 18:00 on Monday please.|sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. can you please choose another day or time slot?
Can you try for 17:00 instead? And if they are available, I need the reference number.|Alright, I've got your reservation booked, reference number is PE2FBNEN.
Thanks. I am also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.|there are no colleges in the east. can i look somewhere else?
How about in a different area?|There are 4 colleges in the west. Churchill college is located at storey's way. It's entrance fee is free.
I'm looking for a guesthouse where I can stay in east Cambridge.|There are several guesthouses on the east side. I recommend the Allenbell. It's cheap, but it still gets 4 stars.
I was hoping for one that is in the moderate price range.|Okay I have the A and B guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book that?
Yes, actually. Can you reserve a room for me for Friday for 3 guests?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UN2JUAA4.
I'm also looking for an Italian restaurant, something in the same area as the hotel.|I have one restaurant called Pizza Hut Fen Ditton and it is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make it for  the same group of people at 15:00 on the same day.|I have you booked in at that time and day.
I also need a taxi|I can help with that! When and were would you need your taxi?
I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay, so you'll be going to the restaurant from the hotel? Or to the hotel from the restaurant? and at what time, please?
The hotel to the restaurant please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red honda
Contact number	:	07823449934
You will arrive by 14:45.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Turkish food and is located in the west.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that fit those criteria. Would you like me search in another area, or for a different type of food?
is there a restaurant serving indian food?|There are several Indian restaurants in the west, would you prefer a more expensive price range or moderate?
Either price range is fine, can you tell me more about some of the restaurants you mentioned?|Yes I found five restaurants in the west four in the expensive range and one in the moderate price range.
Can you give me the address, price range, and phone number of the best one?|The tandoori palace is a restaurant in the expensive price range located at 68 histon road chesterton. The phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I am specifically look for a four star hotel.|I am showing 21 hotels with a four star rating. Would you also like a hotel that is in the west?
Not necessarily I just needed to be a guest house with free Wi-Fi|We have finches bed and breakfast, also in the west with complimentary internet, as well as four stars. Would you like me to book this for you?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : QKZSOURZ.. Anything else today?
I need a taxi to travel between the two places. I need to leave tandoori by 07:30. Can you suggest something for me? I need contact number and car type.|I would be happy to help with finding a taxi. Can I ask where you will be traveling too? That way we can find the best taxi company for you!
Yes to the hotel from the restaurant. I need to leave by 7:30 and will need the car type and a contact number please.|I have booked a black Skoda for you at 7:30 at the restaurant. The contact number is 07889958021.
Thank you so much for your assistance today I think that will be all.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse. Do you know of any 4-star properties?|There are many options that are 4 star. Is there a particular area or price point you would like to stay in?
No particular area but free parking would be nice|Acorn Guest House located in the North is a 4 star location with free parking and wifi, would that suit your needs?
Yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is:  DKI36RGY.   Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Actually, yes. I wanted to visit a college whilst I'm in town. Could you recommend one for me?|We have a large number of colleges, could you tell me the area you would like to visit one in?
I really do not have a preference on the area. Which one would you recommend?|christ's college is free and located in the centre. Would you like anything else today?
Can you give me the phone number for it?|The phone number is 01223334900
I will also need a taxi between them. I need to leave the hotel by 24:45.|A red volkswagen is booked. 07772378395 is the number. Do you need more help?
That is all I need, thanks.|Okay, I'm glad to have assisted you today!
hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.|What area of town should it be in?
it should be in the east area and serve south indian food.|what about price specifications?
I would like something cheap please?|I don't actually have anything in town that serves Indian food in the east that's cheap. Can I try something else for you?
How about a restaurant that serves Chinese food?|I do not have any cheap Chinese food places in the east. Would you like me to search another area?
I really wanted South Indian food in the easy.  Are there any choices regardless of price?|Curry Prince is moderately priced, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on sunday.|Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is J7WQHV7J. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. Can you also find lodging for me? I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.|Do you have a preference of area or price range?
No any one will do. What ever you recommend. it should also have free parking.|I recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is cheap and in the west. 4 stars and free parking and wifi. Can I book you a room?
Could you please give me their address?|Their address is Regent Street, CB21AD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get a taxi from University Arms Hotel to Curry Prince by 17:45?|Of course! A black ford will pick you up at University Arms Hotel and take you to Curry Prince at 17:45. The contact number is 07880637030
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I am looking for information on the hamilton lodge hotel.|The Hamilton Lodge is located in the northern part of town. It has three stars and moderate pricing. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, please, I want to book it. Give me the reference number.|Address for Hamilton Lodge is 156 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223365664.  How many people, how many nights, and on what day would you like to book?
7 people are staying for 3 nights starting on friday.|Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is ZJ7WBMYC
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.|Sure there is a restaurant called Siagon City. Would you like me to make a reservation for you or would you care to do this yourself?
Is Siagon City in the west? I want a restaurant in the west.|No, but Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west serving British food. How does that sound?
What's the address and postcode for Graffiti?  Could you also book a taxi from the hotel at 20:15? Please send me the contact number and car type.|The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the postcode is cb30lx. Please tell me where you are departing from for the taxi.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the hotel and restaurant?|Your Taxi is booked. Your car type will be a black Toyota and the contact number is 07498631779
That is everything. Thank you.|Excellent. Have a good day!
Thanks, I don't need anything else today.|Thanks. I'm glad I could help.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre?|The Centre has many choices, 69 to be exact.  Do you have any food type or price range in mind?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves modern European food.|What price range would you like?
moderate price range please and thank you that will be all|I can suggest the riverside brassiere.
Ok sure. I need brassiere|Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes, a table for one on Wednesday at 20:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XT4L7KCY.
I will also need a taxi.|What time will you be leaving and what time you will like to arrive?
I want the taxi to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation there|Where will you be leaving from?
Sorry I need to book a hotel first. Do you have a 3 star with free parking in the same area?|The Gonville Hotel is available in that area.
Do they have wifi?|Yes they have wifi
Okay can you tell me the address and price range of the Gonville Hotel?|It is an expensive hotel and the address is gonville place.
Thanks.  Now I can book my taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Would you like me to reserve the hotel?
No reservation, just a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant arriving by 20:00|all set for your taxi yellow audi Contact number 07456600776. Any thing else i can do ?
Thank you that will be all I need|You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for a restaurant|What area of town could you like to dine at?
The town centre, please.|What type of food would you like to dine on?
I don't care, as long as it's really expensive.|Bedouin is a unique African restaurant in the centre that is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, for four people on Saturday. Do you have anything at 15:45?|Yes had an opening for 15:45 so I made a reservation for you. Your reference is QCLAB4ER and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse and should include free parking.|I can help you with that. What price range would you like?
Expensive, I would like the place to be pricey.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something else?
Hmm.. okay, how about moderate?  Big thing I guess is free parking and a 3 star rating.|There are 3 hotels that fit your criteria: The Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge, and Hobsons House.
You choose your favorite. Book me for the same group of people please for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|Okay. We have you booked at the Bridge Guest House. The reference number is KTPR4JKI.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant on time, 15:45.|Your taxi will be a black Honda. Their number is 07401864522
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a taxi. I'll be departing the Fitzwilliam museum and need to arrive by 20:15|I can reserve that for you. Where is your destination?
I am heading to restaurant one seven.|Okay a white honda will be picking you up and the contact number is 07631927676.  What else can I help you with?
That is all that I need thanks.|Great, thank you for using our service!
Thanks for your help.  Bye.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
Hey, I'll be in Cambridge and I'm curious about the local restaurants. Can you find me a moderately priced one that serves European food?|Sure, how about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Is that found in the center?|Yes, this restaurant is found on Trumpington Street in the centre.
Can you please give me the address and postcode and phone number? I want to jot this down in case I get lost.|The phone number is 01223227330, the postcode is cb21qa and the address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that has free parking.|Sure, do you have a part of town you prefer for this?
I don't have a preference. As long as it has free wifi and is a guesthouse.|I'm afraid there isn't a guesthouse that meets all of those requirements.  Are they all important to you?
Can you find me a moderately priced one?|There are actualy 12, but I recommend bridge guest house, would you like more info or a booking?
The Bridge Guest House sounds fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday, 4 nights, and 8 people.|Your room has been booked. The reference number is 6N17JECV.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi. I'm looking for a place to stay in the North part of town. I'd like the hotel to have free parking.|I found 11 hotels do you have any other things you need the hotel to have?
Yes. I would like it to be a guesthouse with a star of 4.|How about the Acorn Guesthouse? It meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 4 nights starting from thursday.|Unfortunately, it looks like Acorn Guest House doesn't have that time available. Would you like me to try for a different day or shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights? Also can I get a reference number if it is available?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number for this booking is L9G43F5K.  Is there anything else you need help with?
I'm also looking for places to go. Is there a boat in the same area as the hotel?|Yes! It is called Riverboat Georgina.
Can I please have its address?|It's at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Would you like any other information about it, or can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi to go between the boat and the hotel.|I can help with that! What time do you need that taxi? And will you need to be picked up at the riverboat or the hotel?
I need a taxi that will take me from the riverboat to the hotel.  I want to leave the riverboat at 04:00.|OK, you are booked in a White Skoda. Your reference number is 07648586609.
Can I have a contact number for the taxi?|The contact number for the taxi is 07648586609.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
Hello. I need to get to the airport from my hotel.|When do you want to leave?
I am looking for places to go in the East side of town. Do you have any suggestions?|There are ten different attractions on the east side of town, could I recommend the Funky Fun House entertainment attraction?
That's sounds great. Can I have the telephone number? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the expensive price range in the same area, any suggestions?|The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705. There are 5 expensive restaurants in the East. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I'd prefer a place that serves Indian food.|There are two restaurants like you want the Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Do you have a preference as to which one you would like to book?
I'm not ready to book yet.  Can you give me the postcode for Sitar Tandoori?|The postal code for Sitar Tandoori is cb19hx.
I would like to book a taxi to take me from Sitar Tandoori to Funky Fun House at 21:30. Can you provide a contact number and the car type?|A red lexus will pick you up from sitar tandoori at 21:30. Your contact number is 0735340742.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you! Have a nice day!
Can you find me a good restaurant in the city centre?|there are quite a number. what is your price range?
I don't really have one but would like to try a European restaurant.|Okay, how about Eraina that's on Free School Lane City?
Sounds great. Would you book me a table for 8, for Monday at 19:00?|Your table is booked!  Reference #: GV2YF6H5.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any entertainment venues near the restaurant?|There are 44 options available. Is there anything particular you are interested in ?
The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. A museum|There are 11 museums is that area. The great thing is they are all free. Do you want additional information on any of them?
What area are they in?|They are all located in the centre the same as the restaurant. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please provide a suggestion.|The fitzwilliam museum has amazing art and sculpture. The address is trumpington street and the phone number is 01223332900. Do you want more information?
I will also need a taxi from the attraction to my dinning.|Your red toyota has been booked and its contact number is 07932820731.
Thank you so much for all your help.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking to go to a museum in the east part of Cambridge, can you help me find one?|How about cambridge artworks? It's on the east side and it's free admission.
That sounds good. What is the postcode?|The postcode for Cambridge Artworks is cb13ef. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm in need of a guesthouse. I'd like it to have three stars.|There are 4 guesthouses available, two in the north, one each in the south and west.  Do you have a preference on area?
Yes, I'd prefer a moderate place in the south.|Bridge guest house is a guesthouse in the south in the moderate price range. It also has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
yes please for 7 people and for 3 nights starting Wednesday|Congratulations! Your hotel was booked with the reference number 89RKAN7M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been great.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  Please enjoy your stay and let us know if there's anything we can help you with in the future!
I need a tax going to tang chinese.|Sure, where are you coming from?
I'll be coming from whale of a time|I can help you with that booking, what time are you wanting to leave/arrive by?
I need to arrive by 05:15.|Okay I have a grey lexus and the contact number is 07087526103. Anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else right now. Thanks for the booking. Goodbye.|Happy to help!
I'm looking to visit a museum in the east part of town.|There are three free museums, are these the ones you would like?
Sounds great. Could you recommend one, and give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road cb13eg 012202168.
Thank you, also can you help me find a place to eat?|Of course! Are you craving anything in particular?
actually, i'm looking for a place to stay.|I found 33 locations so i may better serve you what is your price range and area?
A guesthouse in the northern part of town, please.|it will be possible and i will find you one thanks a lot
i want to book a taxi.|When would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 13:00. It doesn't matter what time I leave.|Okay, and where are your departure and destination locations?
I want to go to the lensfield hotel and depart from the fez club. Could you please give me the contact number and car type of the driver?|You are scheduled for a yellow Toyota.  Contact number: 07205440226.  Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your time.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good time!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|I would be happy to help.  There are lots of great restaurants in town!  Do you what to try a particular type of food?
I still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can I start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the south with free parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses that match your criteria, do you have a price preference?
Do they have wifi?|yes and they are a number without
Okay, which place do you recommend?|I recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Could I book a stay for you?
not now . i am also looking for a place to dine|There are several restaurants, what type of food would you like?
I would like a japanese place in the cheap range.|There's nothing matching that. Do you have any other criteria?
Can we search for Portuguese instead?|There is one place available called the Nandos! Would you like for me to book a table?
That sounds lovely. I would like to book it for Saturday, for 7 people, at 14:15.|Your booking for 7 at 14:15 was successful! The reference number is 38PZHLJO. May we help you with anything else?
i also want a taxi|Where to and from, and what time will you need the taxi?
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|at what time should it leave?
The most important thing is that it gets me to the restaurant in time for the reservation. I can leave the hotel whenever necessary.|Okay. I've booked for you a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07314173329
Thank you, that is all I need.|Have a good day!
Could you find me a cheap restaurant in the centre please|I have 15 in the centre. Did you have a food type preference?
Is there one that serves chinese food?|There are three Chinese restaurants. They are charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Does one appeal to you?
Rice House sounds interesting, and I need some cheap egg rolls. What postcode is that place in?|The post code is cb12bd.  They have amazing egg rolls!
Thanks - I am also wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the city centre.|There are not. The only multiple sports center is located in the east. Would you like more info on it?
How about a college type attraction in the same area as the restaurant then?|Sure.  We have 13 colleges in the city centre.  While many are free, some do have an entrance fee.
Would you recommend one?|I would say Downing college is the best. What info shall I provide you with concerning that place?
Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?|Their phone number is 01223334860, they are located at regent street, and their postcode is cb21dq.
I'd like a taxi to commute back and forth please.|What time would you like the Taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant by 17:00 please.|Your booking is complete. It will be a white honda and its contact number is 07316123574.
Thanks a bunch. Have a great night. Take care. Bye.|Thank you! Hope you have a wonderful trip!
I need to get a taxi from Funky Funhouse.|Where will you be headed to?
I need to go to nusha and I would like to arrive by 04:30|its booked! it is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07906334474
Thank you for your help, that's all the help I need today.|You are very welcome.  Good bye.
Hello. I would like to visit an attraction called Byard Art. Can you help me get some information?|This is a museum in the south,  It's free to enter.  Would you like their contact info?
Yes, the address and postcode, please.|The address is 14 king's parade and postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Thanks so much.  Can you help me with a place to stay?|There are 33 hotels available. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi. The hotel should be in the cheap price range|There are several to choose from. Do you have a particular part of town that you would like to stay?
Don't care as long as it has free wifi and parking|Might I recommend the Autumn House. It is 4 star rated and just underwent remodeling. It is quite a place to stay. Can I reserve you a room?
Is that an actual hotel?  I don't like guesthouses.|Yes that is a guesthouse. There is one hotel that is not a guesthouse in the west. It is The Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, just the postcode will be fine.|Okay the postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to go between the hotel and byard art, I'll need to leave by 19:30|Could you clarify, which place do you intend to depart from and which do you want to arrive at?
I will be leaving from Byard Art by 19:30|It is all booked. Be expecting a blue Honda. Please call 07916276451 should you need to reach them.
Thanks for the help with the museum, hotel and taxi. I don't need anything else. Goodbye.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I need  a nice place to stay, do you have those?|We have many nice places that would suit your needs.  Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I would like to stay in the centre of town.|Sure, I have five options for you. What price range?
I would like the moderate price range.|I have found the cityroomz located in the centre for a moderate price.  It has 0 stars and free internet.  Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : XPE70MGX. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I would like more info on the Travellers Rest, it is a restaurant.|It is a british restaurant in the west. It is expensive. Can I tell you anything further about it?
Sure. I would like to book it for 6 people on Monday at 14:30.|My apologies, there is a known system issue that is not allowing booking specifically on restaurants, you would have to call them directly at 01223276182, can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a taxi.|Where would the taxi need to pick you up?
Can they pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant in time for my reservations?|A yellow toyota will pick you up at Cityroomz and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. The contact number is 07700237290. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for me today. Thank you, bye|Thank you have a good day too?
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that has international food and a moderate price range please.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury both appear to offer what you're looking for. May I book one of those for you?
Yes please make me a reservation at the Bloomsbury for 2 people at 19:30 on Thursday.|I'm sorry I wasn't able to make that booking. Would you like another day or time?
How about 18:30 instead? Does that work?|Yes, the booking has been completed.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5 star hotels that include free parking?|Unfortunately there are no hotels that meet those preferences, would you like me to search for a 4 star instead?
Yes please, but it definitely needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are three hotels that meet your preferences, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, that would be great. I also need the reference number for the Bloomsbury booking please.|The reference number to the bloomsbury booking is NTKQ8R1I.
Thank you so much.|Did you want me to book that hotel for you? The Huntingdon Marriott, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms all meet your requirements.
I would like to book The Huntingdon Marriott on Thursday for 5 nights for the same 2 people. If it is not available, please book another one.|Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful for that day. Can we try another day?
Do they have a booking for one day?|Yes, I was able to book the hotel for one day.  Your reference number is V1PGRO1T.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also in need of a taxi to commute between the locations, can you find me one?|I'd be happy to get you a taxi, will you be departing from the hotel or the restaurant? What time do you want to arrive?
I'd like the taxi to pick me up from the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant at 18:30.|I have booked your taxi to bloomsbury from huntingdon, Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number:	07021736620. May I help with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You are welcome.  Have a wonderful day and please feel free to reach out again if you have more questions.
I would like to look into more tourist information.|OK, I can definitely help you out, but I will need some more information from you first!
No problem, what would you like to know?|Are you looking for an attraction? If so, what type, and where?
Yes.  I am looking for a theatre.|How about the adc theater located in the centre area at park street?  Would you like more information on this theatre?
Yes, can I have the phone number? I am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a moderate price range, free parking, and a star of 3.|The phone number is 01223300085. I have a perfect match for you, Hobsons House, located at 96 barton road. Do you need more information or do you want to book now?
Do you have Hobsons House phone number?|Sure... the phone number is 01223304906.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 03:45.|You taxi is booked, its a white bmw and contact number is 07062462058
thank you that will be all goodbye|Your welcome, have a nice day!
Hello, I'd like to stay in a two star guesthouse. Know of anything good?|I do not show any 2 star guesthouses available.  However, we do have 3 or 4 star guesthouses available.  Would that interest you?
A three star would be OK as long as it's got free parking.|There are 3 moderately priced guesthouses with a 3 star rating that offers parking. They are the Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Ok. Can you tell me if I can book a room at the Bridge Guest House?|How many people are in your party and how many days would you like to stay?
Do they have internet?|Bridge guesthouse does have internet.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called the rice boat.|I found the rice boat but did you still need that hotel booked?
Yes please. Also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at 17:30 this Thursday?|I was successfully able to book that for you. Your reference number is Q1PPYLII. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
I would say I'm all set, thank you!|Great, thank you for choosing our service.
I wanted to visit a place called Center, could you tell me the hours it's open, and if it is an attraction that I would need to book in advance?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for an attraction by that name.
ok. can you find me a nice hotel where i can spend over the weekend|Perhaps you were interested in an attraction located in city CENTRE? Theatre? dancing? dining? museums? If not, I can help with hotel booking too.
Yes, I am interested in one located in the city Centre. Can you list out several for me so I can choose from them?|There are 44 different attractions in the centre ranging from architecture to nightclubs. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
Please give me a list of nightclubs and the admission fee|There are five nightclubs in the Centre. May I suggest Soul Tree Nightclub? It cost four pounds for the entrance fee.
Can you give me the post code for the Soul Tree Nightclub?|The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves British food and is expensive. I need this to be in the same area as the nightclub.|I found 3 restaurants matching your request.  The cambridge chop house is very popular.  Would you like to book a table there?
yes can you please help me with that?|Yes when would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 12:00 on Wednesday|Ok, and for how many people?
I'd like it for 7 people please. And could you also get me a taxi to go between the two?|i booked that for you. your reference number is 2tn0v6dq.
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to go between the two?|Sure. I'll just need to know where you want to be picked up and where you want to be dropped off, plus either when you want to leave or arrive by
adress and phone number please and thank you|Unfortunately, I don't understand your message. To book your taxi, I need to know where you are starting and going to. I also need to know what time.
So sorry, I was distracted. I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking, please.|I can book that for you now.
please do and give me car type and contact|Booking completed! Your car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07559573662.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today.|You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.
I need a taxi from bedouin that will leave after 20:00|I'd be happy to help - what is your destination?
stansted airport train station is the drop off location|I have booked a black tesla for you
I need a contact number please.|The contact number is: 07720856341.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all, thank you.|No problem. Have a great day.
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay, with free parking.|There are 14 places that match your preferences. Mind being more specific? Can I get an area you'd like to stay, or a star rating you'd prefer?
Anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking.|I'm sorry I can't find any hotel's that are moderately priced with 4 stars and parking. Did you have anything else in mind?
You are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced hotel with free parking and a 4 star rating?|Acorn guest house is avaialble but all we have matching that are guesthouses, no hotels.
The Acorn will do. Can you please book me a room for Monday for 3 people, 5 nights please?|Unfortunately, they do not have that available. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 1 night?|I was able to book your room for one night successfully. Your reference number is OESTHWO3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I also am looking for a place to go that is a museum.|I'd like to suggest the broughton house gallery. Do you need any information on it?
Yeah, could I get its postcode, phone number, and address, please?|Broughton house gallery is at 98 king street, postcode cb11ln. Tel. no. is 01223314960.
Can you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|Sure, what time will you be needing the taxi?
I want to leave the gallery by 2:45.|Booking completed It will be a yellow Toyota and the contact number is 07664525287
I need to get a taxi to take me to efes restaurant please.|Certainly - what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 21:30 please.|Tell me where you are leaving from, please.
I will be leaving from Avalon.|Alright, I have you booked, you can expect a grey audi, contact number 07395990234. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, but thank you, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome. Don't hesitate to contact again if you are in further need of assistance.
Are there any british restaurants on the west side?|For the Westies, saint johns chop house is the place.  Need a reservation?
Is that in the moderate price range?|Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is in the moderate price range.
Great!  I'm not sure when I want to go, so can I just get the address and postcode?|Saint Johns Chophouse 21-24 Northampton Street, post code cb30ad. Will there be anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area that offers free wifi.|There are 4 accommodations that fit your criteria. How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Can you book that for 6 ?|Sure, what day would you like to book it for?
I'd like to book 2 nights starting on tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : G17HAX2C. Will you need a taxi to get between them?
Yes I do, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 04:45.|Did you want it to pick you up from Saint Johns chop house?
Yes, please, and go to the B&B you booked for me.|Okay, a black toyota is booked. You can contact them at 07431558834
Thank you, that was everything that I needed.|Thank you for contacting us, please don't hesitate to reach out if there's anything else you need in the future.
I would like to get some information about a local restaurant and a hotel please. Include the best options for me.|Ok, lets start with a hotel, any preference of type, area or price range?
The hotel that I am looking for is called Gonville. I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 0NVL3745. Do you need anything else?
Can you find me a modern European cuisine restaurant  in the centre area?|Wehave four options that meet your needs, are preference on price range?
I would like the moderate price range.|I have two options one is the de luca cucina and bar and the other is riverside brasserie,which would you like?
The latter please. Can you book that?|Okay, and how many people will the restaurant reservation be for?
Please reserve for 8 people.|What day would you like to go?
I want to go Wednesday please|I would be happy to book the reservation for you, but I need a time, please.
How much time?|What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to leave the hotel by 09:15|I'm sorry for the confusion. Do you want a reservation at the riverside brasserie?  If so, what time would you like that reservation?
sorry, i'm being such a confusing pain. i don't want to reserve a table. i just need the address.|Sure their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else?
Can I get the postcode with that? And their phone number, while you're at it?|Yes their phone number is 01223366611 and their postcode is cb11ly.
I also need a taxi to go between the hotel and the restaurant. I'd like to leave the Gonville hotel by 09:15|When would you like to arrive by?
I just mentioned that I would like to leave by 9:15 please.|Booking completed! Booked car type:	grey bmw  Contact number	:	07262375327. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I need a taxi at 12:45 to take me to Ruskin Gallery.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I want to be picked up at arbury lodge guesthouse.|Ok, I have a white honda for you with the contact number 07758153394. Anything else?
That is all I needed thank you.|If I have met all your needs, have a good day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I'd like to try some Turkish cuisine if there's a restaurant that serves it.|meze bar restaurant	is great. it is located in196 Mill Road City Centre, cb13nf. can i give you their phone numbers?
Please do, thank you.|I'm sorry, they do not have a phone number listed.  Would you like to book a table?
No. thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range.|Gonville Hotel is in the Centre, has 3 stars in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Do they offer free parking?|They do have free parking yes.
And what's their phone number?|It is 01223366611
That's all the information I need on the hotel. I would like to book a taxi to commute between the restaurant and the Gonville Hotel.|What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15.|Booked car type	:	black bmw
Contact number	:	07798470642
I also would like a restaurant.|I located the Meze Bar restaurant for you but have not made a reservation per your request. Would you like me to locate a different restaurant?
No, thank you. Please go ahead and make a reservation at Meze Bar.|Ok sure, When and with how many people will you be dining at Meze Bar?
I'll do that later once I find out how many people can make it. Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a nice moderately priced hotel located in the east.|I have 3 great guesthouses in the east. I recommend Warkworth House. Would you like to book a room?
Maybe.  Does it have 4 stars?|Yes it does. Would you like to make reservations?
Does it have internet?|Warkworth does offer internet.
Okay, thanks.  I'm also looking for a place to eat that serves Australasian food.  Can you help me with that?|There are no australasian restaurants in the east.  Would you like to try a different cuisine or can I check another area for you?
How about a Chinese restaurant?|The Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the East, would you like to book a table?
Can i get the address and number to Yu Garden?|Yes, the address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb58pa.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two places.|I can help you with that I just need to know what time you'd like to be picked up from the guesthouse?
I would like to leave at 5:45.|The taxi will pick you up at the guesthouse at 05:45 and will be in a white lexus. Their contact number is 07730745339. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thank you so much.|I'm happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I need a place to stay in the centre that has free wifi.|There are a bunch of options for you to choose from. Do you have a price range?
I would like it to have a star rating of 4 and cost does not matter, I would also like it to have free parking.|I have one guesthouse that has free internet and parking on the cheap side. It's also located in the Centre at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
Please book a 4 night stay for 3 people on saturday.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is EGYY9BB7. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a restaurant with Turkish food near the hotel in the centre area please.|There are 3 turkish restaurants in that area. How about Anatolia?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the moderate price range. Can you narrow it down?|There is Anatolia and Efes Restaurant available, which would you like to book?
I'll take Efes for 3 people on saturday at 15:00 please.|It was unsuccessful. Did you want to try the other one? Or a different time frame?
How about for 3 people on Saturday at 14:00?|The booking was successful for 14:00. Your reference number is 0B58WF1P. Is there anything esle I can do for you?
Yes, can you arrange a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant that arrives to the restaurant by 14:00?|Certainly. I have booked your taxi. Anything else I can help with today?
Please provide me the contact number and car type for the taxi. It  will be at the restaurant by 14:00?|The contact number is 07429438913 and the car type is a yellow Lexus.
Great that's all the info I need, thank you.|You're welcome!  Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else.
Thank you for your help!|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call us again.
I will, thank you again!|Have a great rest of your day, and I hope your visit to Cambridge is everything you dreamed it would be.
I need a taxi departing from huntingdon marriot hotel.|We can help with that. What time do you wish to leave/arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive by 20:15.|Okay, and where will you be arriving to?
saint barnabas press gallery please|Ok I have a red ford and the contact number is 07619968321. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I will be looking for the taxi to arrive by 20:15.|I have confirmed that your taxi will arrive by 20:15. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's everything. Thanks!|Booked car type red ford
Contact number 07619968321
Hello, can you give me information about Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?|Sure, it is located at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park.  That is the east side of town.  It's pretty expensive, but very nice.
Price is of no concern since I just won the lottery. Please book a room starting on Monday for 2 people for 3 nights. Thanks!|Congratulations! I have made your reservation. Do you want the reference number now?
Yes I would like the reference number, thank you.|Reference number is : JEEFI2OW. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can you help me find a great place to spend my time and money in town. I prefer the east. It's time to live life to the fullest!|i have found 10 attractions. what type of attraction did you have in mind?
Can you recommend one and give me their post code.|Sure. How about the Funky Fun House and their telephone number is 01223304705?
could I have the postcode please|Yes, it is cb58hy.  What else can I help you with today?
I am pretty sure i wont be in condition to drive if you know what i mean, need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving at 05:15|I do not have a restaurant for you. Shall I book one before I book the taxi? Or would you like to go from the Funky Fun House to the hotel?
I am sorry. Yes please book from the funky house to the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up at the Funky Fun House a 05:15. Please look out for a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07739352636.
Thank you for helping me.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Actually that's all, thank you.|Great thanks for letting us assist you today!
I need to find a place to visit while in town. What attractions are in Centre?|There are a lot! We have some impressive architecture, historic colleges, theatres, and more. What sort of thing appeals to you?
I'd like to see a college, please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Gonville and Caius college is fascinating and it is free. Does this appeal to you?
Sounds good.  Can I get the address with the postcode for that one, please?|Yes, the college is located on trinity street, postcode cb21ta.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is it free?  I also am looking for a Mediterranean restaurant in the same area.|Yes the college entrance is free. I also found 3 restaurants with mediterranean cuisine in the same area. two are in the centre. can you give a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap, I'm on a budget.|The Gardenia is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant. Would you like me to make reservations there for you?
No I will take care of that. Please provide the phone number, address, and postcode for the restaurant|You got it!  The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre, cb23ll.  The phone number is 01223356354.  What else can I do for you?
I also need to book a taxi from the College to the restaurant.|I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave the college and arrive at the gardenia?
I want to leave at least by 14:45 if that is okay.|That is fine, I've got you booked with a white Tesla.
Thanks. Can I get the taxi company's contact phone number please?|Sure , their number is 07328080907. What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you.|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for an architecture attraction somewhere in Cambridge.|There are 5 different attractions all located in the centre of the city. I'd recommend holy trinity church.
Okay.  Can you tell me how much it costs to get in?|It is free.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the Warkworth House?|Hey, the Warkworth is in the East part of town, it's a four star hotel with moderate pricing.  What can I tell you about it?
I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.|Your hotel is booked starting Wednesday and your reference number is PADGS18.  May I assist you with anything else today?
Actually, yes. I need a taxi to pick me up from Holy Trinity Church at 1:15  and take me to the hotel.|I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 1:15 from Holy Trinity Church. Would you like the car type and contact number?
Yes, please, that would be nice.|The vehicle you will be expecting is a black Tesla . The contact number is 07726876557. Anything else you need?
No thank you, that is everything.|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I'd like to find an Italian restaurant, on the west side.|prezzo and la margherita are both Italian restaurants located on the west side.
Which one is cheap?|La Margherita is in the cheap price range.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the address and postcode please?|The address is 15 Magdalene Street, City Centre. The post code is cb30af. Can I assist you further?
i also need a place to go which should be in the type of a boat|camboats is located in the east or scudamores punting co is in the centre.
Can I get info to the one in the east please. thank you,|Camboats is located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 902 112. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a ride to get to and from both places.|OK, what time do you need a taxi?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 03:45 please.|I'm happy to book you a taxi I need the following information to do so time of travel, name departure site, and name of arrival site.
In summary, I am leaving La Margherita restaurant by 03:45 to go to Camboats.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07041828683, and it will be a red Toyota. Can I assist you further?
That is all thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel named Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Do you have any information on that?|Yes I do! The hotel is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the phone number is 01223866800. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes, I would like to book the room for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book for that day.  Would you like to try for another day or search for another hotel?
Can you try 1 night instead?|Ah yes. That worked. I have a booking for 3 people for one night. Your reference number is SERCRCLN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure, Is there an attraction called Castle Galleries?|Yes, it's a museum in the city centre.
I'd like the phone number and postcode for the museum.|Phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please I would like a taxi to get me from the museum by 9:45 to my hotel.|I reserved a Blue Ford to pick you up at 9:45.  The contact number is 07985144147.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I'm all set!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Are there good hotels that you can book?|Yes we have 33 locations, do you have any requirements?
I need it to have free wifi and priced moderately.|That cuts it down to 17 possibilities. Can you tell me the area of town you are interested in staying?
I want the north area.|I have two 2-star hotels available. If you'd like something rated more highly, there are also several guesthouse options that would meet your needs. Any preferences?
Are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Tuesday, with free parking? Hopefully, near some attractions too. Oh, and I almost forgot, may I get a reference number?|I booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you. Reference number is B1QXF4T2. Did you need to look up some attractions?
Yes please. What do you have in the same area as the hotel?|We have boating, a park, and two swimming pools. Do you want more information on any of these?
Boating sounds fun what's the entrance fee? I also need the phone number and address.|The entrance fee for riverboat georgina is only available at the location but it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and you can reach them at 01223902091.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to take me from Acorn Guesthouse to the Riverboat Georgina by 20:15?|You are all set.  Look for a red Ford, contact number 07682372972.  May I be of any further assistance today?
I have everything I need. Thanks for all your help!|Okay great, have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for a nightclub located in the east.|There aren't any, unfortunately. Shall I look for something elsewhere?
No that's ok. Is there anything in the east in the category of multiple sports?|The cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east.
Can I get their telephone number?|Sure! The telephone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need their address.|Of course! The address is colville road, cherry hinton cb19ej. May I help with anything else?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. I prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. It will be for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.|I recommend Arcon guesthouse. It matches your description and even has free parking . Can I book you into it?
Yes please, and can you send me the reference number once the booking is complete?|I have booked you a room and the Reference number is : 42KEXQ3V.
Thanks. I need help with one more thing, a taxi to travel from the hotel.|I can book you a taxi from the Acorn to the Cherry Hinton centre, but I do need to know what time you'd like to go!
between the hotel and the arcon guest house.|I am sorry but I can't book it without the time. When did you want to go?
Oh sure, I would like to leave the hotel by 9:45.|Okay. I booked you a black skoda and the contact number is 07991291688.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I want to get a taxi to pick me up from the Cambridge train station please.|What time would you like to depart at?
I'd like to leave after 09:15.|Where is it that you would like to go?
I want to go to county folk museum|I have booked a white volvo to leave at 9:15 from Cambridge train station.  Your contact number is 07504297575
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|Great! Have a nice day!
i need to find a place to stay in the east side|I have 7 such places to stay. Is there a specific price point you would like to stay in or do you need parking and/or wifi?
I need a room in the expensive price range.|I think you would enjoy Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
I'd also like it to have a 4 star rating.|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything 4-star rated that is expensive and in the east. Would you like me to try a different price range or area?
Yes, can you try a moderately priced place instead?|I would recommend A and B Guest House.  It fits your criteria except it is in a moderate price range.
That sounds great! May I have their address, please?|A and B guest house is on 124 tenison road, cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you.  Also I am looking for the address of a place called williams art and antiques.|I found that for you.  It is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and their phone number is 01223311687.
Thanks. I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.|Certainly.  Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination.
I just need to leave the hotel by 03:45.|Your ride has been booked, it will be a white bmw. Call 07514195379 if you have any further questions.
OK, thanks. That's all I need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I would like to book a taxi departing from Leverton House and arriving by 07:30.|Booking completed! car is red ford and Contact number is 07640075849,
ok awesome i will be going to jesus college|Your new contact number is 07279059192 and the car is a yellow skoda.
That is all I need good day to you.|To you, as well. Thank you for using the service.
i want to do some boating today|The Cambridge Punter is located at 251a Chesterton Road. Would that fit the bill?
Is that located in the north?|Sorry, the cambridge punter is in the center, but there's the Riverboat Georgina in the north.
Perfect, could you give me their post code?|of course! it is cb41as
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north.|We have guesthouses and hotel ranging from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference on price range so we can narrow it a bit more?
The hotel should be in the same area as the attraction and should have a star of 4.|we have quite a few in the north when are you planning your stay?
5 nights, starting from Thursday. For 3 people. Reference number please.|Would you like me to suggest one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.|I would recommend the archway guesthouse, do you want more information or a booking?
I would like you to book please.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6WM7SEWY. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 3:15. Please provide the contact number and car type.|I will work on looking for one and let you know shortly.
Great thank you so much.|You're welcome! What is you destination?
I want to go to the Riverboat Georgina, please.|what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 3:15 please.|I'm sorry, you mentioned that earlier. I've got your taxi booked. It will be a red Tesla, the contact number is 07760358173. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all for today.|Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige belfry.|This is a cheap 4 star hotel in the west.  It has internet and parking.  Are you looking to book a stay?
Yes can I get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is  9GSZPI6R.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I'm all set. Thanks!|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I'm looking for an attraction which should be in the east a museum if possible.|There are 5 attractions what are of town would you prefer?
A museum located east side. Can I get the postcode, phone number and is there an admission fee?|There are four museums matching your criteria, 3 of them are free and one has an admission fee of five pounds. How about the Cambridge museum of Technology, their postcode is cb58ld, and the address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane.
Great, is that the free one?  I also need someplace to eat in that same area.|There is a 5 GBP admission fee.  Cambridge Artworks is free and located at 5 greens road with a postcode cb13ef and phone 01223902168.  What type of food?
I am open to any suggestion, but I am looking for a fancy expensive restaurant. What would you suggest?|Yu Garden is a very nice Chinese restaurant on the east side of town.
Sounds good. Can you help me book at taxi from the restaurant to the Museum?|I sure can. Can you tell me what time you want your taxi to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I just need to leave Yu Garden by 5:45.|I was able to book that taxi.  It is a Yellow Skoda and the contact number is 07277729993.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need to know more about a hotel called home from home.|Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse with internet and parking in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
I'd prefer an address at this point. Thanks!|Okay. Their address is 78-80 Milton Road.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.|I recommend Royal Standard, a gastropub in the east.  It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I will have a party of 8 ready to dine on Sunday at 18:15.|All righty, your reservation is set for Sunday, 18:15, for 8 people. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is NUVBZXWY.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.|Great, will you need a taxi perhaps?  I can also give you information on attractions in the area.
Oh yes of course. I need one to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15. Please provide the car type and contact number.|Done. Look for a white volkswagon and the contact number is 07673977358. Will there be anything else today?
No, that was all I need, thanks.  Goodbye.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|Do you have an area or price range in mind? And do you want a hotel or a guesthouse?
Price doesn't really matter, but the centre of town might be better.|I have a cheap guesthouse and an expensive hotel in the center. I recommend the hotel - the University Arms.
Can you provide the address please?|It is located on Regent Street. Anything else I can help you with today?
What was their price range again, please?|It is in the expensive price range.
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre|What type of attraction are you interested in?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?|great saint mary's church has wonderful architecture if you like that kind of stuff.
i also want to book a taxi|Your taxi is booked. Your car is a blue honda and contact number is 07090663777. Anything else you need?
that's it for today. thank you for your help!|thanks again have thank you for all of your help today
I am looking for a hotel in North Cambridge|There are 2 hotels in the north. I recommend Ashley Hotel, at 74 Chesterton Road.
I need them in the cheap range|Both hotels in the north are moderately priced, would you like me to look for a cheap hotel in a different area of Cambridge?
No, thank you. I'd like more information on the ones in the moderate price range.|The ashley hotel telephone number is	01223350059	and the adress is 74 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they have free parking and wifi?|Yes they are included in both
Great, I'll book Tuesday-Sunday night so that I leave on Monday.|Am I booking for you only or are there others?
No that's all sure you get address and entrance fee.|The address is 74 chesterton road.
Can you let me know the entrance fee?|It is a hotel. There is no entrance fee, but the price range is moderate.
Can you tell me if they have free parking and internet?|Yes the ashley hotel has both free internet and free parking.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like some information on a park near the hotel.|milton country park is a very nice park. What would you like to know ?
I want the address and entrance fee information|The Milton Country Park is free to get into, and the address is Milton Country Park, Milton. A bit redundant, I know.
Thanks! Can you book a taxi to pick me up at 11:00 at the hotel and take me to the park?|A blue volkswagen is reserved for you. The phone number is 07990624686. Will there be anything else today?
Thanks that will be all I'm needing today. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
i need info about cambridge university botanic gardens|That's a lovely park on Bateman street. What else do you need to know?
What is the cost of admission to the park?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can you tell me their hours of operation please?|I do not have that information their telephone number however is 0122336265
I also need a hotel.|Ok.  Can you tell me a little more about your preferences?  area? price range?
I'm actually looking for the Gonville hotel.|Gonville is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I'll be staying 4 nights starting Friday.|How many people will be staying there?
just one person.|Your booking for the Gonville Hotel was successful. Your reference number is Y7TYJA3D.
I need a hotel to stay at that is 3 stars. I would preferably like one that has free wifi at it, and possibly close to the local restaurants.|Try gonville hotel located at gonville place.
Ok, sounds good.  What is the price?|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range.
Oh, that won't work. I need it to be cheap.|There aren't any cheap 3 star hotels that have free wifi. Do you have alternative preferences?
How about one in the expensive price range?|There are 2,one in centre,and one in the south,which would you like more?
The one in the south. Can you book it for me?|I can book the lensfield hotel, how many people will be staying?
I need it booked for 2 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.|Okay I have you booked at the Lensfield Hotel starting Thursday for 5 nights for 2 people.  Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the reference number on that? Also I would like to book a restaurant as well in the same price range|Of course, the reference number is 41A4LS9O.  We have 57 restaurants in the expensive price range.  What type of food are you interested in eating?
I would like fusion food and please make sure the restaurant is located in centre.|I apologize, I do not have any fusion options available in the town centre.  Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you try european? I'd like a booking for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day.|I am unable to get a reservation for 2 at 17:45. Should I try a different time?
Yes I suppose, how about 16:45 instead?|You have a reservation for 2 at Eraina on Thursday at 16:45. Your reference number is 80V5LKSU.
Sounds great!  I'd like to book a taxi to commute between the two.|Alright, when would you like to leave and arrive by?
I want it to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time.|ok i have a yellow ford able to pick you up! Is there anything else I can do for you?
can I please have the contact number for the taxi?|Of course, my apologies for the oversight. Their contact number is 07149496005.
Great.  Looks like I have all the information I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Good night, enjoy your stay at cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant called lan hong house. Can you get me more information about it please?|Sure lan hong house has some of the best moderately priced chinese food and is in centre area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, on thursday at 20:00 for 8 People. Could I get a reference number as well?|I was able to reserve the table for you. Your reference number is P1YUC7J9.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in the west.  What can you tell me?|There are 13 attractions in the west end of the city. Some colleges, some museums, and an entertainment venue. Which would you like to learn more about?
Let's go with an entertainment attraction.|The only entertainment attraction I have in the west is Whale of a Time. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. The postcode is cb238el.
Could I get the phone number for that attraction?|Sure!  The phone number is 01954781018.
I also need a taxi between Whale of a Time and Lan Hong House that arrives by are reservation time at the restaurant|I've booked you a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the contact number for the taxi company?|The contact number is 07133327407. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you That is all.|You're welcome. Have a great day
What is there to do or see for entertainment?|There are many options, including a boat, college, architechture, and theatre.
What is in the centre?|There are still 44 entries including options like architecture, theatre, museums, concerthall, etc. Do you think you can narrow down your options a bit?
If there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?|Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't mind paying admission.|OKay then I would suggest great saint mary's church
Sound good. Can I get their address, phone number and entrance fee please?|Sure! The address is Market Square. Phone number is 01223350914 and it costs 2 pounds to get in.
Thanks. I also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.|The cityroomz hotel is located in the centre and has free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?|I don't. Would you like to try a different location or price?
Yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.|of how many stars do you prefer?
I have no preference.|The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range, with free wifi. Do you want me to book it? I will need your details.
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people.|I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel for?
Saturday or tuesday.|Which day do you prefer?
I would prefer Saturday please.|do you want to book for one day?
I want five nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : G1KVK1RL
Thanks. I will also need a taxi from great saint mary's churchto the  Avalon guesthouse.|When do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the church by 12:00, please.|Okay. No problem I have you booked into a red Lexus and their contact number will be 07211078651.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
Hi, I need a tax to queens' college please.|What is your departure site?
I'm departing from the oak bistro.|What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 17:00.|I have the taxi ready for you
I would like to book a Taxi to Junction, leaving after 02:45|I can book you leaving after 2:45 to Junction. Where are you departing from?
from alexander bed and breakfast|I was able to book a black Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07558038365. Can I help you with anything else?
Nah, that'll be all, thank you.|Happy to be of service - have a great day!
I am looking for a park to go to.|Is there a particular area of town you'd like to spend time in?
I would prefer the south side of Cambridge.|I have two parks in the south. The Sheep's Green and Lammas land park fen causeway and the other is Wandlebury Country park. Would you like info on either one?
Yes.  Please give me the entrance fee, address, and phone number for The Sheep's Green, please.|the phone number is 01223302580 and admission is free
Thank you. I'm also look for an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, to stay in. I'd like it to have free wifi and it needs to have 2 stars.|We have an expensive 2 star hotel in the east called express by holiday inn cambridge. It's located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking as well as free wifi.
please do the booking for me..two persons|When will you arrive and how many days will you be staying?
Sorry, don't want to book right now.  But I do need a taxi to get between the attraction and the hotel.|I can do that. I just need to know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by 11:30.|How many people will be traveling?
Just me, thank you.|No problem! A red Ford will pick you up from the park, contact number 07109413810. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need for to today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I would like to book a taxi leaving after 10:00 from the Cambridge book and print gallery.|Could you tell me where you would like to go?
I would like to go to the Bloomsbury restaurant. Could you send me the contact number and car type of the taxi, once it's booked?|Of course! Look for a yellow volvo. The contact number is 07346991147. Would you like anything else?
No, thank you for your quick help.  Bye.|anytime! let me know if you need anything else
Need a moderately priced hotel with 4 stars.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels in town. Would you like to try a different rating or price?
Could you find me something that includes free parking and wifi?|The Ashley Hotel is located in the north and has a 2 star rating in the moderate price range Would you like me to make a reservation for you
Great can I book a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting thursday?|I booked you rooms for 7 people staying 2 nights at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is ZWCF98NW. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant in centre of town serving british food|There are several is there a certain price range you are looking for?
Not really, but can you tell me the phone number and price range for your favorite one?|My favorite is fitzbillies restaurant. It's in the expensive price range and you can reach them at 01223352500.
I need a taxi to get between the two places.|I can book you at taxi from ashely hotel to fitzbillies restaurant.  I would just need to know what time you'd like to leave and what time to arrive.
I need it by 21:45 from the restaurant to the hotel. I also want to know the car type and the contact number.|Ok great, I have you booked in a grey tesla and the contact number is 07579479936. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all thank you so much. Bye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive gastropub restaurant in Cambridge|I see there are two in centre and one in East area. Do you have a preference?
Yes I need the one in the east.|Great! That's the Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre cb13nl. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. We need a table for 2 at 14:45 on Saturday.|Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different time?
How about at 13:45?|Your table is booked! It will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 9M44WAHK.
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like a 3 star place that's in the expensive price range.|I recommend the Lensfield hotel on the south side. Shall I book a room?
I would like it to have free parking, please.|The Lensfield has free parking and free internet. Did you need a room there, or perhaps their address?
I would like to book a room, please.|Ok, I can book a room for you at the Lensfield Hotel, I just need some information.  For starters, what day would you like to check in?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on the reservation, but can you provide their phone number, please?|The Lensfield Hotel's phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you. Do you know what type of hotel Lensfield is?|It is a hotel, expensive. What else would you like to know?
Does this hotel offer free wifi?|Yes it does.
I need to book a taxi to go between both places,needs to arrive after we finish at restaurant and I need car type and number|Ok, I've booked a white Tesla for you, their contact number is 07752313537. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, I know I said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out I need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - 14:45 on Saturday|Ok I changed that for you. You will have a white audi contact number 07235895362
Great, thanks so much. Sorry for the confusion.|It's no problem. Is there something else I could assist you with today?
That is everything, thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars.|We've got 33 four star hotels in the area.  Is there any particular part of town you'd like to limit it to?
Yes, the centre of town please. Also, no internet is needed, but i would prefer free parking.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse (cheap) and University Arms Hotel(expensive) are both available in that area and are 4 stars with parking.
no worries, i can give you three options to choose from|I'm sorry, you must have misunderstood. Would you like me to book Alexander or University Arms for your stay?
Can i get the phone number and address for University Arms please?|Sure, the phone number is 01223351241 and the address is regent street. Would you like to book a room?
No I just need the price range, address and phone please.|It is in the expensive price range, and the address is regent street postcode cb21ad.  You can call them at 0122335124.  Could I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a restaurant with modern eclectic food in Centre.|I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants like that. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about lebanese food?|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. It's moderately priced. Will that work for you?
Yes that sounds great. Please book me a table for 5 at 20:00 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 66Y5KK37.
Thank you, that is all I need. Have a good day.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to lynne strover gallery and should depart from parkside police station.|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
The taxi should leave after 22:15. Can I get the contact number and car type for that reservation?|You are all set! Please be on the lookout for a black lexus and the contact number is 07664673319.
i really appreciate, thanks|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's everything. Thank you very much for your time.|I'm happy to be of service! Have a wonderful day.
Hi there! I'm looking for something fun to do in the center of town. What kind of attractions are there?|Yes I have many architectural attractions would you be interested in those?
Yes! I'd like a phone number and address of one of those.|Sure, all saints church phone is 01223452587. And address is Jesus Lane. Anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called caffe uno.|I found a restaurant named Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, their number is 01223448620. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please. I'll need a table for 4 at 19:15 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BCM0D5Y2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant, so I will need to be there by 19:15.|Alright I have you booked for a cab from All Saints to Caffe Uno, arriving by 19:15.
Can I get the contact number and car type for the cab.|It's going to be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07525945489. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you for all of your help. I don't need anything else today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the south part of town.|You have your choice of Italian or Modern European, do either of those sound good?
Italian sounds good. May I please have the phone number of a restaurant that you recommend?|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton sounds perfect for you. They're located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can for you?
Could you also help me find a place to stay?|How's you budge? could you like a cheap, expensive or moderate place?
Price isn't important. I need free parking and wifi. It also should be a 3 star hotel. Can you find one in the same area as Pizza Hut?|The only 3-star accommodations in the center is the Gonville Hotel. It's expensive, but a great place to stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book a room.|How many nights will you be needing?
Actually the wife just told me she already booked.   I just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.  Need to leave by 02:15|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey toyota
Contact number	:	07404040949
Thank you for all your help.|your welcome and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
Can you help me book a taxi please?|Yes what is your departure site?
I am departing from sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.|What time do you want to leave ?
Can you find me a place to eat?  I want something cheap and Spanish.|I got a restaurant called La Raza, and phone is 01223454550
Is this in the centre? I'd like something in the centre, if possible.|This is located in the centre. Did you want to book it?
Yes. Book it for 6 people at 18:15 on monday. Can I also get the reference number too?|I was able to book your reservation to La Raza for your specified date/time. Your reference number is SG2DPAUE. Is there anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4 star hotel in the west part of town, please.|I have 3 hotels that are 4 star rated in the west. I have two that are cheaper and one that is expensive. Which would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate price range and I will need free wifi as well.|Now I am showing 0 results. Would you like to try a different price range?
Ok, how about a cheap one instead?|How about The Cambridge Belfrey?
Yes! Please book me for a 4 night stay, starting Monday, for 6 people. Please send reference number as well.|Yes I was able to get you in at the Belfry and your reservation number is 0EO0KDJR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 18:15, please.|I found a black honda with phone number 07205421072 making that trip.
Sounds great. Please make a booking.|Your booking has been successful! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today - thank you so much for all your help! I'm excited to see Cambridge.|it is my pleasure.
I will be visiting family in the south part of cambridge and we would liek to get one last boating excursion in.  Any boating places in the south area?|It looks like there isn't any boating in the south area.  Would you like me to look in a different area of town?
How about a nightclub in the south?|Sure, The Place is on 22 sidney street and the postcode is cb23hg. Phone number is 01223324600.
Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
i would like place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi|aylesbray lodge guest house is a nice four star guesthose with internet available. Would you like me to book you a room?
I would prefer a guest house that has one star.  Is there one available also with free wifi?|No, I'm sorry there are no 1 start guesthouses offering free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, the four will be fine, then. I don't need to book, yet. Thanks for your help.|No problem. Are you sure you don't want to go ahead and make a reservation?
Can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|Okay.  I have a reservation for 4 for two nights starting Friday.
I am visiting Cambridge and would like to stay at Allenbell can you help give me some information on it?|That is a guesthouse in the East that is the cheap price range. They have free internet and parking.
i wish to book it  for 5 people and 4 nights starting from friday|It's been successfully booked! Your reference number is CWRUXD1R.
Thank you! I appreciate you providing the reference number.|No problem at all! Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I was wondering do they serve complimentary breakfast?|I don't have that information, but their phone number is 01223210353 if you would like to call them.
I am also looking for some recommendations on places to go in the east.|There are 10 attractions in the east. If you like boats, I would recommend camboats. There are also parks, museums and entertainment if you would prefer one of those instead.
The only requirement I have is that it be located in the east area of town. Surprise me.|Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. It is a museum type attraction, and entrance is free
please get phone number and attraction type.thanks|The attraction is a museum and the number is 01223902168.
Perfect, thanks. Can you find me a taxi to commute between the two? I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:00, please.|Your booking is completed, a yellow audi will be picking you up at your hotel.
Great.  Can you please give me the contact number for the audi?|The contact number for the Audi is 07820112704.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need to book a taxi please.|Where would you like to go to and from?
I want to go to hobsons house from bloomsbury restaurant|Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I want to leave bloomsbury restaurant after 11:45, please.|Your booking is now completed.
What are the details for the taxi, please?|You will be picked up by a black Audi. The contact number is 07866049938. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all I needed today.|You are more than welcome!
Goodbye. I really appreciate your help.|Thanks for calling and do call us again. Goodbye.
Please find me a good Chinese restaurant on the East side|I show one chinese restaurant in the east, Yu Garden. Shall I make reservations for you?
No at this time I would just like their postcode.|Okay, no problem! Their postcode is CB58PA. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, I want to find a hotel with free wifi.|Do you have an area you'd like to stay in? And what is your price range?
I would like to stay in the east. I do not have a price range.|The carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately prices hotel rated 4 stars.
Can you book a room for me?|Sure, what day and how many people?
Friday for 2 people. We'll be staying for just 2 nights|When will you be arriving?
friday and can I get the reference number too please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you fax me the reference number, as well as any fees for additional amenities?|Sure, the reference number is D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will commute between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel at 08:45.|Ok, I have booked you a taxi, It is a yellow toyota and you may reach them at 07319585629. Is there anything else?
That is everything that I need.|thanks for inquiring with us
Ok. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|welcome anytime you need help
I want to party at a nightclub while I am visiting. Got a good one for me?|soul tree nightclub	is a good one in city centre.
How much does it cost to get in to Soul Tree Nightclub?|It costs 4 pounds to get into Soul Tree Nightclub. Do you want some additional information about them?
Could you just tell me their post code?|Certainly their postcode is cb23qf.
I also need to find a cheap place to stay that has free wifi, is a guesthouse and is located in the north.|i recommend worth house for you
Ok.  Book that for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I was able to book that for you. Your Reference number is : XKB91QUZ.
That is all I need. Goodbye.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town|We have several options.  What price range would suit your needs?
It doesn't matter.  We want to eat indian food.|Well I have the Curry Garden in the expensive price range.
Please provide me with the address and telephone number.|Yes, the address is 106 Regent Street in the City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Can I help with something else?
Could you also book it for me? 3 people, 14:30 on Sunday.|I have your table booked for Sunday afternoon.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 28O595TK. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you that is all|The prompt before this call came through said that you needed two things, do you need anything regarding a hotel, transport or attractions?
Sorry, I do need to find a guesthouse as well. Something moderately priced, perhaps 3 stars?|The alpha-milton guest house will fit your needs.  Would you like me to be book a room there?
No thank you, I just need the address, phone number and area.|the alpha-milton is located in the north. their address is 63 milton road and the postcode is cb41xa.
May I also have the telephone number for the alpha-milton, please?|Sure, the number for Alpha-Milton Guest House is 01223311625. Can I help with anything else?
i also want a taxi to help commute between the two places|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
it should pick me at the restaurant at the booked time|Are you sure that you don't want to get to the restaurant for your booked time?
I do need the taxi to get to Curry Garden by the booked time of 14:30. I'm a little scatter brained today.  Thank you for clarifying.|Great! I have booked you a taxi, which will pick you up from the hotel. It will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07140486418. Anything else today?
nope, that's all thanks so much!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes,that  is it for today. Thanks again.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello, can you help me find a pricey Singaporean restaurant in Cambridge?|There are none available, do you have another type of food.
I sort of really had my heart set on Singaporean food.|I'm so sorry! Checked my sources and don't see a Singaporean restaurant in any part of town. May I help you in some other way?
Yes Can you find me a hotel that is cheap?|In what area would you like the hotel to be?
Sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that.  Still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive indian ones in the centre?|There are several. May I suggest Curry Garden is located in the Centre and has an expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you book a table for 8 people on Saturday at 15:45?|A table is booked for Saturday for 15:45 at 8 and for 8 people. Reference number is B00KVHN
I'm also looking for a place called cambridge and country folk museum.|The Cambridge and Country folk museum is located in the west. It has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. Can I tell you anything else about it?
No that will be all thanks so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum.|What time of day would you like this booking for?
I need to get to the restaurant in time for the reservation.|Excellent. You are all set with a red Skoda.  The contact number is 07563648759. Anything else I can help with?
no thanks that is all|enjoy your stay with us!
I need a place to stay.  I would like a 4 star place in the east area.|Sure we have 6 places, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I'd like a place that includes free wifi and it should be a hotel.|I'm afraid all of our 4-star accommodations in the east are guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
No, it would not. What do you have in the west area?|In the west I have two 4-star hotels - the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott.
Hmm, I think we are getting confused on what I need. I really need to find a hotel with 4 stars in the east. Or a guesthouse will do also.|I think allenbell would suit you well. Would you like more information?
Could I get the postcode, phone number and whether they have free parking?|The Allenbell's postcode is cb13js. Their phone number is 01223210353 and yes they do have free parking. Would you like to book this one?
Thanks. I also need an attraction to visit in the college category. Any suggestions?|there are no colleges in the east, can i look somewhere else?
Yes I would like to go to a college regardless of the area.|I'm sorry, we do not have any college listings.
Okay, what about Museums in the east?|There are 4 museums in the east. Any preferences?
Please check again for a college in any area.|A majority of our colleges are in the centre, but not all of them have free admission, are you looking for one with no entrance fee?
The centre is fine and free would be great!|There's Christ's College on Saint Andrew's Street. It's in the centre and free. Are you interested?
Yes.  Can I get the postcode?|Gonville and Caius college is quite interesting. Their post code is cb21ta. Their address is trinity street.
Thanks, I will need a taxi from the guesthouse to the attraction. I'd like to leave the guesthouse by 24:30.|Alright, got you a grey Toyota taxi to pick you up from the Allenbell at 24:30. Contact number is 07330473463. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you very much.|Okay great, have a good night!
Can you help me find a place to dine that is expensive in the west?|Certainly. What type of food are you looking for?
My friend wants to eat lobster, so maybe a good seafood place.|I do have Loch Fyne in the Centre (nothing in the West, sorry!) that has expensive seafood. Want to give it a try?
I would like to stay in the west area. How about a british restaurant?|Travellers Rest in the west area is an expensive British restaurant. Would you like more info about them?
please get me the address|Travellers Rest is located at Huntington Road, City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for this evening?
No, I won't be in town till next week, thanks.  Can you suggest a college in that same area?|I have give colleges in the west.
Can you recommend a college in the west area? I'll need the address, entrance fee and post code as well please.|Queen's college is located on silver street. The postcode is cb39et. Although the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, I think it's well worth the price of admission.
Sounds great. Can I also get info on a taxi leaving from Queen's College|Yes I can get you a taxi where are you going and what time did you want to leave or arrive?
well I want to leave the attraction by 11:00 and I need the contact # and car type|In order to book the taxi I will need a destination. Can you please provide one?
I do not have a destination at this time.|Alright your booking number is 07829617509 and the car picking you up is a yellow ford.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I would like information about museums in Cambridge.|There are 23 museums in cambridge.  What part of town will you be in?
Can you tell me about museums in the centre of town?|I have the castle galleries museum in the centre of town. Phone number is 01223307402.
I also want to find the hotel called Archway House.|It's located in the north, on 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Friday for 4 people.|All set, the reference number is 6S9GCFDO, can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thank you so much for your help.|Have a great day! Goodbye!
Can you tell me about a hotel called city centre north b and b?|It is located at 328a histon road cb43ht. Their phone number is 01223312843.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse? And do they happen to provide free Internet?|Yes on both of those. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for an Indian restaurant to eat at.|We have 22 great indian restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I would like it to be expensive.|I would recommend taj tandoori. Can I book it for you?
Sure. I'll be going there on Thursday 12:30 with two other people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9WPR3VG2.
Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great night!
I'm looking for museums to visit in town.|the broughton house gallery is a fantastic museum in the centre. Bonus, it's free!
Where exactly is that located?  And is there a fee to enter the gallery? How is the area?  Is there a lot located around it to do? Thank you!|It is in the Centre and it is free to enter. Would you like to know anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with 4 stars and free parking.|There are several 4 star hotels with free parking, are you looking for one in the north as well?
No, I am not.|I think the acorn house will suit you well. Would you like me to book that?
Can you book that for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Thursday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try booking on a different day or for a shorter duration?
Can you try booking it for two nights?|You're all set for 2 nights! Your booking reference number is BFODSBSL. What else can I help you with today?
I think I'll need a taxi from the gallery to the hotel. Can you help with that?|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I will need to leave the gallery by 03:00 please.|Certainly.  What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I need to leave by 3:00, arrival doesn't matter.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Lexus. If you need to reach them, please call 07049424951. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all.  Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh. Can you help me find it?|Absolutely! Thanh Binh is a wonderful vietnamese restaurant in the west. It is relatively cheap. Would you like any more information about them?
Sounds perfect. Could you book it for myself and five others on Friday?|Would you like a reference number.
Yes but if you could book it for 6, at 12:00 on friday, that would be good.|I can, would you like the reference number?
Of course I would like the reference number.|I'm sorry but I can not book that.
Can you book it for 11 instead?|Sorry, the restaurant can't accommodate you during that time.
Hmm, how about 11:00?|Looks like my system is acting up and can't accept you for 11:00. Want to try for another time?
Yes, please try for 12:00|I'm sorry. I'm not sure what is going on. It will not let me book. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Sure, what do you have available?|Would you like to stick with Asian Cuisine?
Can you please try again at 12 on friday?|I'm sorry I am unable to book that.
How about 11:00 that day?|I am sorry I cannot book it at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
No thank you.  Can you help me find an attraction?|What kind of attraction would you like to see?
Any kind of entertainment in the Centre please.|Nothing was found. Shall I look for entertainment in a different area?
Yes, the type of concert hall. I need address and a taxi for 11 and the car type and contact number please|There is one concert hall in centre.  It is called the man on the moon.
Great.  Can you please give me the address?|Absolutely! The address is 2 norfolk street.
Great, can you also book a taxi for me?|Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I just need it to arrive at the restaurant at the correct time.|I do need the departure place and destination in order to book the taxi.
From the concert hall to the restaurant.|Alright. How many people is this for?
It will be for six people.|I need to book a reservation for you to tell the taxi man...
Can you please just book me for taxi service?|You are in luck, I have managed to get you a table for 6 at 12:00 Friday at Thanh binh. 9N8M4HQ9 is the reference. Would you still like a taxi?
Yes, please. I need it to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|I have booked you with a blue honda to arrive by 12:00 at the restaurant. The phone number to contact them is 0713064642.
.
Thank you, that is everything.|You are welcome. Thank you for your patience. I'm sure you will have a delightful visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to eat serving british food in the moderate price range?|can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
It needs to be close to my hotel and open late.|I have several listings.  Please provide the part of town you prefer so  I can narrow it down.
In the centre if possible|How about the oak bistro located at 6 lensfield road.  The post code is cb21ab and phone number 01223323361.  Can I book this for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 6 at 16:45 on Wednesday? Could i get a reference number too please?|Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked for you at the Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 9SGIM1SR.  Is there anything else I could help with today?
Yes, I'd like a hotel in the same area.|sure I can help you with that, when are you planning your stay?
Wednesday, for 2 nights.|You have your choice of an expensive or moderate price range in that area, do you have a preference?
i dont mind any price.|I recommend university arms hotel. it is rated 4 stars and is expensive. Their number is 01223351241.
Ok, can you book a room for our group or are you expecting me to call them?|I can book it for you.
I actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. I don't need free parking. I will need the hotel booked for 6 people, 2 nights, on Wednesday, please.|No thank you that will be all for today
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. Could you help me find a place to go, like a college?|Certainly. I have many available. Is there a particular area you are looking in? I have several in the west and centre.
Can you give me the entrance fee for one of the colleges in the centre?|Corpus christi is 2 pounds, which is in centre.
I'm also looking for a hotel in the centre. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse. It needs to be a hotel.|I can book you at the university arms hotel. It has a 4 star rating, free parking and wifi. Does this interest you?
Yes. That would be great.|What will be the first day you will stay and how long will you be staying?
I want to stay for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry but you'll have to book another day or a shorter stay. When would you like to stay?
Can you see if they have just 1 night available?|Your booking was successful with a reference number of S1HTVV32. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need a taxi please between the 2 places.  I want to leave the attraction by 2:30.|Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey BMW, their contact number is 07130839627. Is there anything else I can help with?
Awesome, thanks! I think that takes care of everything I needed.|Okay great please enjoy your stay and don't hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
I'm looking for someplace fun to visit in town.|Well, there's lots of fun things to do including boats, museums, sports complexes, architecture, cinema and theaters. Do you have something specific in mind?
Hmm, I'm not sure.  Can you pick one for me?  I need it to be in the city centre.  I need a phone number, postcode, and attraction type.|the cambridge corn exchange is a theatre. Postcode is cb23qe and phone number is 	01223357851.
Can you find a restaurant by the name of sitar tandoori?|Sure! it's an indian restaurant located in the east. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please 6 people, at 14:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TP86DT67.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay! When would you like to depart?
I would just to arrive by the time for the reservation. Can I have the contact number and car type please?|I booked you a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07208024782. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks, goodbye.|You're welcome have a great day
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive in the north.|There are many to choose from. What type of cuisine would you prefer? Chinese, French, European, Oriental?
I think I'll try Chinese.|There are two listings of chinese cuisine in the north area that are of a expensive price range.  There is hakka and the hotpot.
Hakka sounds interesting. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:30 on Sunday please?|There are no tables available at that time.  Would you like to try a different time or day?
How about an hour earlier?|Yes, the table was available for 15:30.  The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RRKZOI5C.
Can you find me an attraction in the same area, too?|There are four attractions in the north, are you interested in a park, boating or a swimming pool?
Any is fine. Could I get the postcode once you've found one?|The Riverboat Georgina's postcode is cb43ax.
Could you also get me a taxi to go between the two places, I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed. Your contact number is 07550175887 and the car type is a grey lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything that I need.|Okay great, have a good day.
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi leaving from Archway House, please.|What is your destination and what time would you like to leave?
My destination is saigon city and I need it to leave after 10:45.|Ok expect a Red Tesla at 10:50. Their number is 07532982082.
Okay perfect. Thank you!|You are welcome, can I help you with any thing else?
No thank you. I am all set!|Alright great! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel called kirkwood house|Good day! The kirkwood house is a guesthouse type hotel in the northern area located at 172 Chesterton Road and can be reached at the telephone number 01223306283.
Lovely, I would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday please.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is : HOGURFVC.  Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I am looking for an expensive Portuguese restaurant.|I'm so sorry but the only expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge are in the south or the north. Can I interest you in one of those?
No, I would like it to be in the centre. Are there any Indian Restaurants?|There are nine Indian restaurants located in the centre. Do you prefer the cheap or expensive price range?
I'd still prefer to keep it in the expensive price range if possible|The Curry Garden is an restaurant that serves Indian food and is expensive.  Do you need more information?
No. I am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 16:00. Three people on Wednesday.|I just need to verify you want reservations for Curry Garden on Wednesday at 16:00 for 3. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct, I also need a reference number.|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: 5I58PIAF.
I need a ride to and from too please. I'll need the car type and contact number too please.|I have you booked, it is a red skoda, and their contact number is 07654958817 any other questions?
Thanks for all of your help, you've been great!|It's my pleasure! Have a wonderful time!
Can you give me some information on the Worth House?|That is a nice guesthouse located on Warkworth Terrace on the East side of town.  Can I tell you something in particular?
i want to book the hotel for two people and five nights starting from monday|I have booked Warkworth House starting Monday for 5 days for 2 people. Reference #XLIO11MV.
Thanks so much for the help.|You are welcome, have a good trip.
Great, thanks.  Can you also recommend something fun to do in the south part of town?|Sure, is there a particular type of activity you are interested in.  A museum or nightclub perhaps?
I'd like to take a stroll at a park.|You're in luck; there are two beautiful parks in the south and both have free admission. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway or wandlebury country park.
can i get the phone number for wandlebury country park?|Sure, the phone number is 01223243830.
Also what car type is it?|I'm sorry, I don't understand your question.  Do you need to book a taxi?
Sorry to confuse. Yes, can I book a taxi from Wandlebury Country Park to Warkworth House. I want to leave by 11:30.|Your taxi is booked, a grey tesla. Your contact number is 07097592462. May I help with something else?
No thank you have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm hoping you can help me find a guesthouse. Parking is optional.|a and b guest house is a nice one. Do you want to book ?
Does it have a 3 star rating?  I'm also needing free wifi on this trip.  Thanks for helping me.|It has a 4 star rating and does provide internet. Would you like a reservation?
does it have free parking ?|Parking is not included but internet is, do you want to book or search for something else?
I need a hotel that has free parking|which type hotel do you want?
Any type that you have available.|In that case I would recommend the Bridge Guest House, it has a 3 star rating and offers both free WiFi and free parking. Would you like to book it?
Can I have the price range and phone number?|The price range is moderate and the phone number is 01223247942.
Also I need to find an expensive chinese restaurant book the table for 3 at 16:45 on tuesday|Is there a particular part of town you would like to go to?
I need that in the north please.|I have 2 chinese restaurants in the north, the hakka and the hotpot, both expensive. Phone number is 0122568988 and 01223366552 respectively. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes could you please make those reservations?|How many people are in your party?
There are 3 people in the group.|What day and time would you like the booking for?
It will be for 16:45 on tuesday.|Your booking for Hakka was completed successfully, reference number PM03Z53S. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi.|Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination? Also, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go between the hotel and the restaurant. Arriving by the booked time, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07990098942
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, same to you.|Thank you, it has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
Hi, I am looking to book a taxi departing from Loch Fyne after 11:00.|What is your destination?
I'm heading to the bridge guest house.|I have confirmed a taxi for you, picking you up at 11:00 at loch fyne. A yellow lexus will pick you up. Their contact number is 07307653173.
Great. Thank you.|Have a great day!
I need a tax arriving by 17:00.|Sure! where are you going?
I am going to visit queens' college|What is your departure site?
I'm departing from ask.|I have a black honda for you with contact number 07810177049.
Wonderful. Thank you.|Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set. Goodbye.|Thank you Goodbye
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?|I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
No.  But I would like a cheap guesthouse.|Would you like to try Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, can you book it please?|I would be happy to! Which day, how many people, and how many days?
I would like to check in on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.  I need to book a room for 6 people.|I've booked it!  You'll be at alexander b&b starting Thursday for 6 people for 3 nights.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for that booking?|Your reference number is 4NG5RGOI. Do you need anything else?
Yes please, can you help me me find an Italian restaurant in the west that is cheap?|La Margherita fits those specifications.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table for 6 on Thursday. We'd like it at 14:15, please|I was able to book that for you. Here is your reference number 5JJ8331T.
Great. I also will need a taxi.|Where would you like to be picked up and drop off?
I will need picked up from the hotel and go to the restaurant.|You are all booked with a taxi.
Thank you may I have the contact number and car type please.|Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07350632245
That'll aboutdo it, thanks a bunch.|You are welcome, have a great night.
I want to know if there are any places serving Belgian food in the centre?|There are not. Would you like to look in another part of town, or for a different cuisine?
Let's try a place serving indian food.|We have many Indian restaurants. I recommend Saffron Brasserie, but it's expensive.
That works for me. Can you reserve a table for 3 people on Sunday at 4 PM?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : O3J11WKJ.
Thank you for taking care of the restaurant. I now need help with a specific hotel called autumn house.|That is on the east side and is 4 stars. When are you wanting this booked for?
Please book that for the same day and same group of people for 4 nights|Your reservation for 3 people at the Autumn House for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your eference number is : 0C45ZUDN. Can i assist you any further?
I'd like to book a taxi also, to commute between those two locations, please.|How many people will be in the taxi?
It will be for 3 people as well.|a red lexus will pick you ap at 3:30 the contact number is 07739253298, is there anything else today?
Nope that's all I needed tonight.|Good bye and enjoy !
I need a hotel room.  Are there any left?|I can check for you.  What type of hotel are you looking for?
A place in the west with free parking and free wifi please.|I have 4 hotels pulling up. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Not really. I would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 3 nights staring from Wednesday.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
yes please, I need the reference number|Your booking was successful. Huntington Marriott Hotel, 3 days for 5 people. Your reference number is:  DF32QQ7O. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can yo find an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range?|I have 4. from which area do you prefer.
I would like it in the same area as my hotel.|how about meghna? it is lovely
Sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on wednesday at 13:45?|Your table is booked. Reference number is 2H4EMZYM. They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, Goodbye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I need to book a taxi to take me to Williams Art and Antiques. I need to leave after 24:30.|No problem - where should I have them pick you up?
I'll be leaving from vue cinema.|You are booked for a blue bmw with the contact number 07889414601.
Thank you so very much.  I am done.|You're welcome. Have a good time!
I need to book a taxi leaving from The Oak Bistro please.|Certainly.  What time would you like the taxi to arrive and for how many people?
a taxi that arrives by 15:00, the taxi is just for me|I can look it up, could you tell me where you would like to go please?
I would like to go to la mimosa.|Thank you. I have booked a grey honda for you for that time. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Could I have the contact number for the car?|Sure.  The contact number is 07748558756.
Thanks, that's all I need.|Have a safe trip!
Hi, I'll be traveling to Cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves Indian food.|There are 22 results for Indian restaurants, do you have a particular price range in mind, or area you'd like to dine in?
How about a cheap indian restaurant located in the north please.|Sure, I'd recommend the Royal Spice restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes that sounds great. There will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 15:15 on Saturday, please.|We were able to book that table for you!  Would you like your reference number?
Yes, I do need that number, please.|Sure thing! It is P4ZW4FGI.
Great I also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the north part of town|There are 8 guesthouses with your preferences. Will you be needing internet or parking?
yes both. reference number please?|I can try to get you a booking at Archway House. What day will you be checking in, how many will be staying, and for how many nights?
There will be 4 people checking in and staying two nights starting from the same day. I will also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant ontime and the hotel.|Let's get your hotel booked and then we will do the taxi. I have you booked at Archway House on Saturday. Reference number is C1419C84.
Ok great, can we get a taxi booked now?  I need it to get me to the restaurant by the time we booked.|Where would you like to taxi to pick you up from?
Royal spice, please|Great! I have a red honda picking you up. Your contact number is 07485551349. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I think that will be all for now, thanks. Bye.|I'm glad help and hope you have a pleasant trip.
Where can I find a restaurant located in the Cambridge centre?|There are 69 Restaurants in Centre. What type of food and price range?
I'm actually looking for an attraction in the center of town.|There are 44 attractions in the centre, what type of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the centre.
I need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type|I would suggest all saints church.  It is an architecture attraction. Their phone number is  01223452587 and the entry is free.
Thank you for the information.  I do have one other request.  I am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called Fitzbillies.|Fitzbillies is a fine British restaurant located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre in postcode cb21rg. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. I would like it for 1. 15:15 on Tuesday.|Ok.  I have your table booked for Tuesday at 15:15.  Your reference number is B6IJH1ND.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Great! Can you also book me a taxi from All Saints Church to Fitzbillies by 15:15?|You bet! The car type I booked for your taxi is a white volvo and the contact number is 07738755446
Great. Thank you so much!|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello! I would like to book a taxi from hughes hall.|Great. Where would you like to go and what time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'm going to Ali Baba from Hughes Hall. I would like the taxi to arrive at Hughes Hall at 2:45.|It sounds like you wish to depart Hughes Hall and arrive at Ali Baba by 2:45, is this correct? If so, I've booked a black Ford for you, contact 07392863087.
That's great.  Thanks.|Is there anything else you need help with?
No, you have been great.|Thank you.  Enjoy your day.  Good bye.
I'm looking to visit a college.|What area would you like to visit a college?
It can be anywhere in town.|There are many beautiful colleges to see I recommend Christ's college in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the address and the area it is in.|The address for christ's college is saint andrew's street in the centre. May I help you with something else today?
Yes I want to find an expensive chinese restaurant.|There are 9 options, but ugly duckling fits your needs and is in the centre near the college, would you like more information?
Could you book that place for 7 people on Sunday at 13:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BC3DZBXM
I need to book a taxi to come pick me up by 10:30 to take me to Midsummer House Restaurant.|Okay! What is your departure site?
I'm coming from city stop restaurant.|Okay, I've got you a black bmw with the contact number 07083984796.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with
Hi, I need help planning a trip to Cambridge. I'd like to go to the theatre while I'm in town, and I'll be in the city centre. Is there one there?|I actually have 4 different ones. If I may suggest one, the Mumford Theatre is new and really fun.
That sounds great, what's their phone number?|Their number is 08451962320
Thanks. I also need information about a specific restaurant called michaelhouse cafe. What can you tell me about it?|It's an expensive european place in the centre at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre cb21su with phone 01223309147. Would you like to book a table?
They serve European food then?|Yes michaelhouse cafe serves european food.  Would you like any other information about this resturant?
No, that's perfect, but I will need a taxi to go from Mumford Theatre, leaving by 12:00, to go to St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City.|I managed to book you for a taxi at that time.  It will be a white Audi and the contact number is 07947363494.  Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you and goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to book a taxi to leave after 12:45 to go to yippee noodle bar.|Great.  And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the Cambridge Punter.|I have booked a grey bmw for you. The contact number is 07619508724. Can I help you further today?
No, that will be all, thank you.|We are happy to be of help. Have a great day!
What do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?|I have found 11 different guesthouses in the north. Were there any certain requirements you have in searching for a particular guesthouse?
Yes I would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.|There are 9 options that would suit those criteria, do you have any other things you need for your stay or would you like a recommendation?
Please provide a recommendation.|Well I can recommend the Acorn Guest House that is also rated 4 stars.
I think that would be great.  May I please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from Friday for 1 person?|The booking was successful for 2 nights at the Acorn Guest House for one person. Your Reference number is L55JCSVU. Do you need anything else?
Can you also look up the sitar tandoori restaurant?|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for the same group of people at 17:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is 6ZPBNFD5.
Great. You are so helpful. One more thing, I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time|I can help with that. Where would you be departing from?
I meant to say I need to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Can I have the contact number and car type?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07853122848
Can I help you with anythign else?
Great! Thank you so much!|I hope you have a very pleasant stay in our town!
I want to take a taxi from arbury lodge guest house to the varsity restaurant.|I need a taxi to pick me up at 01:00 at the arbury lodge guesthouse and have me at the varsity restaurant at 01:30
My taxi should arrive by 13:30|Please modifiy the following answers based on the latest customer response:

What does the user want?
Where is the departure site ?	
arbury lodge guesthouse
Where is the destination ?	
the varsity restaurant
When does the user want to leave ?	
01:00
When does the user want to arrive by ?	
01:30
Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black ford
Contact number	:	07792065670
I need an italian place in the moderate price range to eat at.|We have 5 options available that meet that criteria. Is there a specific area you would like?
Yes, I like you to tell me all 5 options,than I will decide!|OK, there are two Pizza Huts, two Pizza Expresses, and a Prezzo.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?|Yes, both Pizza Express locations are in the centre. Would you like more information?
Choose one of them for me and let me know the phone number, address, and postcode please.|Sure, pizza express Regent Street City Centre cb21db, 01223324033. Would you like to book a table there?
I'll think about it, thank you. Could you reccommend a few attractions in the same area of town?|In the centre are the All Saints Church postcode cb58bs, the entrance is free. Also, the Great Saint Mary's Church postcode cb23pq entrance fee 2 pounds.
Please book a taxi between All Saints Church and pizza express, I'd like to leave the church by 21:45.|Okay your contact number is 07950726501
Your car is a grey bmw.
Okay that's all I need for now. Thank you.|Great! Thank you for using our services!
I need a taxi after 21:45 to take me to jesus college.|I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I am coming from 4455 Woodbridge Road. It's the hotel next to the Shell gas station and Cambridge College.|What is the name of the hotel you are coming from?
I'm coming from thanh binh.|I have that booked a yellow skoda with contact number 07116573501.
Thank you for your help, goodbye.|My pleasure. Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for a certain hotel, can you help me find it?|Yes I can help.  What is the name of the hotel?
It is called finches bed and breakfast.|I found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Friday. If Friday is not available please check Tuesday.|I have a booking for 4 nights, starting on friday for 5 people.
Thank you. Could I have the reference number for my records, please?|The reference number is ELAA65RK. Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre please.|sorry I am not showing any entertainment in that area something else perhaps?
I will go with a college instead, can you recommend one and give me the postcode?|The best college to visit is Downing College, in postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I help you with anything else?|I am good, thank you!
Good bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should include free parking.|Do you have any other constraints, such as location or price range?
The location and price range don't matter to me. I want a guesthouse with 4 stars.|We still have a lot of great options to choose from. Can I recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre of town?
Sure, that sounds fine, as long as you're sure it has free parking.|It does offer free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
book for 1 people for 5 nights starting Thursday and get me the reference number please|Alexander bed and Breakfast  - 56 saint barnabas road  cb12de phone - 01223525725
And the reference number ?|I'm sorry about that.  Your reference number is 4PSP6FIB.
Thank you. I'd also like to find a cinema in the west side of town. Do you know of any in that area?|I'm sorry but there aren't any cinemas in the west.  Would you like to try another location.
Let's try for a museum in the west instead|The west is home to 7 museums. Entrance fees are either free or 3.50 pounds. I personally recommend kettle's yard.
That works, can you please provide the address for me?|Kettles Yard is located on Castle Street.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I would like a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.|Okay, I need to know when you would like to leave the hotel and when you'd like to arrive at the museum please.
I'd like to leave the hotel by 10:30.|Your vehicle is a black volvo and they cbr at 	07186950865 any other questions?
No that's all I need. Have a good night.|Thank you for using our service.
i need a place to stay|Ok, and what part of the city would you like to stay in?
Downtown. In a guest house maybe.|I'm sorry, can you be more specific? Our city is divided into North, West, East, South and Centre.
I don't have a certain area in mind. But, I would like it to have 4 stars and that it is a guesthouse and not a hotel.|great, i have 18 options for you!
Okay, thank you! Will you please book it for 5 people for 4 nights, starting Tuesday?|Do you have a price range? The prices range from cheap to expensive.
Yes expensive and also looking for places to go nearby|The only 4 star guest house I found in the centre of town is a cheap one- the alexander bed and breakfast. Shall I book that for you?
Yes.  Book for 5 people, 4 nights and starting on Tuesday.|Ok, the booking was successful. Reference number is : NMT6HX2V. Can I help with anything else?
i need to book a car|Alright, shall I call a taxi or a bus for you?
a taxi that should leave by 05:30|what will be your destination?
Wait, I need to find a museum in the centre first, then i can get a taxi. I'm very sorry, I got a little ahead of myself.|There are 11 museums in the center. I recommend the whipple museum of the history of science for hours of fun. Do you need more information?
Yes, can I please have the phone number for the Whipple Museum of History?|The phone number to the whipple museum of the history of science is 01223330906. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
Okay, let's book the taxi now.  I need to get between the two places.|OKay. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
I want to leave the whipple museum of the history of science at 05:30 to go to the alexander bed and breakfast, please.|Just to clarify.  You need to be picked up at the Whipple Museum of History at 05:30. Your drop off point is the alexander bed and breakfast. Correct?
Yes that's correct. Can I also have the phone number and type of car that will be picking me up.|Yes, you will be picked up in a black honda and their contact number is 07420056662. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Thanks for everything! Bye!|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip and have a great day. Goodbye
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star place with free wifi.|I have 21 options like that. Would you prefer a certain area of town or price range?
Are any in the North?|There are 5 options in the north.
OK, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on Tuesday, and we need to stay for 3 nights.|Reference number is : NBAUDV7Y. Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for an attraction called the cherry hinton village centre. Do you have any information about this place?|Here is the address colville road, cherry hinton.
Great, can I also have the postcode and phone number?|Phone number is:01223576412 and the postcode is cb19ej. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I am also looking to book a taxi to commute between these places. I will be leaving the attraction around 12:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07305330660
Awesome. Thanks so much for your help today!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I want to visit the centre while I am here, what are some of the attractions available to me?|Our city centre is full of wonderful attractions! Is there a specific type you're interested in visiting?
I don't care.|We have 79 different attractions to choose from. Would you like to visit a museum?
Yes a museum sounds good,adress and phone number please|okay, there are 11 museums in the centre. I recommend Castle Galleries.
I also need a place to eat. It can be expensive and I would like the restaurant to serve Asian oriental food.|Sure, there's Saigon City in the north, how does that sound?
Yes, could you book that. Saturday, 3 people, 13:30.|You're all set. Your reference is VDXACZR1 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi to commute between the two place?|Booking completed! The  car is a black honda and the contact number is 07396246163.
Thanks a lot. That does it for me. Goodbye.|Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in.|What day would you like me to book a hotel?
Before I book, I'd like to make sure that it is a guesthouse with free parking. Do you have anything with those amenities?|yes. there are 16 options. Do you have a price point?
Anything works. Is there a 4 star guesthouse with both free parking and free wifi?|Acorn guest house is a 4-star guest house with free parking and free wifi. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes.  I need 6 rooms for 3 nights, starting saturday.|I was able to get you those 6 rooms. Your reservation number is HAG2VEZK. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that serves modern european food.|The river bar steakhouse and grill is available if that works for you?
Yes. Can you get us a table at 14:00 on Saturday?|How many people will be in your party?
It will be for the same amount, 6 people.|I was able to book The River Bar for 6 people at 14:00 on Saturday, reference number 79DX01Y4.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome. How about a taxi between the two places?|I can certainly help with that. Are you looking for a ride from the restaurant back to the hotel? What time would you like to leave by?
No, I need it to get me at the hotel and have me to the restaurant by 14:00 for our reservation.  The pickup time doesn't really matter.|Booking completed! I have a red toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07956621045.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that covers everything.Thanks so much!|You're more than welcome!
