Hi, I'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 20:45, is there anything like that?|There are over 1,000 trains like that.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street.|Can you confirm your desired travel day?
I would like to leave on wednesday|I show a train leaving birmingham new street at 17:40 and arriving at 20:23 on Wednesday.  Will this work for you?
That will, yes. Please make a booking for 5 people please.|I've booked your train tickets, and your reference number is A9NHSO9Y.
Thanks so much. I would also need a place to say. I am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi.|How about the cambridge belfry?  It has all the attributes you requested and a great name!  Maybe even a real belfry?
That sounds great, could you make a booking for me please?|What day would you like your booking for?
Please book it for Wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5NAWGJDC.
Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye. If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us.
Hi. I'm looking for a hotel in the east.  The internet is not needed.|There are no hotels that do not have internet, but 7 which do have it. Do you have a specific price range you'd prefer?
no, but it should have free parking, please.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the area and has free parking, would you like more information?
Is that a guesthouse or a hotel? I'd really prefer a guesthouse.|It's a hotel. There are 5 guesthouses in the area. Do you prefer cheap or moderate for the price range?
The price doesn't really matter. I just need free parking. It doesn't really need to have internet though.|There are 5 guesthouses that have free parking. Should I book one of them for you?
Okay, none of them DON'T offer free wifi? If not, I'll need the address for one that does have wifi, please. Tell me about your favorite.|The allenbell is a guesthouse on the east.  The addres sis 517a coldham lane post code cb13js.
Great. Can you help me with a train as well? I'm looking to come in from Ely.|What is your destination? And do you have any preference for day, departure or arrival time?
I want to go from cambridge to ely, no preference for time but I need to book for 8 people.|There are trains that run every two hours every day starting at 5:50. Do you know what day you'd like to travel?
I'm looking for Wednesday , arrive by 11:30 for 8 people Please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. You reference number is 7ZCVR4Q3. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else right now.  Thank you for your assistance.  Good Bye.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
I need to take a train from Norwich, leaving after 21:15.|Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Ely please.|I don't have any listings for trains leaving Norwich and arriving in Ely. Would you like to try a different departure station?
I meant Cambridge please. I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Monday after 21:15.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I don't need anything booked.  I just need to get the arrival time, travel time and price of a train from norwich to cambridge leaving after 21:15.|There are trains arriving at 22:35, 23:35 and 24:35. They are 17.60 pounds and 79 minutes each.
Great, thanks! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel in the north. Can you please help with that?|There are several that meet your criteria. Is there a price range you are interested in?
I would like to keep it in the moderate range, please.|I see 7 options. They are all guesthouses. Do you have preferences for internet and parking?
I do not have a preference on those things.|Shall I try to start and book you into one?
Please book it and provide the reference number.|How many nights will you be staying?
Please book the hotel for 4 people and 2 nights.  Thank you.|What day will you be arriving?
the same day... monday please.|I apologize, some of our new workers have phobias of the booking system, I booked you at Acorn guest house, the reference number is 04CSEO7Q any other questions?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks for your help!|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need to take a train out of Cambridge, I will be leaving town on Wednesday.|There are 5 trains out of Cambridge on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I'd like to go to peterborough and leave after 12:45, I have to attend a meeting beforehand.|TR1879 leaves at 13:06 on Wednesday.  Will that work for you?
What is the price of the fair and could you tell me what is the arrival time into Peterborough?|The price is 16.50 pounds and the train will arrive in Peterborough by 13:56 Wednesday.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, one ticket please, can I also get the reference number?|I booked you one seat on TR1879 departing Cambridge for Peterborough on Wednesday at 13:06, Reference: xu1qlhvw. Can I help further today?
I am also looking for a museum in centre. Could you give me the address, postcode and phone number of one?|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need right now. Thanks, you have been very helpful!|You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for information about the City Centre North B and B hotel.  Can you help me with that?|Yes! City Centre North B and B is an inexpensively-priced guesthouse in the north of town at 328A Histon Road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes can I book it for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights please?|They weren't able to accommodate those parameters. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Sure.  Let's try 2 nights.  Thanks. I'll need a reference number, too, please.|The booking for City Centre North B&B has been made, your reference number is 0FAFY5PP.
Great! I also need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge, please.|I can find one for you. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel, please?
The train should arrive by 14:45 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.|Great, I recommend train TR5108.  It departs at 13:29 and will get you there by 14:07.  Would you like me to book it?
Please book that train for me now.|Certainly! How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets for the same day.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GSTIN0L6.
That's all I need today, thank you.|You're welcome! Lovely day to you.
Hi I am looking for a train to arrive in Cambridge by 08:15.|Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford on Monday.|It look like the TR0532 is what you are looking for departing Bishops Stortford at 7:29 and arriving in Cambridge at 8:07. Would you like to book?
What is the price for that trip?|The fare is 10.10 GBP per ticket.
I need to make a booking for 2 people and can you find me a place to stay in the north?|I've booked your tickets for the 7:29 train from Bishops Stortford, reference ZHT6R80S. Can you give me more information about the type of hotel you'd like?
I need a cheap hotel with free parking.|There are 10 total hotels, do you have a preference for area?
I would prefer the hotel be in the north part of town.|City centre north b and b and Worth house are both guesthouses and located in the north. Would you like me to book one for you?
I don't need to book today, thanks. Can you get me the postcode of one of them? Oh, and please make sure the one you choose has internet!|The postcode for Worth House is cb41da and yes, it has internet!
I will go ahead an book at the Worth House.|OK, great. will it be the same two people as on the train and starting on Monday? or do you have different needs for lodging?
Nope, same people.|I'd be happy to book that for you, what day will you be arriving on, and for how many nights?
1 person 5 nights please|Could you clarify if you need the reservation for 1 or 2 people please?
I need reservations for 2.|Okay let me see if I can book that for you.
Actually, I'm all set. Thank you! Bye!|Okay you sure you will not require a booking?
I'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?|I'm happy to help! There are a great deal of restaurants there. What type of food did you have in mind?
I do not not care, it just needs to be expensive.|fitzbillies restaurant serves british food would that be okay?
Yes, may I have the address?|Sure, they're located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from Cambridge to Norwich?|Certainly. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel?
the train should arrive by 13:45 and book for 6 people and give me the reference number please|I'd be happy to, but can you tell me which day you'd like to travel on?
The train should leave on thursday.|The one closest to your desired arrive by time will arrive at 12:55 and depart at 11:36.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Could I have the reference number as well?|I was able to book you 6 tickets for that train. Your reference number is  PSQ9JOOI. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help.|Okay great, have a good day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what do you need to know?
I would like to book a reservation at Caffe Uno.|What day and time do you need the reservation for? And how many people in your group?
I need the reservation for 1 person for Friday at 10:15.|Your booking was successful and your table has been reserved! Your reference number is 3UH2KQDP. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a train on Friday also, going into Cambridge.|Ok, where from and what time do you want to arrive by?
I am leaving peterborough and want to get to cambridge by 08:15|I can put you on the tr0035 it will get you there by 08:09. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  Can I get the reference number for that?|Your reference number is E75VHN9I and 16.5 pounds will be payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please email or fax me the fare amount, as well as the reference number?|it will cost you 16.50 pounds and the Reference number is : E75VHN9I.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.
Greetings, I need a train leaving on Saturday after 19:45.|There is a train leaving out of cambridge on saturday at 21:00 for 18.88 punds.
Is it going to broxbourne?  That is where I am heading.|Actually yes! TR5975 leaves from broxbourne at 21:01. It's 14.32 pounds. Does that work?
Yes, that works just fine, can you please book me a reservation?|Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one, please. I'm also looking for colleges in the centre of town.|Your train has been booked with ref. num. WIDHBP94. Sure, information on colleges: There are 13 in the central district; do you want one with free entry? Religious or secular?
I just am looking for one in the centre, can I get the phone number of one?|Yes. Downing college is free and the phone number is 01223334860.
Ok, thank you, that will be all I need for now.|You are very welcome. Have a safe trip!
I am looking for a restaurant that sell seafood,will prefer one in the center of the city.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
I would like a train into Cambridge from Stevenage.|Is there a specific day and time you would like to travel at?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 8:00.|The TR9448 arrives at 06:43. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book 7 seats.|All set. You are booked for 7 people on TR9448. You reference number is B1Q6DDTE. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a hotel as well.|ok for how many people and when are you planning your stay?
Whoa whoa, easy there tiger, Lets narrow the search down first.  In the center, 0 stars, cheap and it can be a hotel or guesthouse.|How about el shaddai? Fits your request perfectly.
Is El Shaddai a guest house or hotel?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse. Anything other questions about them?
Do they have parking?|Yes, they have free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to. I was just curious about it. Thank you for all of your help.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a chinese restaurant.|ok what location?
It should be in the same area?|i only have one option can i book it for you?
No, I don't need a chinese restaurant after all. Thanks for looking.|OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's everything I needed and then some, actually! Thanks, take care!|Thank you for calling.  Have a great day!
Can you tell me the address to the police station in Cambridge?|The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG
Thanks. Would you be able to help me find a place to stay in the east side of town?|What price range do you prefer?
That doesn't matter. I would like a 4 star hotel though, please.|Would a and b guest house work for you?
Does that place have free wifi?|Yes it has wifi. Would you like to know anything more?
That is sufficient, please book me for 8 people, 5 nights staring on friday.|You've been booked at A and B Guesthouse. Your reference number is I23Q30PH. Can I be of further assistance today?
Also looking for a train leaving Norwich after 14:00 and arriving in Cambridge on Friday.|The TR4828 leaves Norwich at 14:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 15:35 on Friday. The price is 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you please give me the travel time.|The travel time is 79 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
no I don't need you to do that, thank you|Okay, will that be all today or is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to go from Cambridge to Peterbourgh Saturday.|Tr7310 is leaving from cambridge at 05:06 and arriving at peterborough at 05:56 for 13.20
I'm sorry. The train needs to going to Cambridge from Peterborough.|Sorry about that,what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 18:15.  Also, I would like to know the fare.|TR4005 departs Peterborough at 18:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:09. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fare is 13.20 GBP per person.
Great, thank you. Now, I need some information on college I can visit in the centre of town.|I have located several colleges in the area that have entrance fees ranging from free to 2 pounds. Is there a particular one you would like to visit?
I don't have one in particular. Can you give me a few examples?|Sure I have Corpus Christi in the city centre and Christ's College, which is very famous in the centre.
Can I get the address of Corpus Christi?|The address is king's parade, is there anything else I can do?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy your visit!  Goodbye.
I need to find a train that leaves on Saturday and arrives by 08:45|Can you tell me what your departure city and destination are?
I'll be leaving Cambridge to get to Ely.|TR5344 arrives by 7:50. Does that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 7?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station, you reference number is NUECBTHH. Will that be all?
Are there anything fun to do in city centre?|My favorite attraction in the centre of the city is a concert hall called Man on the Moon. It is amazing! They are at 2 Norfolk Street.
what is their postcode?|cb12lf. Is there anything else you need?
That's it.  Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train schedule after 15:15, going to Cambridge.|There are several trains available for you. Where are you departing from and what day would you prefer?
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on saturday after 15:15|Is there a time you would prefer to arrive?
No, but I would like the booking made for two people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : N5FLMFK9. Anything else you need?
Yes, are there any italian restaurants in the center of town?|Yes I have pizza hut city centre located at regent street city centre.  Would you like to make a table reservation?
Yes please. Can you book it for Saturday at 19:45 for 2 and get me a reference number?|I'm sorry, they didn't have that time available. Would you like to try a different time or a different day?
Yes, can you try for 18:45 instead?|Sure thing! Your reference number is D1CJSO6Z.
Thank you for your help!|Did you need any further assistance today?
That is all, thanks again.|I'm glad we could help. Have a nice day.
Can you help me find some Thai food to eat tonight?|What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, just as long as it's expensive!|Understood. You have a choice between Sala Thong and Bangkok City.
Sala Thong sounds good. Please make a booking for 2 at 11:45 on Monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RARTE3OH. is there anything else i can help you with?
yeah i need a train too|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to arrive by 11:00 and it should be going to london liverpool street.|There are 21 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, day, or departure time?
Let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. It needs to depart from cambridge and leave on tuesday.|Train TR4259 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 9:27. It's the closest arrival time to 11:00. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.|Your reservation for 2 on the TR4259 train was successful, the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : FNRSFZWB
Thank you so much. The restaurant and train are all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Ok! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing from london liverpool please.|I'll be glad to help. You would like to from london liverpool street to what destination, please?
Cambridge. I'd like to leave after 10:00 on Friday.|I have seven trains, could you tell me when you would like to arrive by ?
Just any time after 10:00, can I get the train ID of one of them please?|TR7943 leaves at 11:39
Thank you very much! That is all I need for today.|Have a great day!
Hi! I am looking for a train that arrives by 11:30 on Friday.|I have 122 trains that are arriving by 11:30. Do you know where the train is coming from?
The train should depart from Bishops Stortford and should go to Cambridge.|TR2083 leaves Bishops Stortford at 09:29 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07.  Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please.  I will need 5 seats.|Ok, your booking is complete! The total is 50.5 GBP and is payable at the station.  Your confirmation number is RGOWFL51
Great.  I am also looking for suggestions on places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help me with that?|I show 44 attractions in  the centre area.   Is there a specific type you would prefer?
Do you have any multiple sports?|There are no attractions matching that description. Would you like me to search for parks in the area?
Do you have any architecture attractions|Yes many. All Saints Church is a famous one with no entrance fee.
That sounds great, plus it's free. Can I book that for 5 please?|Attractions are one thing we can't book for you, unfortunately. Is there anything else you need today?
Can you please give me the phone number and post code for All Saints Church then?|All Saints Church phone is 01223452587. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Modern European food at a reasonable price.|Try riverside brasserie, it is located at 	Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane
Is that in the centre of town? Is it moderately priced?|It is indeed in the Centre and moderately priced.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
I just need the adress and post code.|The postcode is cb21rt and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, will that be all?
I also need to take a train on wednesday, leaving after 10:15.|Okay, we have a LOT of trains leaving after that time.  What is your starting point and destination?
From Leicester to Cambridge, please.|OK, the TR9776 leaves at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54, the cost is 37.80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes please book the train for 1 person and make sure you give me the reference number.|Ok, you are booked.  Your reference number is OYDBAUOS.  The total is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. That was everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a gastropub in the east.|The Royal Standard is a gastropub located in the east.
Could you please provide the phone number, address and postcode for The Royal Standard?|Phone Number: 01223247877. Post Code: cb13nl, address 290 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else?
Great can I also get a train going to leicester and arriving by 11:45?|Where will you be departing from and what day would you like to travel?
Cambridge, and I will be traveling on Saturday.|TR5677 will arrive at 11:06 would that work for you?
Could you get me the price of that train and the travel time before you book it?|I have TR5677 arriving at Leicester by 11:06.
Can you give me the travel time and total cost please?|105 minutes. 30.24 pounds.
ok thank you so mucy|Ok great. Would you like for me to go ahead and book the train for you?
Yes, please book the train for me. That will be all.|Do you just need the one ticket, or will others be travelling with you?
No just the one. Thank you.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LV1BEG9R.
Thank you so much! That's all I need.|I am glad I was able to help. Have a wonderful trip.
am looking for a train,it should go to cambridge and should depart from norwich|What time and day are you looking to travel?
Yes, I would like travel on Monday and I would need to arrive by 08:30.|TrainID TR9020 leaves norwich on monday and arrives in cambridge at 06:35.
What is the price for the train?|The cost will be 17.60 pounds. Would you like more information about that?
What time does the train leave?|it leaves at 05:16
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Goodbye and thanks for using the help desk.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help with a particular attraction.|Ok.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I believe the name is Clare Hall, do you have the address and phone number?|Clare hall is located on herschel road and their phone number is 01223332360
That's it, thank you. I'm also looking for info on trains that leave Bishops Stortford on Thursday.|I have ten trains that match that description. Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and would prefer to leave after 08:45|Train TR0798 leaves Bishop Stortford at 9:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I can do that after I discuss it with my boss.  Thanks for your help with everything today.  Goodbye.|Glad I could help!
Are there any trains leaving from Stansted Airport on Thursday?|I have 19 trains available.  Could you narrow it down to a specific destination and departure time please.
i am leaving for cambridge and it should arrive there by 20.45|The train that arrives the closest to your preferred time is TR2286 which arrives at 19:52. Does that work for you?
I would like to make a booking for TR2286 for 1 person.|Ok, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR2286.  The fee of 10.10 GBP is payable at the station.  Your reference code is QHKC3MOF.  Anything else I can do?
Thank you I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking.|I have several results matching your request.  What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I don't have a preference for area, I would just like it to have 4 stars and a moderate cost with free parking.|There are 9 options for a guesthouse with your requested price and amenities. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is lovely this time of year, if you're interested?
That works. What's the phone number, area, and if they have internet?|aylesbray lodge guest house is in the south of town, their phone number is 01223240089 and they have internet
Could you book it for me?|I'd be happy to. When would you like to begin your stay, and for how many nights would you like rooms reserved?
I just need it for one night for one person please.  Can you tell me which area it is in?|It is in the south area.
Thank you very much, I think that's all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a good day!
Will you help me find a portuguese restaurant in the east please?|I'm sorry, I couldn't find any Portuguese restaurants in the east. Shall we look in a different part of the city instead?
Are there any that are in the expensive price range?|I'm sorry. There are no expensive Portuguese restaurants in the city.  There is, however, a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south and another in the centre.  Do either of those interest you?
How about a restaurant that serves British food then?|Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant on the west side. It's a fantastic place. Would you like to book a table there?
Yeah. That sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at 19:30 on wednesday?|Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: NMC7VCAK.
Great!  I am also looking for information about a train. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can what time will you be departing and from what location?
I would like to go from Cambridge to Ely on Thursday.|Ok, the first train leaves at 05:50 and every two hours after from there, the irde takes 17 minutes and the cost is 4.40 pounds.
That's all I need.|Would you like me to reserve your train tickets?
Yes please. I'll need a departure time, travel time, and price. Thank you.|The TR1923 departs form Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. The travel time is 17 minutes, and the cost is 4.40 pounds. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect, thank you.|Great! Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need today, thank you.|Let me know if you need more help, bye.
I need a place to stay in South of town.|Okay, do you have any price range you're looking for?
It doesn't matter on the pricing or about having free parking. I would like the hotel to be like a guesthouse.|Aylesbray lodge guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
That won't be necessary thanks.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually, could you book that for me? I've changed my mind.|That's fine. I'm here to help. For how many people and how many nights will that be?
The stay is for 4 of us for 3 nights.|What day would you like that reservation?
Friday, please, and for 3 nights. Thank you!|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PYDLXTII. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking that goes to cambridge that arrives by 20:00 and departs from stevenage.|OK, any date or time preferences?
Friday, and after 20:00.|TTR7278 leaves at 17:54 and arrives at 18:43, cost is 12.80 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, that would be wonderful. I would like a booking for 4 people, and the reference number, please.|I was able to book you for 4 tickets on train TR7278.   The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station.
Could I get the reference number?|The reference number is M8CQ8Y16.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am going out of town from Cambridge on tuesday and need to take a train, can you help me?|Absolutely. Where are you heading to?
I am going to ely|Ok, did you have a certain time you wanted to leave after or arrive in Ely?
I would like to leave after 19:15 please.|for how many ?
for 2 people, please|Booking was successful,  .Reference number is : G02V81W6. The train ID is TR5511, it leaves at 19:50
I'm also looking for a college in the west. Can you recommend one?|There are 5. 3 are free, and 2 cost 2.50 Pounds to visit. What do you prefer?
How about one of the free ones? Give me the address and phone number.|Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I think that is everything I can think of.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find information on saint john's college?|Saint John's College is in the Centre of town on Saint John's Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there an exact address, like a street number? Thanks!|It is on Saint John's Street, though it doesn't have an exact street number. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 11:15.|Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
cambridge is my destination and from leicester|The TR3877 leaves at 12:09 on Friday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 1 person, please?|It has been booked. Your total fee is 37.79 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 2X743C2D.
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
Hey, I was wondering if there are any multiple sports venues on the west side?|Not on the west side, no. There is on multiple sports venue in Cambridge, and it's in the east.
How about a college to visit instead?|We have 5 colleges to visit on the west side. Churchill College is a nice one, and it's free to enter.
Can I have the address and postcode of Churchill College and entrance fee?|Sure thing, the address of Churchill College is Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train on Tuesday departing from Broxbourne.|What time did you want to travel?
Leaving anytime after 17:45 please.|What time would you like to arrive by?
The earlier the better, so whichever train leaves closest to 17:45|The closest train is TR8653, it leaves at 18:32, shall I book you?
what is its arrival time and how long will it take?|The arrival time for TR8653 is 19:32 and the travel time is 60 minutes.
If there isn't anything earlier that is close to 17:45 I will take the train at 18:32.|No, there is not anything earlier than 18:32.  How many tickets do you want to purchase?
Need a train leaving monday to bishops stortford.|I can help with that. I have 10 different trains that can get you there. Did you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by 15:15. I'm leaving from Cambridge as well.|There is one leaves at 13:29, arriving at 14:07. Would you like a reservation on that?
Yes, I need the train ID, please.|The ID is TR4861. How many people would you like tickets for?
I only need one ticket, please.|The total will be 10.10 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 1EJQJWS2. Is there any other help you need?
Yes I am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the centre that serves italian food please.|There are three possibilities.  Pizza hut city centre, ask or zizzi cambridge.  Would one of those work?
Pizza Hut City Centre sounds fine.  Could you book a table for 7 people there for me?|Sure, what time are you looking for a reservation at?
It'll be for 10:45.|Ok great and what day would you like the booking to be made for?
The same day as the train which is Monday.|Yes I was able to book that for you and your reference number is YTANICP1.
Awesome! That will be it for tonight. Have a good day. Bye.|Glad to be of help. Good day to you too.
I'm on a tight budget so I need to find a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food|Sure, do you prefer the south part of town or do you want to stay in the centre?
It doesn't matter.|The Rice House is a great cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Can you reserve one for 4 people at 16:45 on Sunday?|I'm sorry my reservation system is not working today. Here is their phone number and address. 01223367755 at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Postcode is cb12bd. Enjoy your meal!
Hi. Im looking for a train to ely that leaves after 14:30.|Okay, and where did you want to depart from?
I need it to depart from cambridge.|What day will you travel on?
I will leav on monday.|I have five trains that are available. Is there a specific time that you need to arrive at your destination by?
No, there is not a specific time.  How much will I be out of pocket for this adventure?|4.10 pounds. Do you need anything more?
Also looking for a restaurant by the name of Midsummer House. I need a reservation for 7 people at 10:15 on Monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CETUMJKM.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's it! Thank you for all your help!|May I help you find a hotel or attraction in town?
No thank you, that's all the information I need.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
Hello, can you help me find a restaurant for my upcoming trip to Cambridge?|Absolutely! What type of food are you looking for?
I do not care. Just something in the south, moderate range in price.|There are two options that match what you're looking for.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum, which is modern European cuisine.  Does either sound good?
i want to reserve a table at  Restaurant Alimentum|what day and how many people?
I would need it for 3 people for 17:30 on monday.|I have booked that for you and your reference number is 7HRLWXYB.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks!  I need to travel to Kings Lynn from Cambridge for 3 people.  I need to travel Tuesday night, sometime after 20:00.  I need a reference number please.|I would suggest train TR8387 that leaves at 21:11 with arrival at 21:58.  Would you like me to book this one or do you need a different arrival time?
This is perfect. Please book for 3 people and give me the reference number.|Okay, I've booked 3 tickets for you on TR8387. It will cost 29.4 GBP. Your reference number is VF2TRXD0. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that sounds about right. Thanks.|Enjoy your visit.
I'd like to find a train that leaves Monday and arrives by 19:00.|Very well. Where are you traveling from, and to where?
I am departing from birmingham new street, going to cambridge.|I have a train that departs at 15:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:23. Will that do?
That would work just fine. Could you tell me the price and travel time for that train?|The TR5385 has a travel time of 163 minutes. Would you like me to book you some tickets?
No, I don't want to book today.  Could you just give me the price for that train?  I think that is all I need today.|Sure.  The price of those tickets are 75.10 pounds each.
Great! That's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need a train that leaves on Sunday for Broxbourne.|I have 19 trains going to broxbourne on Sunday. To help narrow it down, where would you like to depart from and what time?
I want it to leave from cambridge after 09:15.|Let me look up those times for you. One minute.
Not looking to book, can I just get the train ID, price, and travel time? Thanks!|I'm sorry, I'm not finding that fits those criteria. Is there a different time you could leave?
There are no trains going to broxbourne from cambridge on Sunday after 09:15?|No, I'm sorry, it doesn't appear that those trains run on Sundays.  Is there a different day you could travel?  Also, will you leave from Broxbourne or Cambridge?
I need to go TO Broxbourne FROM Cambridge on Sunday, leaving any time after 9:15. Please check again with those details, please.|I'm terribly sorry -- you are correct.  There are trains every hour, at one minute past. There is a 10:01 train on Sunday, for example. Travel time is 60 minutes.
Great. What's the train ID and price?|The TrainID is TR9580 which leaves at 10:01. The price From Cambridge to Broxbourne is 14.32 pounds. Do you need additional information?
Yes, what is the duration of the train ride?|The duration is six minutes. Can I get you a ticket?
No, that's all right.|Let us know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street|I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please.|I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.|Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.|Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range|Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I need to book a train for Friday please.|Great. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive in the afternoon, please.|Where are you departing from?
There are two of us departing from kings lynn and we need to arrive by 16:45. Can you book it for 2 people and send me the reference number?|I booked TR5331 for you. Your reference is GPFBA8K5.
Can I also get information on king's college.|Of course. King's College has a free entrance fee and is in the centre of town
What is the address?|adress is Kings Parade
I want to take a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.|What day and time do you want to leave Stevenage?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive in cambridge by 12:45.|I have 4 trains available.  What time would you like to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get there by 12:45.|For how many people?
I don't need to purchase tickets today, but can you tell me the train ID and the total travel time to get me there?|TR9062 will take 49 minutes, from 11:54 to 12:43. Do you need anything else?
What is the price of a ticket, please?|The price of TR9062 is 12.80 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you look up a welsh food restaurant that is expensive and in the centre?|I'm sorry I couldn't find any welsh restaurants matching that criteria . Would you like to try a different area or type of food?
Oh darn it! How about... maybe korean food? Still in the centre, and they need to be able to seat 7 people.|Yes there is one option here. It is little seoul. What day and time for your booking?
I Would like it on Monday at 18:15.|It isn't allowing me to book that for you. Is there anything else I can try for you?
Can you please try again?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : X54JY6CB.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.
Can you tell me which museums I can go to in Cambridge?|You are free to choose whichever one you want.  There are 23 choices, is there a preference by area?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need to know the entrance fee.|There are so many. In order to narrow it down, do you want something with free admission. And are you open to a suggestion?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one and tell me the entrance fee?|Cafe jello gallery has a free admission.
Thank you. What's the area for the Cafe Jello Gallery?|That one is located in the west.
Alright, can you find me a train to Leicester on Tuesday after 20:15?|ok you are set
What is the train ID you found?|I'm sorry, my mind is not all there today. I have not found a train for you yet. Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|There are 4 trains that depart Cambridge for Leicester after 20:15. The first one leaves at 20:21, and they run every hour.
Please pick the earliest one and give me the following info about them: travel time, train ID, and arrival time|TR0378 arrives at 22:06. The travel time is 105 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I believe that is all I need today.|You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train from Stevenage for a trip to Cambridge.|There are several trains to your specifications. What day and time would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 10:45|The earliest train that meets your needs is TR6473, leaving at 11:54 and arriving in cambridge at 12:43. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes I would. There are 3 of us traveling. Could we get a private area on the train?|Certainly, do you have a price range in mind?
For the train, no. And I made a mistake. I only need a booking for 1 person.|Not a problem at all. Booking for one person was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8WYSLEG0. Anything else today?
I also need a place to dine. I'm looking for something cheap in the south.|I have found 2 options for you: The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese food, and Nandos, which serves Portuguese food. Shall I make a reservation for one of them?
Please book Nandos.|Sure. What say and time are you thinking? And for how many people?
Actually, I'll take care of the reservation. Can I just get the phone number and address for Nandos, please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help with anything else?
No, that was all the information I needed. Thanks so much. Have a good day.|You too, goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves expensive new zealand food and is in the center area.|Sorry, there are no restaurants like that in the centre. Would you like to change the type of food?
No I really wanted an expensive place in Centre that serves New Zealand cuisine.|There are none in the centre.  There is no New Zealand food at all.
How about Chinese food? Still expensive, still in the center.|Yes, I have four that I can recommend.  How about Ugly Duckling?
I would like a table for 2 at 13:45 Monday.|There are no openings at that time, is there another time you would like me to try?
Could you try one of those different places? I really need that day and time.|I am sorry to say that all 4 of the restaurants do not have openings at that time. Would you like to see other price ranges or areas?
How about on Wednesday, the same time for 2?|Success! You've got a table for 2 reserved on Wednesday at 13:45. Reference number I51P6C79. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also needing a train that departs from Norwich and goes to Cambridge.|Sure, when would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by 10:45 and should be on the same day as the restaurant booking.|The TR1180 will have you in Cambridge about 10:35.
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Enjoy your stay in cambridge and have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are over 20 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay?
Cheap price and North part of town|One of your options is Worth House, it has a 4-star rating, would you like me to book it for you?
Let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting wednesday|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 0HRI1K18. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train|Ok, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day?
My plan is to depart from Cambridge this Saturday.|Where will you be arriving at?
I'm going to london liverpool street. I want my train to leave after 14:45.|I have one leaving at 15:59. Will that work?
Yes,  that's perfect.  Can you please book it for the same party and provide me with a reference number.|You are all set, the cost is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .The Reference number is : P11XWALE
Great, thanks for your help!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for someplace to get British cuisine in the center of town.|Great, I have five options for you in the moderate to expensive range.
Oh, I really need something cheap.|I do not have anything in that price range for British. Another criteria perhaps?
Could you try an Italian place please?|I have 3 in that price range and area. May I recommend zizzi cambridge?
Yes, that would be great! Could you please book a table for 5 people at 16:45 on saturday?|Your table is reserved and your reference number is MGCSVPOM. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train from stansted airport to Cambridge that will arrive by 11:30.|There are six, which day would you like to travel?
Saturday. I would like to arrive by 11:30.|I have one leaving at 10:24 and arriving at 10:52. The rate is 8.08 pounds each. Would like me to make reservations for 6?
Yes please make a reservation for 5 people and give the phone number|I booked 5 tickets. There is no phone number, but the reference number is RGMOSM2H.
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that will take me to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.|there are so many. what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 17:00 on Thursday.|TR1765 leaves at 17:01. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes can you please and send me a reference number.|Sure, how many seats do you need?
I need seats for five people.|Yes yur booking is successful and your reference number is RI4VVZYC.
Thanks, I also need a place to dine that is moderately priced.|There are 31 moderately priced restaurants in town. Do you have a preferred location?
I would prefer it in the centre area.|Do you have a preference in food type?
Yes modern european food.|We have two choices, de luca cucina abd bar and roverside brasserie, any preferences?
No preference. Just book a table for 5 on Thursday at 20:15|I will go ahead and book that now.
Thanks! I need the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 6KNJSQXY.
Perfect, that's all I need today. Have a great day.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Have a nice day.|Enjoy your dinner.
I need a train going to cambridge.|Absolutely! What day and time would you like to leave?
On Thursday any time after 21:00.|Where will you be departing from?
I will departing from birmingham new street.|I would recommend TR7324 which leaves Birmingham New Street at 21:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 24:23.
Yes can you book that for 1 person?|Your booking for one ticket is complete. Your reference number is VEG5Q87Q and 75.09GBP will be due at the station.
I am also looking for a attraction called old schools.|Yes, Old Schools is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, what is their entrance fee and attraction type?  Thanks!|It is free to enter and type is architecture. May I help you with anything else?
No, you have been very helpful today, thank you.  I am all set.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a concert hall?|There is one concert hall in town, The Man on the Moon, located at 2 norfolk street in the centre of town. Do you need more information?
I need a concerthall on the west area of town.|I am sorry I have only one listing for the city center. Would you consider other attractions?
Yes, I would consider a museum.|great, there are 7 museums in the west.
Can you make a recommendation and please provide the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Cafe Jello Gallery Phone is o12233289438 and is on 13 Madalene treet
I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains available for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind? The trip will take 105 minutes.
The train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday.
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 10:15|Okay, the TR2969 leaves at 08:09 and arrives at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please for four people.  May I also get the reference number?|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 5FHHNO0K. The total fee is 120.06 and you can pay that at the station.
I am also in the market for a new restaurant. Is there something in the centre of town?|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Can I narrow it down by price for you?
I'm independently wealthy and price doesn't matter, I am interested more in eritrean food, do you have any with that?|I'm sorry, there aren't any available. Would you like to try something else?
How about a place that serves British food?|There will serves nice British food. Its taste is good
Could you book it for me, for Saturday?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving British food in the centre of town.
Can you recommend an eritean or british restaurant in the centre area?|I recommend the oak bistro. It is a british restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like it will do. Can you reserve a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day, please?|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : QSNSUAGG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Just double checking. The restaurant reservation is for Saturday at 15:15, correct?|That is correct for 4 people at the oak bistro.
Yes please if it's available.|The booking was successful.  The table well be held for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is QSNSUAGG.  Can I help with anything else today?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!|I'm glad we could help! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I have to get to cambridge from london kings cross for a family matter, can you help me book a train?|Yes, I can help. What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|Is there a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 17;15 on sunday.|TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives 51 minutes later. How is that?
Perfect. I'll need 2 tickets.|I will book that for you now.
Great, can you give me the reference number. Also can you give me some information on emmanuel college please?|Your reference number is : TD9C5XQU.  What else can I do for you today?
Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address of emmanuel college, please?|The phone number is 01223334200.  I can also tell you that there is no entrance fee and its located in centre on saint andrew's street.
I am looking for details on the yu garden restaurant.|Sure, it is an expensive Chinese restaurant.  What would you like to know?
adress and phone number please and thank you|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 0122324882.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge form Stansted Airport.|Okay what day and time would you like to travel?
on wednesday leaving after 11:30|I have train TR6386 that will leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that work for you?
Yes it will what is the price?|It is 10.10 pounds
Great that is all I need for now thank you.|welcome. have we done all you wanted us to?
Yes, thanks for all your help today.|Your welcome. Hope your have a great trip.
Thanks. I appreciate your help. Goodbye.|Is there anything else I can assist with regarding your travels? Perhaps a hotel stay?
I am looking for a train. The train should leave on tuesday and should depart from peterborough|There are several trains that meet that criteria. What destination are you looking for?
I need to leave from Peterborough.|How about TR5042 that arrives at 05:19?
I'd like to arrive by 10:45, do you have something close to that time?|There are several trains that meet that criteria. what time would you like to depart?
Departure time doesn't matter, just want to arrive by 10:45 so whatever is closest to that arrival time.|Great, I have a train that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Wait, does this train go to Cambridge? That's my destination.|Yes I have a train that arrives at Cambridge on tuesday at 10:38 would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it.|I'd be happy to  help with your request, how many tickets do you need?
Just one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : ORMU35RU.
I didn't actually need to reserve a seat. Could you comfirm the departure time of that train?|TR9620 leaves at 09:48. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need for now, thanks!|You're welcome. Have a safe trip!
I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.|Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.|There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north please.|There are two guesthouses fulfilling your requirements. Do you prefer city centre north b and b with zero stars or worth house with 4 stars?
Um, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse. How about the moderate price range?|We have two hotels that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes I would, for 5 people please for 2 nights starting on Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : RF3EBI6I. Anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|thank you for using this service good bye
I'm looking for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.|I was able to find it, would you like to book a room there?
Yes please, for 5 nights starting Sunday, there will be 8 people in my party.|All right, you have a reservation beginning Sunday for 5 nights for a party of 8 at Rosa's. Your reference number is 8E3J63R1.
Great, thanks. I am also looking to book a train for this Friday. I am hoping to leave after 08:45.|What is your destination?
I'm headed to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.|There are 8 trains fitting your criteria. TR7057 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 09:59. Would you like to book this train?
Possibly, what time does it arrive at London Liverpool Street?|The 9:59 train leaves Cambridge and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 11:27.
What's the travel time on that trip?|It takes the TR7057 88 minutes to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
Thank you for your help, I'll pick up tickets at the station.|No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, I think that is it, enjoy your day!|Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.  Can you assist me?|what kind of place are you looking for? area?
I would like a hotel in the north that has free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book the room and can I have the reference number|Booking for 1 night for 1 person from monday was successful. Your reference number is D3MYG9R0. Can I assist with anything else, restaurant, attractions?
I also need a Wednesday train to Cambridge.|I have found several trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
Actually I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|Is there a certain time you are wanting to leave?
I need it to arrive by 21:00.|15 trains match your needs. Do you want to complete a booking?
Yes. Please choose the first available train and book it for 6 people. Then give me the reference number|I was able to book train TR0677 and you reference number is 6VAA5F0P.
Thank you.  That is all I need for now.|Have a wonderful trip.
Yes I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on monday, would you please help me with that?|I can help you with that! We have many options available on Monday, where are you travelling from?
I am travelling from Peterborough. I would also like to arrive by 15:00.|TR9063 arrives in Cambridge on Monday at 14:38, would you like to make a reservation?
Book it for 6 people.|I went ahead and booked that train. Your reference number is TQDMTW4Z. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay too.|Do you have an area, price range, or star rating in mind?
A FOUR STAR RATING,WITH A PRICE RANGE IN THE NEIGHBORHHOOD OF 1000 POUNDS. PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO BE IN THE LONDON,ENGLAND AREA IF I MAY TO BE NEAR THE CLUBS.|Just for clarification would you like to be in the city centre?
Just as long as it is located in the south.|With a 4-star rating and located in the south, I have 2 options. Both are guesthouses. One is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the other is Rosa's Bed & Breakfast.
Either one works, I need to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday.  I'll also need a reference number.|I was able to book you at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people.  Your reference number is ZJMOAB2L.
Thank you so much! Goodbye|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a good day. Good bye.
I am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.|Home from Home is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from Saturday.|I was able to book your room for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.  The reference number is : SV1VVPV4.  Is there anything else you need?
That will do it.  Thank you for your assistance!  Have a good day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Actually, I also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling?
Im traveling to Cambridge from london liverpool street arriving by 11:45 the day of my hotel booking.|Train #TR0357 leaves at 9:39 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, thank you. I don't need a ticket at this time.|Ok! Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all for now. Thank you.|Ok, thank you. Have a good day.
I am looking for a place to dine in the east part of Cambridge that serves indian food.|I've found four in that area. Curry prince and Rajmahal are moderately priced. Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori are more expensive. Do any of these sound good to you?
Curry Prince sounds good. Thank you.|Would you like to make a reservation at Curry Prince? If so, for how many and when?
I need a reservation for 7 people on Sunday at 11:30 please and can you give me the reference number?|Great your reference number is 63U62R15
Thanks! I also need a train departing from leicester and arriving by 8:45.|I can help you with that, what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving on Sunday and I want to arrive in cambridge by 8:45.|I have a train that leaves at 06:09 and arrives at 07:54.  Would you like me make a reservation?
Yes, and give me the train id, please.|The train ID is TR0466, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket, please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station . Your Reference number is : PFLVZ20N. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am all set. Thanks!|I need to report a crime.
You should go to the local police department?|The police department is 01223358966
Thank you for the information|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help!|If that is all you need assistance with I thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Thank you for your help.|Thank you, enjoy.
Hello, I am looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge please.|I am able to book you a train that's on that route but I need to know what day and time you need the train.
I need to travel on saturday and leave after 11:45|There are 25 trains that fit your needs. The earliest train leaves at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38. Would you like me to book you on this train?
Yes, please. I need 2 tickets please and the reference number.|Okay, great. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 28VT1KZ3. You'll owe 26.4 which can be paid at the station.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Preferably a museum in the west.|sure, there are seven for you to choose from.
That's a lot of options.  Do any of the museums offer free admission?|All are free admission,except for Cambridge Folk Museum
What is the phone number and address for that place?|You can call them at 01223355159, and they are located at 2-3 castle street. Can I help with anything more today?
Thanks for all your help.  That will be all for today.|Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your trip, good day.
I need to book a train from Cambridge and Norwich on Wednesday and I need to be there at 15:30.|When would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave as long as I get there by 15:30.|There are 9 trains matching your query. Shall I book one?
Can I get the departure and travel time of the train arriving closest to 15:30?|The travel time is 79 minutes.
And the departure time please? For the train that arrives closest to 15:30?|The departure time is 13:38 and it arrives at 14:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you and that is all i needed.|Thank you, have a nice day, goodbye.
I need a train to Birmingham New Street that arrives by 8:00.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge on tuesday|Okay, I've got a training leaving at 5:01 and arriving by 07:44, will that be good?
Perfect. I'd like 8 tickets please.|Okay I have booked you 8 tickets on this train. Your reference number is E4459YTN. Is there anything else?
Okay. Thank you for your help. That is all I believe.|Sure.  Glad to have helped.
I need to take a train into Cambridge on Wednesday.|I found 202 trains that day, do you have a departure location you would like to start at?
I am leaving Birmingham New Street and would like to arrive by 17:15, can you book that for me?|No problem. How many seats would you like to book?
Make it for three people, and tell me the reference number.|I have booked your train tickets for 3 passengers. It is leaving Birmingham New Street at 10:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:23. Your reference number is OICBJMQ6. The total price is 225.3 GBP and will be payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can I get booking at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?|Of course, I will need to know when you are staying, how long, and how many will be in your party.
We'll need it for the same day, Wednesday, for the same 3 people. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.|I am very sorry I was unable to book for 5 nights at the alpha-milton guest house.  Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Ok, well how about 3 nights instead?|They did in have fact have rooms for 3 days. Your reference number is 54927PC2.
Great thank you. What is the address for the Alpha-Milton?|63 Milton Road.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that will be everything today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train to go to London Kings Cross.|There are several available option to travel to Kings cross today. What time would you like to travel?
I need to travel after 9am|There are 56 trains. How does the TR2000 train that leaves at 9 am sound?
that will be ok. thank you for your help|Can I look up anything else for you?
That's on Wednesday, right?|No, that's on Friday, actually. On Wednesday, I have TR6583 departing Cambridge at 9:00, going to London King's Cross. Will that work for you?
Okay very good. What's the train ID on that please?|TR6583, would you like for me to get you tickets?
Yes please book that train for me.|Sure, will you be traveling alone?
Yes it's just going to be me.|I've booked you a ticket. The fee is 23.6 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 3XI4V3C1. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|thanks for your service
Have a nice day.|Have a great day. Let me know if you need any other help.
I will. Thanks again!|You're welcome. Please call us again if you need anything else.
I need to find a train to bishops stortford please.|When will you be departing and where will you be departing from?
I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive by 14:30 in Bishops Stortford.|There 35 trains to choose from, do you have a preference on a date and departure time?
Yes, I'd like to leave Thursday, what are the departure times and travel times?|The first leaves at 05:29 and the last pulls out at 13:29. How many tickets please?
That's not necessary. I need a place to stay too.|Okay, do you know what sort of place you want or where located?
I need a hotel in the west ,  free parking is not necessary but it should be rated 4 stars.|How about finches bed and breakfast? They are in the west and have an excellent 4 stars. Free internet and parking!
Sounds great. Can I get more information on finches bed and breakfast please?|Finches address is 144 thornton road, postcode cb30nd.  May I book it for you?
Would it be possible to book it for eight people for four nights?|Okay, when would you like to begin your stay?
On Sunday, please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : JFMQZLIX. Is there something else I can assist you with?
No thank you that was all I needed.  Good bye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
i need a train  from stansted airport  to cambridge|What day and approximately what time will you be traveling to Cambridge?
I need to get there by 20:30 on Wednesday.|You could grab the TR3828 leaving stansted airport it will get you there by 09:52.
Can you get me there a little bit earlier?|How about 05:24 that is the earliest, how many tickets please?
There will be 8 of us.|Okay, I have you booked for train TR5910. The total fee is 80.8 GDP.  Is there anything more I can do for you?
I also need a guesthouse for 8 and needs to be a 4 star|There are 5 different options that fit that criteria, 2 in the east, 2 in the north, and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Which of those have free wifi?|There are actually 18 different options to choose from. Is there a certain part of the city you'd like to stay in, or a particular price point?
Any price point is fine as long as it is 4 star and has free parking.|How about Allenbell?
Sure, Can I have a reference Number?|I need some more information first. What day will you be checking in on, and how many days will you be staying for? And how many people?
Actually, I change my mind. I will take care of the booking later. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you contacting us, it was a pleasure to help. If you need any assistance feel free to contact us again, goodbye.
I need to get out of the city on Friday, can you find me a train?|There are many options available to you on Friday.  Where would you be leaving from?
I would like to depart from cambridge.|Would train TR5767 work? It leavees at 05:00.
No, we are going to norwich and need to leave after 14:15.|TR2420 leaves at 15:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need 1 ticket.|I have made that reservation for you on train TR2420 and your reference number is 2A3LMYL1.
I also need to find a restaurant in the west with a moderate price range.|I have three options with a moderate price range in the west.  Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian?
Do you have any options in the west with Greek food?|I'm sorry, we don't have any Greek restaurants anywhere in town. Is there anything else that would work?
how about one that serves british food?|Saint Johns Chop House serves British food and is located in the west. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at 10:00.|What day will you be dining there?
I will be dining there on Friday.|I have you booked on Friday at 10:00. The reference number is 5ALATF6D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I will need, thank you. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  I hope you enjoy your train ride and dinner.
Hello, I am wondering if you can help me with some information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?|Sure thing.  It is on the north side of town and is on the lower end of the price range. It also has internet access!
What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223312843.  Do you have any other questions?
I'm also looking for a train from norwich to get to the hotel on the same day as I book.|Sure thing. What day are you booking you hotel?
The hotel booking is for 4 people starting Monday. We will stay 2 nights. I need the train from Norwich to arrive in Cambridge by 15:15. Please provide reference numbers.|The hotel booking was successful. Your reference number is 51WCMSMB. How many tickets would you like for the train?
Great I also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking and departs from norwich.|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets right now. I just need to know the departure time, travel time, and price for that train, please.|I understand. The TR3087 would depart at 13:16, and have you in Cambridge around 14:35. It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket, and takes 79 minutes travel time.
That's all I needed, thanks so much for the assistance!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am a museum buff, does not matter what they have in them, I'll go.  What museums are in Cembridge?|We have 79 museums in town.  What part of town would you prefer?
Anywhere should be fine, thanks!|Okay, how about byard art located on 14 king's parade?
please get me their phone number and entrance fee|They're free to enter, and their phone number is 01223464646.
That helps. Thanks. Can you help me find a train for Friday please?|Yes, Where is your destiantion and what date & time?
I would like to go from cambridge to boxbourne on friday.|We have about 19 options. May i know your preferred travel and arrival time so i can recommend one for you.
friday and I want to leave after 19:15 going to broxbourne to cambridge, I just need the trains id please|okay the TR3342 leaves at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01.
Thank you very much for you help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you, you too.
Need a restaurant called the golden curry|They are a wonderful indian restaurant in the centre of town. They are rather expensive. They are located on Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you reserve a table?
Yes please.  There will 8 of us at 15:15 on Monday.|Booking was successful.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7X63LJXX. Anything else?
I'm looking for a train as well to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:15, is there anything available?|Where will you be traveling from?
I would like to leave from Birmingham New Street.|On what day are you looking to travel?
Same day as my Golden Curry reservation, please.|The TR9942 will get you there at 11:23. Would that work for you?
Yes that is all I need, thank you.|Is there anything else i can you with such as booking reservations for entertainment ventures afterwards.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.|I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.|TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel|The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride.  Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : G368B2VI.  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi|I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.|What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
Again, 3 star with free wifi. I don't care about the price. It has to be in the centre, though.|The Gonville Hotel will meet all of your needs.  Would you like me to book it?
No, not yet. I just need the postcode.|Okay, the postcode is cb11ly. What else can I help with?
That is all, thank you for your help today.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Hi, can you help me find a train on Monday, please?|Sure, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester.|There are many trains available on that day. At what time will you be traveling?
I will be leaving by 5:15.|what is your destination?
It should go to leicester|Did you mean departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge?  We do not have trains from Leicester to Leicester.
sorry, im going from cambridge to leicester|TR8631 will leave at 5:21 and arrive by 7:06. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 60SBSNJP.
Thank you for your time and help, sorry for the confusion.  Have a great day !|have a great day too.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Can you suggest places to go in town centre? I'm interested in a college. Let me know the entrance fee and the phone number please.|I have the downing college located at regent street with free entrance fee.
Please get me their phone number|I have several available. How does Christ's college  on saint andrew's street with free entrance sound? Their phone number is 01223334900.
That is all.|Great. Glad I could be of help.
I want to know if any trains run on Sunday?|Yes, I have 404 trains running on Sunday. Where are you departing from?
I'll be heading to Cambridge from Stevenage, and I'd like to arrive on Sunday by 12:45, please.|How about train TR8799, which departs on Sunday at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51?
That sounds good, how much is a ticket?|The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please go ahead and book that for me. I am also looking for a place to stay and can you find me a Guest house with free wifi?|I'm unsure if the wifi at Alexander Bed and Breakfast is free but it is cheap and in the center of town and definitely does have internet access. Would that do?
Actually, I would prefer a guesthouse is the north.|Okay I have many options. Any price preferences?
no, i just need to know the price|I would recommend Archway House, it is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like a reservation?
Okay.  I would like to book the Archway House for three nights and for one person starting on Sunday and what is the price.|Perfect, the Archway House is booked for one person. The reference number is XXA3VM1F. The price is not listed online, the phone number is 01223575314.
Is there an email I can contact them at?|we do not have email contact information on the venues. but you can call them if you like. their phone number is 01223575314.
That would be all thanks you very much|OK, thank you for choosing to visit cambridge, enjoy your stay.
Actually, I'm sorry. Would you be able to confirm that the hotel you've booked has wifi? I don't have that in my notes.|The Archway House has wifi. Also, I see that the train was not booked. I can book the TR8225 leaving stevanage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43. OK?
I don't actually need the train booked yet, I just needed to know the price. I think I have everything I need now, thanks for your help!|The price is 10.24 pounds per ticket.
Thank you for looking that up for me.|You are welcome. Are you sure that all your questions have now been answered? I can wait.
Yes that is everything thank you for all your help. Goodbye|You are welcome! Have a great trip to cambridge!
Hello, I'd like to find a train to Cambridge on Thursday please.|And where will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave from Stansted Airport after 11:45.|I can book you on train TR9775 leaving Stansted Airport going to Cambridge Thursday at 12:24, will that work?
How much does it cost and when does it arrive?|It arrives at 12:52 and costs 10.10 pounds. Would you like a booking?
Not at this time thank you.|Ok. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks!|Thank you and have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.|Do you have a particular museum in mind or would you like suggestions?
I would be open to suggestions please.|Great! The Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street would be a good choice; and there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number and postcode?
Yes, I do need the information.|The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks. Please help me find information about a train to Cambridge. It should get there by 18:15|I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from kings lynn.|The TR3677 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
I need a train that will leave on Saturday.|TR1499 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
That should work. Can you give me the price?|Yes, the price is 7.84 pounds per person, shall I book you?
Not right now, I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|I'm not finding any expensive Italian restaurants in centre. Do you have a second choice?
Actually I don't need a restaurant after all.  I have all I needed, thanks.  Goodbye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
Hello, could you tell me where the old schools attraction is located?|Yes.  It is in the centre of town on trinity lane.
What is the postcode for this place?|The postcode is cb21tt. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 14:30|Where will you be traveling to? And what day will you be leaving?
i'm going to stevenage on wednesday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I need to leave after 14:30 please.|Okay. The TR7245 leaves at 15:21. Would you like me to book it for you
What is the travel time and how much will it cose?|Travel time is 49 minutes, and the price is 12.80. Would you like me to book passage for you?
no thanks. not necessary. thanks though. goodbye|thanks for using our service. goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 10:15 and departs from Ely|No problem! What day would you like to leave?
Tuesday, going to Cambridge please.|Any departure time in mind?
The train should leave on tuesday and should go to cambridge and arrive by 10:15|The TR8685 arrives by 5:52 and costs 4.40 pounds.  Can I book some seats for you?
Please for 8 people.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 35.2 GBP pounds payable at the station and your reservation number is 1OBF5WF2
Great thank you I also am looking for some place to go in the centre of town.|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King St and has free admission.
Thank you, that sounds fine. I see you have included the address and the entrance fee. That's all I need. Thanks very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to find a cheap place to eat.|I can find that for you.  What cuisine are you interested in?
We would prefer vietnamese please. In the west area?|There is a restaurant called Thanh Binh.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes i would like a table for 7 people on monday at 13:15|Booking was unsuccessful do you have any other preference?
Can you try 12:15 on Monday?|Your reservation has been set for Monday at 12:15 for 7 people.  The reference number is 3MTLQCBA. Can I do anything else for you?
Thank you I also need a train on tuesday leaving after 17:30|I would be happy to help with that. Can you tell me the departure city and where you are going?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Stevenage. I would like to leave after 17:30 please.|Alright, TR6692 looks like your best bet. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes. Please book that for me. Thanks so much!|How many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one ticket, please.|I've booked that ticket for you.  The reference number is FTLHURXQ, and the total fee is 12.8 GBP.
Thank you, what is the arrival time?|The travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to know any more info?
Can you tell me when that train will be arriving in stevenage?|Certainly. The train will arrive at 20:10. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about does it.  Thanks for the help today.|It was my pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Are there any entertainment places in the east?|Yes! There are boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, sports, and more in the east. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference.|Can I recommend camboats in the east?
Yes, that sounds like a great choice. Can you give me the phone number for them?|The phone number is 01223902112.
Great, thanks.  I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn.  I can't leave till after 18:00 though.|Where will you be departing from?
From Cambridge.  I need to book for 7 people on that train.  I will also need the reference number.  Thanks a bunch!|What day did you want to travel on?
I would like to travel on Tuesday.|TR9452 leaves cambridge at 18:11 and arrives in kings lynn at 18:58. Will that work for you?
yes that's pretty good. Thanks!|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need you to book that train for 7 please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : R5CBD0OD. Can I help with anything else today?
Great. You have been very helpful.  That is all I needed.  Thanks.  Bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?|Yes there are 21 different places that match your description.
Surprise me.|How about cotto? It's a moderately priced british restaurant.
Yes please book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday|OK, you have a table for 7 at Cotto on Monday at 15:45. Your reference number is BNH1DKPW. Can I help with anything else today?
I am looking for a train to pick me up at Birmingham New Street and arrive in Cambridge before 12:00 on the day of my reservation.|I can book train TR6309 for you, leaving 8:40 and arriving at 11:23 in Cambridge. How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets. And can you please provide me with the reference number please?|i have booked you 7 tickets and the reference number is CGILQN2G. is there anything i can help you with?
Thank you. That is all for now.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I need a train to Peterborough from Cambridge please|Which day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday, and arrive by 14:45|TR9859 would fit your needs shall i book it ?
Actually, no need to book. But, can I get the travel time and the price of the ticket please?|Of course. The travel time is 50 minutes. The price is 16.50 pounds. Would you like any other information?
Yes, I'm also looking for places to go in town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of attraction were you looking for?
I would like to find a museum in the centre of town.|There are many. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. What is your favorite museum? I'd like their address and postcode. You're a lifesaver!|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is excellent. They're at University of Cambridge, Downing Street in postcode cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Um... no, I think I should be good with that. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes. I'm looking for a train, please.|Of course. Where will you be departing from and arriving? When would you like to leave?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Sunday.|There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on sunday, do you have a destination or time?
Well, I'm thinking I need to leave sometime after 10:45 for Norwich.|There is a train leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 11:36 which arrives at 12:55. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket please.|Your booking was successful. The ticket fee is 14.08 pounds and is payable at the station. Your reference number is 23G7RUXL. May I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you very much.  I am all set.  Have a nice day.|You too.  Good bye.
I need a place to eat that serves sea food.|I have only one option that is in the expensive price range and in the center of town. It is called Loch Fyne. Would that interest you?
That works. Then I'd to book for seven people  at 11:00 on friday|Sounds Great! I will contact them about booking a reservation for seven people at 11:00 on Friday
Ok, could I get the reference number for that reservation please?|I'm very sorry there seems to be an error in our system.  There are no results for a seafood restaurant. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like?
Could you try the same requirement for Wednesday?|I was able to book you for a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:00. The reference number is XBG9YHTB.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I also need a train to London Kings Cross, on Thursday.|The TR8272 to London Kings Cross on Thursday leaves at 05:00 and arrives and 05:51.  The price is 23.60 pounds.  Is that a good train for you?
As long as it is departing from Cambridge and arriving before 14:00, I am good with that train.  I am needing to book for 7 people please.|I have you booked for 7 on TR8272. Your total fee is 165.2, payable at the station and your reference number is TMUT96XE. Can I further assist you?
no that's all thanks!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.|Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.|What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter  as long as I can leave after 9:00.|I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?|There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range.|Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.|I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area.|I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.|Ok I will book it for you
Looking for a museum with free entrance fees.|I can certainly help with that.
Oh, gosh. My daughter doesn't like the sound of that. She wants to explore the city. Can you help me find a train?|Yes, when were you planing on visiting and from where?
I'll be traveling from Leicester to Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are 19 trains that day, do you have a time you'd like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by 10:00. How long will the trip be?|The trip takes 105 minutes. I have one arriving at 09:54.
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 4 star hotel but cheap.|I have a few 4 star hotels in the city that are cheap. Do you have a preference for the area?
Can you give me the address and postcode of one?|56 saint barnabas road postcode ce12de
alexander bed and breakfast
Thank you for all your information.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
nope that's it thanks|Ok great. Have a wonderful day.
I sure hope so. I'd like to find a place to stay, with four stars, in the north.|I have about 8 options for you. They are all guesthouses. Do you have a preferred price range?
Price is not of any concern, just so it has a 4 star rating.|What dates would you like to stay?
Oh, I think I forgot to mention that it needs to be a 4 star guesthouse. I want to book Saturday for 7 people 2 nights.|All the 8 hotels are 4 star hotels. I recommend the Avalon or the Archway House. Should I book one of those for you and your party?
Yes, please book a reservation.|I have successfully booked you for avalon. Reference number is RI8WLX7E. Do you need anything else?
I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?|Ok, and where are you heading to?
I am heading to Ely.|What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry.  I need to leave after 16:00 going to London Liverpool Street.|The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.|I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please|There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode please?|Yes, I am waiting for my system to load I will have that for you shortly.
Um, ok. Are you read to give me that information now?|01223210353 is the phone number. The postcode is cb13js. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need from you today, Thanks a bunch!|Thank you. Feel free to call back if you need assistance.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.|I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?|we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.|I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free parking, my price range is on the expensive end.|Okay, we have 5 hotels that match your criteria. Is there a specific area you're looking for?
Yes, I'm thinking I'd like it to be in the north.  Does that help?|Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive hotels in the North that have rooms available. Would you like me to try another area or another price range?
What about any in the cheap range?|Worth House is a four star guesthouse on 152 Chesterton Road that seems like a good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, can you please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from thursday?|I booked the room for 5 people and five nights starting on Thursday.  The Reference number is : MCS14SHL.
Thank you that is all I need, goodbye|great, have a wonderful day!
I need a train on Thursday going to Cambridge.|Sure, where will you be leaving from?
Departing from london liverpool street going to cambridge arriving by 13:45 on thursday please.|The TR8805 arrives by 1:07.  How many tickets would you like?
Just one, please|You're booked for this train and the fee is 16.60 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KE8GRDRB. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks.  I also need to find a place to dine.  I'm looking for something moderate in price and in the west.|I have british, indian, or italian, what are you in the mood for?
Let's try italian food.|Okay, I've got the Prezzo in the West area. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode for it please?|Sure thing, their zip code is cb30ad.
What's the address and phone number for that too?|They are located at 21-24 Northampton Road.  The phone number is 01799521260.
Thanks so much! That's all I need. Goodbye!|Have a nice day as well. Goodbye.
I need to book a train to cambridge on Monday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing out of Stevenage.|We have 10 different trains on that day. What time will you be departing or arriving?
I want to arrive by 16:45.|Okay TR8265 departs at 09:54. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sorry, I looked at the calendar. I need a Thursday train, not a Monday.  Can you please find a train on that day instead?|Okay, no problem.  The TR1163 train leaves at 05:54.  Will that work for you?
What time will the train arrive in Cambridge?|It arrives at 	06:43.
Ok please book that for 5 people.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  9JXA0UWF.
Thank you. I am also looking for a museum to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|Broughton house gallery is a great place in the centre of town! The entrance fee is free! Would you like their information?
Yes, please give me the postcode, entrance fee and address.|They are at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln, admission is free, any further questions today?
No thank you.|Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope, you have been extremely helpful.  Thanks again. Bye.|You are welcome.  Have a great time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I'm looking for a train departing london kings cross going to cambridge.|Okay! When would you like the train to depart?
I want the train to leave after 11:00 on Thursday.|TR4216 leaves at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge by 12:08, would you like me to book you tickets for that one?
What is the travel time for that ride?|It is a 51 minute ride. Is that all the information you need?
I also need a place to stay. I would like to find a 3 star holel that has free parking.|Do you have an area of town in mind?
No, I am open to different areas. I would like something expensive though. Oh, and make that with free parking and wifi.|I have two to choose from. One in the center and one in the south. Which would you prefer?
The center one is good. Could you provide me with the room type hotel or guesthouse) and the address, postcode as well.|The gonville hotel is a hotel located on gonville place, cb11ly. Phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks so much! Have a great day. Goodbye|You too. Thank you. Goodbye
I'm trying to find a train that departs from London Kings Cross on Thursday. Can you help me book a ticket?|Sure, are you coming to Cambridge? What time would you like to depart?
Any time that lets me arrive by 08:45.|The TR4016 from london kings cross to	cambridge, traveling on thursday, leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 8:08. Should I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?|great, I was able to get your tickets. Reference number is FCRRA5HL and the tickets, 188.8 GBP are payable at the station, anything else?
Yes, have you heard of a restaurant called Curry King?|Yes, Curry King is an Indian restaurant in the centre. What more information would you like?
Can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday?|I have your table reserved. The reference number is ZTVSJGBZ.
Thank you for reserving that for me. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I want a train leaving on sunday.|I can help with that. What is the date and time you would like to leave?
I need to leave cambridge and go to kings lynn and arrive by 16:45 on sunday|The train that will have you arrive closest to the time of 16:45 is TrainID TR9024. Would you like me to secure a reservation?
Yes please.  And can I have the reference number?|How many tickets do you need?
I changed my mind, don't worry about getting me a train reservation. Just please recommend an attraction to visit on the West side of town|I would recommend Churchill College on Storey's Way. They have free admission. Would you like anything else?
Yes. May I please get the phone number to Churchill College?|Yes the number is 01223336233. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No that will be all! Thank you!|I was happy to help you today. Please contact us again, if you need further assistance. Good-bye.
I need to book a train to travel to London Kings Cross leaving after 10:45.  Can you help me with this?|Sure! Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are trains leaving at the hour throughout the day and night. If can book one of those for you if you like.
I need to leave after 10:45.|I can book you on TR9781 leaving Cambridge at 11 on Wednesday.  How many tickets should I reserve?
Can you book me 6 tickets please? I will also need the reference number too.|I've reserved six tickets for you. Your reference number is X1C6NI79.
No, that will be everything. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, enjoy your trip.
Are there any colleges I can visit in the center of town?|There are 13 options. Ten of these colleges are free to enter.
Great! I'll take any of the free ones you have, but can I please have the phone number and the postcode for it?|How about pembroke college? It's number is 01223331100	and post code is cb21st
I also need a train to Cambridge, arrive by 21:45.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Birmingham New Street, and need to leave on Monday.|The closest arrival I have to that is TR1404 which arrives by 21:23. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the departure time?|The departure time is 18:40.  Would you like for me to book it?
No booking needed. I have everything I need. Thank you and have a nice day.|Have a nice day to you as well.
Can you find me a train going to london liverpool street arriving by 21:45?|I sure can.  What day were you hoping to travel?
The train should leave on Friday.|There is a train leaving at 5:59 on Friday.
How long will the trip take?|The trip will take around 88 minutes. What else would you like to know?
When I get to Cambridge, I'd like to see some attractions in the centre of town. What is there to see and do?|We have 44 attractions. What type of attraction would you like?
I don't have a preference can you suggest something?|I would like to recommend holy trinity church as it is beautiful architecture.
What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223355397.  Would you also like their address?
No just the postcode and entrance fee, if available.|Admission is free and their postcode is cb23nz. What else can I help you with?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping|thanks for using our services. good day
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.|I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?|Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side|I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.|How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?|Where do you want to travel to and from?
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 11:15. I am going to stevenage|What day would you like to leave Cambridge?
I'll be leaving on Sunday.|The TR5390 would be great, do you need a booking?
Yes please book it for 1 ticket. I'll also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : HBX3KMT9.
Thanks so much! Could I get the phone number for the Acorn Guesthouse?|their phone number is 01223353888. would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I'd just like to have the information for now.|Okay thank you so much for the help.
That is all I need.|Hope you have a wonderful stay!
Hi, I'm looking to take a train on Tuesday and heading to Cambridge.|Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|ok, what time do you want to depart?
Well I want to arrive by 16:15.|You have quite a few options. Would you rather leave early in the morning because trains run every two hours from 05:35 ?
I could leave in the morning.|How many tickets please?
Are there are jamaican restaurants in the centre part of town?|Regretfully, no. Is there another cuisine you would enjoy?
Oh no.  I had my heart set on Jamaican.  Can you please verify?  I'll have to think a minute on another cuisine.|I am unable to find any Jamacian restaurants in town.
Well bummer. How about a restaurant that serves Indian food instead?|There are plenty of those to choose from. Do you have a price range?
i need expensive, please.|There are 6 expensive Indian restaurants in the city. May I recommend Curry King?
Which ever you think is the best, please give me the address.|I would suggest curry king.
Thanks, what is their address?|their address is 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! I am also looking for a train going to Broxbourne on Thursday.|Okay! From Cambridge?
Yes, I am departing from Cambridge. Thanks!|There are several trains available. Do you have a preference on departure or arrival times?
Yes, I need to make sure I leave by 17:00.|I recommend TR2125 that leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01
Great, it leaves after 8:15, the time I should have told you in the first place.  What is the travel time on TR2125 please?|The travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No that is all i need, thank you|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks.  You've been very helpful.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling.  It was nice speaking with you!  Have a nice day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|OK, how can I help you?
I need a train to Cambridge leaving after 13:45.|The earliest Train leaving to cambridge is on friday at 15:17, this train will be leaving from london kings cross. Is this okay?
Not at all. I need a train departing from Peterborough to Cambridge.|TR2521 leaves at 13:48 would that work for you?
Is that train running on Sunday? I need to travel from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday.|The TR9407 leaves on Sunday. It travels from Peterborough to Cambridge. It departs at 13:48. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book that for 7 people and I need the reference number.|Great! Your reference number for TR7864 leaving Peterborough at 14:19 and arriving in Cambridge at 15:09 on Sunday for 7 people is confirmed. The total will be 92.4 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is PXS0GH2C. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a cheap guest house. It should be 4 stars in any area.|we have quite a few when were you planning your stay
Sunday, 2 nights. 7 people.|I would recommend the Leverton house in the east then. What day are you arriving?
It will be on Sunday.|Can I give you more information about Leverton House? Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, can I also have the reference number?|Your all set! Ref # is 6C507J4U.
Great, thank you! Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're welcome.  I hope you have a great day.
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|What day would you like to depart? And where will you be heading?
I want to leave on Friday and go Cambridge.|Which station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Stevenage on Friday after 15:15.  How much will that cost?|There are 5 different trains for that day/time, but they are all 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's fine, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the Curry Garden.|I found it would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant called curry garden.|Curry Garden is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town, located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp.
Thanks so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I'll be needing for today.   Bye.|Okay enjoy your dining and your visit in Cambridge.
I want to find an expensive Indian restaurant.|There are 14 Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. What part of town would you like?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.|Curry Garden meets your criteria. The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the postal code for the Curry Garden?|The postcode for Curry Garden is cb21dp.
Ok, great thanks. Can you also help me find a train going to stevenage?|There are 70 trains to Cambridge. What day will you be travelling?
Sorry, I'm looking for a train TO stevenage arriving by 14:00 on Friday.|I have four trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They arrive at 06:10, 08:10, 10:10, and 12:10. Would you like to book one of these?
No booking necessary, but could you tell me the travel time?|The travel time between cambridge and stevenage is 49 minutes.
Sounds good thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling and do please call us again in the future. Have a great day.
I am looking to find a train. It needs to go to Cambridge and it has to leave on Monday.|I have 202 trains travelling to Cambridge on Monday, could you be more specific on when you'd like to depart and from where?
I'd like to depart from Stevenage after 19:45.|I have one train departing at 19:54, one at 21:54, and the last one at 23:54. Will any of those work?
Yes, 19:54 will be fine. I'd like tickets for 5 people.|Congratulations! Your booking was successful with a reference number of DMEL46A6 and a fee of 64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I just need a little help booking a train from cambridge.|Where are you traveling to?
To Bishops Stortford I need to arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.|What time do you need to depart and on what day?
I don't care what time I depart as long as I can arrive by 12:45 on Tuesday.|Alright perfect! How many people will need tickets?
I will need 4 tickets please.|Your reference number is SIRFMX3O. May I help you with anything else today?
Can you find a hotel for me called Alexander Bed and breakfast?|That's a 4-star guesthouse in the city centre.  They offer free wifi and parking.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please, for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting Saturday.|Great! The reference number is ZFGSW8HU, do you need help with anything else?
Nope, That's all I need. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. Can you help me out?|Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating on the east side of town. Do you need additional information or want to book a room?
Can you give me the address please?|They are located at 710 newmarket road
Great, thanks. Now could you also help me find a train?|i will be glad to help. when do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday after 10:15.|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'd like to depart from Peterborough. I'm heading to Cambridge. I'll need to book for 8 people.|I've made reservations on TR6932 and your reference number is C8XK2EPK.
thanks for all of your help|Thank you for using this service
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help you find a hotel that you might like.
Thanks, I'm looking for something in the east and have 4 stars.|There are several guesthouses in that area. Is there a price range you would prefer, or maybe free wifi or parking?
Actually, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.|There are no hotels in that area, just guesthouses. Would you like me to try a different area?
No, I guess a guesthouse will be fine. Can you book a room for me for Thursday?|Will the Carolina bed and breakfast be alright?
Yes, sounds perfect. I want to book it for 4 nights. There will be 8 people and we will be arriving on Thursday.|Okay, great. The booking was successful! The reference number is LG0RKIGF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am  also looking for a train. The train should depart from ely and should go to cambridge.|I'll need to get some additional information from you to narrow down the results. What day do you want to travel and what time do you want to leave?
I wasn't to arrive by 15:45.|Train leaves at 5:35 and cost 4.40 pounds
I'm traveling to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on friday.|Where will you be coming from, and what time would you like to depart from there?
I'd like to get on the train at London Kings Cross and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|TR4748 leaves Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08.  Will that work?
That sounds perfect!  Can I purchase 3 tickets on that train, please?|Ok, 3 tickets are booked! Your reference number is BDJACGOT. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a place to eat near the centre area.  Can you assist me with that?|of course! i have many options for you in that area.
What I'd really like is Spanish food. What are my choices?|There are two different place: La Tasca and La Raza.  La Tasca is moderately price and La Raza is cheap.
La Raza sounds great.  Can I book a table for 3 on Friday at 19:15?|It is booked! Your reference number is: KDXKRQCD. Can I help with anything else?
No that's it! Thank you for your help!|Glad to have been of assistance. Thank you for using our service, have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in town in the north.|There are 4 attractions in the north. Do you want to specify an attraction type?
No I don't care.|Would you prefer to go boating, swimming, or to visit a park?
Uh, let's set it up for a park visit. I'll need the address and is there an entrance fee?|The address is milton country park, milton. Entrance is free!
Thanks, that's great! I'm also looking for a train on Thursday from Kings Lynn.|That would be to cambridge correct? I have 19 for that day. Did you have a certain time you wished to leave or arrive?
Yes correct to cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 20:45.|The latest train that leaves at 19:11 and arrives at 19:58 for 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
That should work for us, I will need tickets for 7 please and the reference number.|The booking was successful. The total fee is 68.6 GBP and your reference number is 8TU1PRQV. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thanks. You've been most helpful today. Most helpful, indeed.|Happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need a train to cambridge|Please be specific about when you are leaving and by what time you intend to arrive to help me to narrow down.
I'd like to depart from Ely on Wednesday after 12:15.|There is a train at 13:35 that cost 4.40 pounds. Would you like to take it?
Yes please. Could you also give me the train ID?|Their ID is TR1039.
Ok, thank you. I also need some help finding a guesthouse.  I also would like free wifi.|We've got a lot of options for guesthouses, what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in Cambridge please.|Ok, centre, north, east, west, or south side?
I'd like a cheap place in the centre for 8 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast, 56 Saint Barnabas Road is inexpensive and rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that sounds good.|The booking for Alexander Bed and Breakfast was denied for 8 guests staying five days, starting on Wednesday. Would it be possible to plan a shorter or longer stay?
That's fine, I'd like to book it for 4 nights then.|OK, I have you booked at alexander bed and breakfast for 4 nights. The Reference Number is : 741JC8HU. Anything else I can help you with today?
That takes care of it.  Thank you very much.|You are welcome. Have a very nice stay.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Okay, how can I help you?
im looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food|We have several great options, most of which are in the center of town. My favorite is Caffe Uno.
Sounds great.  I need a reservation for 1 on Wednesday at 15:30|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AYQO5ZTE. Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need a train|what area please and how many tickets
wednesday and I want to get there by 08:00 leaving broxbourne, how much is that?|The trip will cost 17.90 pounds.
Yes I need it to go to cambridge, is that possible?|We have 2 trains that match your criteria - the TR0788 that leaves at 05:32 and the TR0605 that leaves at 06:32. Which one should I book for you?
No, I don't need it booked. What's the price for the TR0788?|The price is 17.90 pounds.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it, thank you!|Do you need a taxi?
Have a great day. Good bye.|Yes, I am happy I could assist.
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b|May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?|They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.|And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.|Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge  from broxbourne.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|It is done, your reference number is YNUEX070 and you will need to pay 14.32 GBP at the station.
Thanks very much for your help today.|Was that everything you needed?
I'm awful with math, what is the travel time on that train?|60 mins would be the total duration.
Thank you for informing about the total duration.|You're welcome!  I hope I've answered all of your questions.  If you need further assistance, please give us a call.
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.|Do you know if you want a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse.|There are two guestshouses available. I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast!
Awesome. That's all I needed.|If I can help you with any other information. Please let me know?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for that B and B?|Yes, the postcode is cb12de.  Would you like to book it?
Hmm, not right now. I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday. Can you help?|I sure can. There are many trains available that day. Can I get your point of departure please?
I am leaving from Leicester after 12:45.|The train leaving closest to your departure time is at 13:09.  The cost is 37.80 pounds and it will arrive by 14:54.  Shall I book a ticket for you?
Please.  I need a reservation for 5 people and would like a confirmation number.|Your tickets have been reserved and the total price is 189 pounds. Reference number is SPYIC5K8. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today.|Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thank you, I think that will be all for today!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a train to cambridge please. Departure day is Tuesday|Sure, where are you leaving from?
I will be coming from Kings Lynn.|Great!  When would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
As long as I leave after 11:30, I don't have an arrival time.  Please provide me with a train ID that would work.|Train TR8699 will leave at 12:11 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:58. Did you need more information or a ticket?
All set on that for now, but i do need info on a place called the scudamores punting co|Scudamore Punting Co is located at Quayside Punting Station, Magdalene St, Cambridge CB5 8AB
Thanks! Do you happen to know their entrance fee?|I actually don't see a price listed in our system. Do you need any other assistance?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.|Great!  Thanks for letting us help you today!
Oh, wait, actually there is something else. Can you tell me the travel time and the price on that train we talked about?|47 minutes. 9.80 pounds.
Ok now I am done thanks|Do you need anything else today? Can I book something for you?
That was all thank you.|Thank you for choosing our service. Please call again if we can assist in any way. Goodbye.
Could you help me with planning my trip? I need a train for Wednesday.|I can definitely help you with that. Which station will you be leaving from and arriving?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to the Stansted Airport.|What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by 18:45.|How about train TR1610? it arrives by 06:08
Great, thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant. Can you help me with that?|Would you like to eat in Cambridge or by the airport?
An expensive restaurant that serves awesome australian food. If not I guess indian will do.|There are Australian restaurants in the area however there are 22 Indian restaurants. Is there an area of town you prefer?
I don't care what area of town it's in, but if there's no Australian places, one of the Indian restaurants will do. Pick your favorite and give me their contact info?|I think you would the Curry Prince.  Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223566388.
One more thing - can I get the postcode for the Curry Prince?|Sure.  The postcode is cb58jj.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!|It was my pleasure. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.  Have a great day.
Hi, do you know of a good night club?|There are 5 good nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. Can I have the phone numbers?|Club Salsa is a nice one, phone is 07782218745. Anything else you need?
I also need a train leaving Stevenage on Saturday, please.|Certainly.  Just to confirm, is Cambridge your destination or are you looking for another destination?
I am looking to go from cambridge to stevenage on saturday leaving after 16:30|The first train out of Cambridge to Stevenage after 16:30 is the TR4216, which leaves at 17:21.
Can you tell me the time it arrives, and the price?|TR4216 arrives in Stevenage at 18:10. Total travel time is 49 minutes, and the per person fare is 10.24 GBP.
OK, thanks, that's all I need.|Okay great. Glad I could be of assistance.
Have a good day. Bye.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk.
I'm looking for train information that leaves broxbourne after 0800. Can you help?|The TR3005 train leaves Broxbourne on Friday at 8:32 and will arrived at Cambridge at 9:32. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please! That would be great. Thank you!|How many tickets do you need?
I only need one ticket.|I have booked a ticket for one and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DFSN06MO.
I also need a cheap place to stay with free parking.|There are several in that price range. Did you have a particular area in mind?
I do not. Can you make a suggestion?|Yes, I would suggest allenbell
It should also be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. Do you think Allenbell would work?|Yes, allenbell meets all that criteria. Would you like me to book?
No, but could I get their address?|Yes, they are at 517a coldham lane, postal is cb13js, can I assist with anything else today?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you. You as well!
Hi, can you suggest some tourist sites to visit in Cambridge?|There are 79 tourist sites listed in Cambridge. What type of attraction are you interested in seeing?
Yes, I'd love to visit a college. Is there a nice one in the city centre?|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.  It is lovely.
What's the entrance fee, address, and phone number?|Christ's college is free to enter.  It's located on saint andrew's street, and their phone number is 01223334900.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train that will leave after 14:00 and should depart from cambridge.|I'm sure we can find what you're looking for. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Norwich this Thursday.|How about the TR5190 train? It leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55.
That sounds perfect, that's all that I needed to know, thank you for your help!|Thank you for choosing the help desk. Good Bye
I'm planning a trip in Cambridge. Can you give me train information?|Absolutely. Let's start by figuring out where you'll be traveling from, and where your destination is.
I am traveling from Cambridge and heading to Birmingham New Street.|What day will you be traveling?
Tuesday, I am leaving from cambridge going to birmingham new street, can I get the train ID when you get a chance please?|What time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to leave by 17:30.|I have Tr6413 leaving at 17:01. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, but can I get a postcode and the entrance fee?|Which attraction do you need the postcode and entrance fee for?
I'm sorry my brain got jumbled there, no to booking a seat on the train. I do need to find some architecture to look at while visiting.|The centre of town boasts some magnificent old churches. Little Saint Mary's, for instance, which is free to visit.
That sounds amazing, what postcode are they in?|It is really marvelous! The postcode is cb21qy, make sure to visit the gift shop too!
Thank you! I think that is all I need today.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to go in the south.|There are 8 different attractions in that area, would you maybe like to go to the cinema or a park?
Can I get post codes?|Postcodes are cb17dy, cb21sj, cb23hg, cb22ad, cb223ae, and cb17gx.
Can you help me find a train from ely to cambridge?|Is there a particular day and time you're looking for?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and not too early, sometime after 10:15.|There is a train from Ely to Cambridge on Friday at 11:35. Would you like a ticket on that train?
That will work. May I get the price, travel time, and train ID for that please?|TrainID: TR0212. Travel time is 17 minutes and the price is 4.4 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. You've been very helpful today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your travels.
I want a train that leaves on Monday.|There are several trains leaving on Monday. May I have your destination?
I would like to travel from Norwich to Cambridge. Are there any leaving after 21:00?|Yes, I could get you tickets on a train leaving at 21:16. TR8920. Would you like to book passage?
Can you tell me what the arrival time is?|it should arrive by 22:35
Would yopu like me to book it for you ?|Well, I can book it for YOU if you would like.  Would you like me to?
No thanks but could you help me find a good college to visit on the south side of town?|I am sorry none of them are in the south. Something else perhaps?
How about a theater in the south?|I have one. What info would you like to know?
why don't you suggest a couple for me please then I will decide what info I need.|The junction theatre is the only one that meets your specified critera.
Okay, thanks! Can you please tell me the entrance fee, address, and phone number?|The address is clifton way, the postcode is cb17gx, but I don't know the entrance fee. Is there anything else you need?
No, but thank you for everything, have a nice day|Have a great day as well. Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm trying to book a train for Saturday that leaves after 18:45.|I can book tickets that leave london kings cross that leaves at 19:17?
No, I don't really want to go there. I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.|I have one leaving at 19:59, if that's acceptable?
Can I get the travel time and train ID?|It is train train TR2166 and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Not just yet. Can you find me a place to dine in the south? Moderate pricing please.|There are two restaurants, would you like italian or modern european?
Ooh, modern european sounds interesting. What have you got?|The european restaurant is restaurant alimentum.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation for 6 people at 10:45 on saturday please.|Unfortunately, they do not have availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Try 9:45 then, please.|That time will not be available. They are closed then.
I'm sorry, before we book the restaurant.. can you make sure the train is departing from Cambridge, please?|Yes, that train is departing from Cambridge.
Are you sure they are closed at 9:45? Is there a different european restaurant in that area available at that time?|No, sorry, that restaurant is the only european restaurant in the area.
Can you book that for 6 people at 09:45 on saturday?|Unfortunately, there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try another time or day?
How about 9:45 instead?|Unfortunately, there are no tables at 9:45. Try requesting a NEW time or day.
Why don't you just schedule it and give me the reference number please I know they are very busy this time of year.|I am sorry but I need for you to specify a date and time please.
Can you try 10:45 on Saturday again? Maybe there was a cancellation.|I'm sorry, again, that time is not available.
Okay. Thanks anyway. Good bye!|You are welcome. Sorry we were unable to book the table for you. Please call back if we can help with anything else.
Can you help me find train tickets?  Thanks!|When would you be traveling?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 11:45 please.|Where are you bound, and where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn and headed to Cambridge.|There is no train leaving kings Lynn.
None, can you check the spelling and search again?|TR7040 will leave at 12:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 12:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
No, I'll book it myself but you can help me get some information on the thanh binh restaurant|There is no listing for this restaurant
I need a train from  london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are many trains. What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Friday after 21:45 please.|Train TR6769 fits what you're looking for. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I just need to know the travel time of the train at the moment.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant name taj tandoori.|It's an expensive restaurant in the south. It serves indian food.
I would like to book a table for 8 people on Sunday at 19:30.|Your booking was successful! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 6KURIUG5.
Thanks so much. I think that's all I needed. Have a great day. Bye.|Thanks! You're very welcome! You have a great day too!
I'm looking for a train leaving on tuesday please.|I have a train going to London King's Cross that will leave at 05:00.
Actually I need to go to London Liverpool Street from Cabridge.|Alright, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave anytime after 20:15.|Ok, I have TR9616 that leaves at 21:39. Will that work for you?
Is that on Tuesday? If so that would work. I'll need the train ID and price.|The train ID is TR9616.
I also need the price.|The price is 16.60 pounds.  Do you need any further assistance?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I'm bored and need to venture out into the centre. What should I absolutely go see?|there are lots of museums, colleges, and churches to visit
What kind of museums are offered in that area?|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to enter.
Perfect. I also need a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 20:15.|Can I ask where you're departing from and what day?
departing from peterborough and going to cambridge.|There are quite a few trains all week that could fit your needs. Which specific day are needing so we can narrow these down a bit.
I'll be travelling on Wednesday|Tra TR0922 leaves at 13:17 and you will arrive by 14:L08 that is the latest one,can I book it for you ?
May I have the price ?|The fare is 23.60 pounds
How long is the train ride from Peterborough to Cambridge, please?|The trip will last 50 minutes
Thanks, that's it for today. Goodbye!|Did you want reservations?
Can you locate a train departing from Cambridge on Friday? Thanks!|Yes, of course. There are multiple trains departing from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I'd like to go to peterborough and should leave afer 20:00.|I have a train leaving at 20:34 would that be okay?
That would be great.  Can you book 5 seats for me please?  What is the reference number.  Thank you.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is MUF6GL55.
I am also looking for a cinema in the centre.|Vue Cinema is in the center of town, at The Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you give me the entrance fee and phone number?|The entrance fee is not listed but the phone number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed thanks for your help today.|You are welcome. Enjoy Cambridge.  Bye.
I need a theatre in the centre of town.|I found four theaters. Would you like to try the ADC Theatre?
That sounds good, I need the postcode and the entrance fee as well please.|The postcode is cb58as. Unfortunately, the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number so you can call them to ask?
Sure, I also need a train that leaves from Cambridge and arrives by 16:45.|Adc theatre's phone is 01223300085. There are 819 trains departing cambridge. Could you be more specific on your destination and what day you'd like to leave on?
I would like to travel to Leicester on Sunday.  Can you arrange this trip?|I found one that leaves at 05:21 would that work for you?
Well, I need to arrive by 16:45, and want to depart from Cambridge.  Does that one match my request?|Yes it does, it's train TR2025 if you'd like to book.
Yes please book that for 2 people.|Sure, your reference number is LGM5AGUR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I think that covers it all, thanks for your help.|Of course, have a great day.
I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge.  I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough.  Can you give me some times?|Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day.  Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?
I want to arrive at or a little before 12:15, please.|TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09.  Would you like to book seats on that one?
How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.|My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.
I am also looking for a hotel called Archway House.|Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LMABMGNI. Do you need anything else?
No thank you. That's it.|Alright. Have a great day.
Thanks, you too.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go in a boat in the Cambridge area. Can you help me?|Sure, we have 4 different boat attractions here in Cambridge. What part of town will you be in?
Any part of town would be fine, can I just get the postcode of one?|Absolutely. The postcode for Camboats is cb58sx, located East of Cambridge.
I'm also looking for a train leaving from Cambridge and arriving by 15:15.|Where are you traveling to please?
I would like to go to peterborough.|Awesome. And for what day will that be for?
Traveling to peterborough will be on Monday.|TR2586 arrives by 14:56. Would you like to book it?
Can you tell me the departure time as well as the travel time of the train?|The train leaves at 14:06 and will arrive at the destination in 50 minutes
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for now.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I can't seem to find any information about the cambridge and county folk museum, please help.|sure their phone number is 01223355159. anything else you'd like to know?
Can I get the address and what type of attraction it is?|2-3 castle street and its a museum,
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from Cambridge after 17:30.|Okay, what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and going to Peterborough.|TR9561 departs at 17:34. Does that work for you?
yeah can you get me a ticket?|Booking was successful, reference number is 5OUM8ZE9. The fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with a restaurant maybe?
No.  That's it for now. Thanks!|You're welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'd like to find a cheap restaurant in the center of town.|Is there a type of food you prefer? Chinese, Indian, Italian and so on?
I'd like Chinese, please.|I have three restaurants to choose from. Any preference?
Just cheap, Chinese and in the center of town.|You might enjoy the rice house. Would you like me to book it for you?
I need a table for 8 at 13:15 on Wednesday.|You're all set! Your reference number is LHYLOV9Q. Do you need anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.|Sure, I can help you find one. What's the departure city, time and day?
It should depart from Cambridge, arriving by 18:00 on Thursday|Where will you be headed?
I am looking to go to London kings cross.|There is a 13:00 that would arrive by 13:51.  Would that work?
Sure. Could you give me the train ID and travel time?|Train TR0315 has a travel time of 51 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|Yes, what price range are you looking for?
Price is no issue.  I would like a 3 star guesthouse though.|The Hamilton Lodge sounds like it's perfect for you. Would you like for me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|The hotel is unable to accommodate that stay. Could you shorten your stay?
Try 2 nights, then.|Ok, I was able to book your stay at the hamilton lodge for 4 people beginning monday and going for 2 days.  Your reference number is SWFUW5JI.  Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15 and goes to bishops stortford.|What day are you leaving?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, from Cambridge.|Train TR3661 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 on Wednesday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Will that work for you?
That'll be perfect. How much will it be?|10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you passage?
No I will book the passage myself. Thank you for all your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that was it. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food and is moderately priced|I'm sorry, but I'm not finding any moderately-priced African restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, can we try gastropub food?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and bar is in the centre. Would you like their information?
Yes please.  But you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at 17:30 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, give me the reference number|Your reference number is : 5P3MS6PK.  Do you need any further assistance today?
I'll also need a train from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I want to get to London Kings Crossing.|I have all of the available trains on that route this week listed, any preference on date and time?
I need to leave Sunday after 16:15.|TR3353 leaves at 17:00
can you book me 3 tickets please?|The total for 3 tickets is 56.64 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : 8YCZ9HSM.
Thank you for all your help.|Was that all you needed?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at my destination by 11:30.|Certainly. There are a number of trains departing from Cambridge. Where is your destination?
I need to get to Bishops Stortford for a very important meeting. Can you find me a train to get me there by 11:30?|There are 21 trains making that trip, what day would you like to go?
On Saturday. And could you tell me how long that trip takes?|There are three trains that will get you there before 11:30. The trip lasts a total of 38 minutes. How early would you like to leave?
I'd like to take the train that arrives closest to bishops stortford at 11:30.|TR3396 leaves at 09:29 and arrives by 10:07. Is that okay?
Yes. how much would that cost?|The cost of the one way journey is 8.08 pounds.
Perfect. I'm all set. Goodbye!|It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is expensive and includes free parking?|Absolutely, what area were you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't really matter, but I would like a 3-star place with internet.|There are two hotels that meet your preferences. I suggest the Gonville Hotel as it's in the city centre.
Could you give me the address, please?|They are located at gonville place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Nah, not right now. I do need info on a train though. What's the schedule like on Sunday trains leaving cambridge?|I'll be happy to help you with that. Where would you like to travel to?
How about a train that will arrive by 12:15 heading to london liverpool street?|Train TR0995 arrives by 11:27. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you make me a booking for 1 person please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 39JEV1T5.
Excellent, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Let us know if you need anymore assistance.
I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday.  Can you book it for me?|Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:45.|I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you?
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?|The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.|There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
That sounds fine.|Which one would you be interested in? I recommend Worth House because it is 4 stars.
Actually, can you try a moderate price hotel in the north instead?  Sorry for the trouble.|We have 11 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by stars, internet, or parking?
Yeah, I don't need internet. Other than that, could you just recoomend one that has a reasonable number of stars?|How about the alpha-milton guest house?  It's in the north and moderately priced.
that will be fine. book it for me|How many people and for how many nights?
book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting from the same day.|I will book it for you now.
Thank you . I will also need the booking reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : XML9YIR2.
Great! Thank you that's all I needed!|I see the train was not booked. Would you like me to book it now?
Please do so, thank you. After that, I need a cheap hotel.|How many tickets in total would you like me to purchase for you on train TR1819?
I need it for 2 people.|Okay! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  AMA9OE5J.
Okay. Thank you so much for help.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after 8:00 AM. Can you help?|Yes, I can help with that. What day will you be leaving and where are you departing from?
I will leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|The earliest train on that route leaves Friday at 08:11 is that okay?
No, sorry, I had that backwards. I need a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Monday after 08:00|The earliest train will leave at 08:11. Is that okay?
Yes can I get the train ID and arrival time please?|Sure its TR4758 and it will arrive at 08:58
I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant that serves european food.|I have 5 expensive European restaurants. What area of town would you like to be in?
In the north.|There is one high-end European restaurant in the north -- City Stop Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can. What's the day and time you'd like to dine. Also, how many people will be dining?
2 people, on monday at 14:00|Excellent; your booking for 2 people at 14:00 on Monday was successful. Your reference number is COB3ZU7O. May I help you with anything else?
Have a nice day.|You have a nice day as well and thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Can you help me find a train leaving tuesday going to cambridge?|I can help you get set up, where will you be coming from?
I am leaving from Peterborough  after 12:30.|There are 23 results. Would you like to arrive by a certain time?
depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30, can you book it and I need travel time and price|There is a train that leaves at 12:48 and arrives at 13:38 and costs 16.50 pounds.  Would you like me to book that?
No need for a booking. I do need a total travel time, however.|Sure the travel will take 50 minutes.
Great, I also need an idea of hotels that are moderately priced in the west.|Hobsons House is a 3 star guesthouse and offers free internet and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Not as of now, I am just gathering information.|Hobsons House is the only place matching your criteria in the west. Do you want information for another part of town?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|You are all set the reference number is N1YFWYG1 can I help with anythng else?
that is it for now. thanks for helping|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
I am looking for someplace to go and it needs to be a swimming pool|Okay. There are four swimming pools in town: one in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
Not really. Can you tell me about what's available?|Yes, abbey pool and astroturk pitch is in the east, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in the north, and parkside pools is in the centre.
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday|I can absolutely help you with that.  So that I can find you the best option, can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street. Oh, I also need the address for the swimmingpool. You mentioned parkside pools in the centre. Their address?|Parkside Pools' is located on Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. Now for your train. What time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:00|There is a train on sunday at 7:40pm. Would you like me to book it?
Is that departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Sunday? If so then yes book that for two tickets and I need the reference number as well.|Yes, all the information you stated was correct. I was able to book you 2 tickets. Your reference number is CAMPLIZO. The total free is 120.16 GBP due at the station.
Excellent, thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all. Good bye!|Thank you have a great day
A train depart from Cambridge and arrive by 19:00|What is your destination? And what day are you hoping to travel?
I need to leave on Thursday and am heading to Bishops Stortford.|There are 5 trains available what time would you like to leave by?
I'd like to leave before 14:00|Okay, TR0927 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Shall I book you a seat?
No, I'll look it up later and do it myself. But could you tell me if there are any 4 star places to stay in the city centre?|There are two, a cheap guest house, and an expensive hotel. Any preference?
Which ever one has free parking and wifi.|They both have free parking and wifi. How about the alexander bed and breakfast? It's on the cheaper side, 4 stars, and really quite lovely.
Sounds great. Can you please book that for me for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights please?|I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is D53TP7EU., can I assist with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train leaving from Broxbourne on Tuesday.|There are many to choose from. Where are you going and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like the train to leave on Tuesday after 08:15.|Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine, can you give me an arrival time and travel time?|The travel time is 1 hour.  There's a train leaving at 08:32 and arriving at 9:32, will that be acceptable?
Yes that's fine. I am looking for something to do for entertainment, any attractions you could tell me about?|Yes, there are quite a few attractions. What type of entertainment are you looking for?
I am looking for either a theater, zoo, fair, or concert. What are the entrance fee's for each?|The Man on the Moon concerthall is on Norfolk Street, but it does not list an entrance fee.  That seems to be the only thing you would like.
I think that is all I need for now. Thanks, bye.|Your welcome. Have a great night!
I would like to find a nice attraction to visit in the centre of town.|I would be happy to help you find a great attraction to visit!  What kind of attraction are you interested in visiting?
I have no preference.  Can you make a recommendation and provide the address, entrance fee, and postcode?|How about the Broughton House Gallery? There is no entrance fee.
whats its postcode and address? i would also like to get a train that leaves friday from kings lynn|The address is 98 King Street and the postcode is cb11ln. What is your destination on Friday?
I'll be heading to Cambridge, but I can't leave until sometime after 21:15, please.|There are two trains meeting your needs. The earlier train leaves at 22:11 and the later train at 23:11. The ride takes 47 minutes. Which do you want me to book?
Can you get me one ticket on the 22:11 train?|I managed to book you on that train. The total fee is 9.8 GBP and the reference number is 9M753T1T.
Great, thanks! I think that's all I needed.|You're welcome.
Do you have information on Taj Tandoori?|This is an a restaurant that serves India food located in the southern area. You can call them on 01223412299. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Cool, can you book a table for 5 people at 14:00 on Sunday?|I'm sorry, but there are no spaces for that time slot. Would you like to try another?
How about 13:00?  If this is available please provide the reference number.|Certainly. You're booked at 13:00 with reference number G4NWNDB5. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to London Liverpool Street after 15:15.|What day were you looking to travel?
I'd like to travel on Monday, please, departing from Cambridge by the way.|I have a Tr3602, leaving at 15:59 and arriving at 17:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, could you book it for 5 people and provide the reference number.|Okay, i have booked a train for 5 people leaving at 15:59. Your reference number is RS2532561.
Thank you so  much, that is everything that I need.|Great. Have a nice time, and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a train going to cambridge.|Sure, where are you departing from and what day?
I would like to leave Broxbourne on Tuesday.|Do you have a time you'd like to leave by?
I'd just like to arrive by 16:45 please.|TR8361 will arrive in cambridge by 16:32 on Tuesday, does this suit your needs?
yes, please. I need the price and travel time.|The price is 17.90 pounds. The train leaves at 15:32 making the travel time one hour exactly. Is there anything else?
That is for TR8361?|Yes. TR8361 is 17.90 pounds. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Yes I would like a ticket for one.|Your confirmation number is BAMJW6M2. May I help you with anything else?
I think you've answered all of my questions! Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Call us again when you need to. We're always here!
Thank you for your help.|Not a problem. Have a good time!
Hello, I am looking for information on a train.|I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I'm headed to Cambridge from the Stansted Airport.  Can you find information for Thursday please?|I found 19 trains what time do you want to leave the airport?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 so I will need to leave in time to get there by then.|There is a train that leaves at 5:24.
That won't work, I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 (2:45pm).|Since that won't work for you, I can get you on a train that leaves at 13:24 and will arrive by 13:52.  Would you like me to book your seat?
I'd like to find somewhere to eat in the centre.|We have many restaurants in the center of town. Do you have a certain cuisine or price range in mind?
Yes, I was hoping for modern global food.|Iam sorry but I have nothing matching your needs right now.
How about a Spanish one?|I have two- la tasca, which is moderate, and la raza, which is cheap.
pick one for me and book a table for 8 people at 18:30 on wednesday.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is VJ7PEVYV. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could you also tell me if there are any trains available arriving in cambridge that day?|There are trains arriving in Cambridge daily! Where are you coming from, on what day, and at what time?
I am coming for birmingham new street, would like to arrive on wednesday at 10:45.|I can put you on the TR7329, it will get you there by 10:23, how many tickets?
Can I have the departure time and price of train TR7329?|TR7329 Leaves at 07:40 and costs 75.10 pounds
Thank you, that's all I need.|Awesome. We're here if you need anything else. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I will be flying into Stanstead airport on Wednesday and need to connect with a train to cambridge from there, can you help me?|Sure, what time are you looking for?
I'd like to leave after 13:30.|There is a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Wednesday at 14:24. The trip will take 28 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds. Do you want to book now?
Yes please get me 8 tickets.|I have booked 8 tickets. The total for that is 80.8 GBP and is payable at the station. Your confirmation code is C7D09SVQ.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a museum to visit?|In what area would you like the museum to be?
In the west please, I am open to suggestions just let me know what the postcode, entrance fee a number are.|I would suggest Kettle's Yard. They are on Castle Street in the west. They offer free entrance. Their address is 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223748100.
Kettle's Yard sounds great. May I have the postcode please?|Sure.  The postcode is CB30AQ.  It is free to enter.   Would you like further information?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you so much!|Thank you enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?|sure, i have 17 options for you
Are any of them in the south? I'd like free parking too.|Yes, two are in the south and both have free parking and internet. I recommend the Bridge Guesthouse. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Please. I need a room on tuesday for 5 nights. 4 people will be staying.|i bookid bridge guest house	and Reference number is : KYKQFY1U.
Thank you so much.|Of course. I can help at any time.
I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge.|I can certainly help you with that. Where are you traveling to and do you have a certain departure and arrival time?
I need to leave for leicester on Sunday after 11:45.|Train TR7678 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
No. Could you just tell me the travel time and ticket price?|Sure train TR7678 leaves at 12:21 and arrives at 14:06. That is a total time of 105 minutes. The cost is 30.24 pounds.
Thanks! i'm looking for places in the south that are parks|There are 2 parks in the south. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. I'll need their phone number and address please.|The wandlebury county park's phone number is 01223243830 and the address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham
What is the postcode, please?|The postcode for Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is cb22ad. Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!|Glad I could be of help. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Please help me identify places to go in the centre of town that are entertainment attractions.|There are no matching records for entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to change your criteria?
How about a boating place then?|There are two boating places, Scudamores punting co and The Cambridge Punter, which would you like?
Either one, i just need the address and postcode.|The address and post code is different for each which one would you like please?
Ok, how about Scudamores Punting Company then.|Alright, the address and postcode for Scudamores Punting Co. is Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.|I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Leaving on Monday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I've like to go to birmingham new street.|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
i need to leave after 19:15|TR2850 leaves at 20:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Please book for 8 tickets.|i have booked those for you. your reference number is 2hf8aktq.
Thank you so much for your help!|Is there anything else you need?
No thank you! That will be all. Bye!|Ok! Have a great day!
Yes, I'm looking for hotels in the north area.|There are 13 hotels north of cambridge. What price range would you prefer? Do you require internet or parking?
I don't care about price range or parking, but I do require free WiFi.|Would you like me to book you a room at the Avalon on 62 Gilbert Road?
I need it to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|How about the ashley hotel, it is in the north with a 2 star rating with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Not now. I would like to get the postcode, please.|Certainly, the postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I also need to find a train departing from Leicester.|I can certainly help you with that! Can I assume you're coming from Leicester to fair Cambridge? What day and time would you like to travel?
Yes, you're right. I need to leave on Monday, and I need to arrive by 18:15.|I found TR3173 leaving at 5:09 would that work?
Can it get there by 18:15? And can you get tickets for two?|Your arrival time would be 06:54 would you like for me to find another train for you?
Yes, please. I'd rather not be that early.|Certainly! TR2985 will depart Leicester at 16:09 and arrive in Cambridge at 17:54. That one sounds like it's better for your time frame.
Great, if you could book that one for 2 people and provide me with the reference number, I would appreciate it.|Sure, I have booked the train for  people on monday on TR2985, your reference number is 730ZJ7M6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
There is not. Thank you so much!|You're welcome and have a wonderful trip!
Hi, I'm looking for places to visit. Mainly in the western part.|I would be happy to help you with that!  We have colleges, museums, and entertainment attractions in that area.  Which would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.  Do they have entrance fees?|Whale of a Time is the only attraction I see for that area.  There is no entrance fee listed, but the phone is 01954781018.
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave on Monday.|There are a number of trains leaving from Cambridge on Monday, is there a specific destination and time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at Leicester by 17:45.  And what was that postcode for Whale of a Time again?|TR5465 arrives Leicester at 17:06. Would that work for you? And the postcode for Whale of a time is cb238el.
Yes, I would like to make a booking for 8 people.|Okay your booking was a success and your reference number is L1ZY1OJE, is there anything else you need today?
Just want to make sure, that reference number is for the train, TR5465?|That is correct. It departs cambridge at 15:21 and arrices in leicester at 17:06 on Monday.
postcode, phone number, and area|I do not have the postcode, phone number, and area for the train station. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you for all your help. You have a great day.|You have a wonderful day yourself!
i am  looking for information in Cambridge.|What area are you wanting to stay?
I am actually looking for a train to Stansted Airport.|Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and what time and day?
I'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on Tuesday. I need to get there at least by 13:30|TR7293 will arrive there at 12:08.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is a cheap guesthouse.|There's the allenbell, that's located in the east side of town at 517a coldham lane.
Please reserve a room for 1.|On what day would you like to arrive?
Friday, 4 nights. Reference number please.|Your reference number is 9IQ2K2DW.
Thank you so much, that's all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'd like a train to Cambridge that arrives by 11:30.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Ely.|I can reserve a seat on TR2704 departing at 9:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 9:52.  How many tickets will you need?
It doesn't matter to me.|If you wouldn't like me to book you a ticket, is there anything else you need?
Can you tell me what the travel time for that train is?|That will be a 17 minute train ride.
Okay great. That is all thank you.|Okay great. Thanks fro calling.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.|Pizza hut fen ditton matches your description.
Uh, no pizza hut's please. Something more classy please.|Unfortunately, there are no other Italian restaurants in the east. Would you like me to find you one in another area?
Is the pizza hut in the moderate price range?|Yes, it is. Should I book it for you?
I guess it'll have to do. Can you book us a table for 2 on Wednesday at 14:00 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : H4BTTI6P.
Thanks so much! Can you help me with train tickets too?|Absolutely!  To start, let me get more details.  What are your desired departure and arrival cities?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.|It looks like there are hourly trains starting at 5:09. Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
Yes, I'd like to book the train for Wednesday and I want to arrive in Cambridge by 08:30.|Will you train arriving at 07:54 work ok for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people please.|I've successfully booked 2 tickets for you, the reference number is 9FE8N16G.
Thanks for the help.|Have a great day!
I need an expensive restaurant in the west of town.|There are 9 different restaurants that fit your requests, can you narrow it down to a type of cuisine you would be interested in?
Really interested in bistro type food if possible.|I could not find any meeting this criteria. Do you have another preference on food or location?
How about one that serves indian food?|The Tandoori Palace is a wonderful Indian restaurant. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:15. And I'll need the reference number.|Ok your table for 7 is booked on Wednesday at 11:15. The reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VCUPCWDA. Enjoy your meal!
Can you also help me with a train? I'm looking for one to Cambridge arriving by 8:45.|the TR9933 departs norwich at 7:16 and arrives in cambridge at 8:35.
I need a train that departs from kings lynn going to cambridge by 08:45.|The TR5831 arrives at 7:58, and it leaves at 7:11. This is the closest train to your requested arrival time. It costs 9.80 pounds per ticket. Want to book it?
No, no need to book it for me. That will do, thank you.|Do you need any further assistance?
Could you confirm the departure time, travel time and price of that train please?|Certainly. The TR5831 leaves out of King's Lynn at 7:11. Your ride will take 47 minutes, and costs 9.80 pounds.
Thank you - that's all I need right now. Have a great day!|Your welcome. Have a nice day!
Yes, I am looking for information.  Can you help me find a train?|Where would you like to go to?
I need to head to Cambridge from Leicester please.|I have 133 trains that leave Leicester to Cambridge. Can you tell me the day and time you would like to travel?
I need one that leaves after 20:00.|Train 6383 leaves at 20:09 and arrives at 21:54.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes for 3 people please, and do you mind providing me the reference number?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is BW9QJDNO.
I also need information on cambridge book and print gallery.|Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum located in the west at 49 Newnham Road at postcode cb39ey. It is free and their phone number is 01223594264.
What area of town is that in?|They are located in the west part of town. Any other info I can provide?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!|You are welcome.  Safe travels!
Have a nice day. Bye.|Thanks and have a great trip!
I am trip in Cambridge looking for a restaurant.|What kind of restaurant?
I'm in the mood for Spanish food. Are there any on the east side of town that are in the moderate price range?|There are no spanish restaurants in the east, but there's one in the centre called La Tasca. Would you like more information?
No, I really want to stay in the east. How about an Italian restaurant?|there are 15 in that side. what is your price range?
It should be moderately priced.|Great news.  The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range in the east.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : WS8I58FS. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need.|Great.  Have a good day.
I will also need a train that will leave Cambridge after 2:00 pm to Ely on Tuesday|TR1534 leaves at 05:50 and arrives at 06:07.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I sure can.  Your reference number is DX6XOLRA.
Thank you so much. What about helping me look for an attraction?|Sure! What kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like something fun.|I'm sure I can find something for you.  Is there a specific area you'd like me to look in?
Let's forget about the attraction for now.  Can you help me with a train?|You need a train in addition to the one we have already booked for you?
No, thanks I'll take the train that is already booked.|Is there anything else that you need?
Yes, lets look for that attraction. I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay, so you'd like an attraction in the east. Did you have anything in particular in mind?
You know, I've changed my mind. I don't need anything else today. Thanks very much for your help.|Sure. If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. It's been a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I need a guesthouse in the north to stay at.|Alright how does the avalon guesthouse sound?
Does it have free parking?|No it does not. How about the Hamilton Lodge guesthouse? It is moderately priced and has 3 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I need it for saurday, sunday, monday and tuesday please.|And how many will be staying?
Three people, 4 nights, thanks!|I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is X5NGAVNB. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need to book a train to Kings Lynn that leaves after 8:30 on wednesday departing cambridge.|THe first train after 08:30 is TR2831, it leaves at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58, I can book you if you like.
Yes please, go ahead and book that.|How many tickets would you like?
I do not need to book.|Ok, is there anything else I can help you with today then?
That was all thank you.|You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.
I need a train departing Cambridge and I need it to arrive by 21:00|Where are you headed to? And what day are you traveling?
Looking to go to Stansted Airport on Sunday|I have TR5009 leaving at 18:40 and arriving by 19:08.  Would you like me to book this for you?
book for one person please.|I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is 642J5XG0. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you give me information about the riverboat georgina?|The riverboat georgina is currently docked on the Northend at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, postcode cb43ax. Their phone is: 01223902091. I have no info on their entrance fee. Anything else?
No, thanks. You answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Have a good day.
Hello, I'm looking for a train out of Cambridge.|What day would you be traveling and where would you like to go?
I would be leaving on Friday and i would be traveling to London Liverpool street and i would like to leave after 21:15|You could take the TR9557 at 21:59, or the TR3138 two hours later.
I'll take the earlier train. could you tell me the travel time, and at what time I will be arriving at London Liverpool street?|Sure, the travel time is 88 minutes and you will arrive at 23:27. Would you like me to book the train for you?
That would be great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel. I would prefer a 3 star hotel. I do not need parking.|Certainly. I have many hotels matching that description. Do you have a preference for what area you stay in?
I don't really care. Could you please find me a moderately priced one, though? I'd like a 3 star if possible.|Excellent, we have 4 options, all 3-star and moderately priced. They only differ by location (north, south, west) and wifi availability. Do you have any preferences given this new information?
I would really like a guesthouse. Is one of those a guesthouse?|Yes, Alpha-milton guesthouse is a 3 star in the north in a moderate price range but no internet. Does this hotel interest you?
Yes. Can I get the phone number and address please.|The phone number for alpha-milton guest house is 01223311625. It is located at 63 milton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today!|Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello. I need help planning a train trip.|I'd be happy to help. Are you departing from a specific station, or do you have a specific destination in mind?
I'd like to leave from London and travel to Cambridge on Saturday around 15:00|Would you like to depart from London Kings Cross or London Liverpool Street?
I would like to depart from Cambridge.|Please state your departure location and your destination. Also, is 15:00 the time you want to leave or to arrive?
I am leaving from cambridge going to broxbourne and want to arrive by 8:30.|How about TR8674? It leaves at 05:01.
As long as it arrives by 8:30 that sounds good. I'll need 7 seats please.|It does and I have booked 7 seats for you.  Anything else?
Reference number please?|Sure, the reference number is VATL0RJL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|You are welcome. Thank you for TownInfo centre for your traveling needs. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Sure, I can help you get here.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming in from Ely on Tuesday.|I can help you with that. Do you have a certain departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 8:30|Okay the TR6971 leaves at 07:35. Does this work?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives at 07:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Ok, great. Then it will get me there in time. Can you book me 8 tickets please?|I have booked your train for 8 and a cost of 35.2 GBP. Your reference number is 53GSF184. Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also am looking for some info on a place called sidney sussex college|I can help with that. Sidney Sussex College is a college in the centre. Do you need any other information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?|the phone number is 01223338800 and address is Sidney street
thanks. that will be it for now|Glad to have been of help. Please reach out again if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help you find something. Is there an area you prefer? And do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
I definitely want both a guesthouse and the centre of town.|I would recommend el shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range? If so, yes.|It is not in the moderate price range, would you like to try another area or a different price range perhaps?
I would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. I would like to stay in the city centre.|I'm sorry there are no moderate guesthouses in the centre, maybe another area perhaps?
Are there any cheap guesthouses in the centre of town?|Yes, I've located Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is a 4 star and El Shaddai that is a 0 star. Do you have a preference?
no preference I also need a reference number.|What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
There will be 2 people and we will arrive on Monday.|And for how many days?
I'm sorry, 5 nights please.|Good News! I got the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in 56 saint barnabas road cb12de, phone number 01223525725. The reference # is 3MWI64S9.
Great. I also need a train leaving on Saturday.|Please give me your departure site and your destination station.
The train should leave after 10:00 and should go to stevenage, leaving from cambridge.|There are 7 trains that fit your criteria. The first one after 10 is the TR8377, leaving Cambridge 11:21, arriving Stevenage 12:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that will work!  I need the reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : Y5AV9STN.
Thank you so much! That's all I needed. Have a great day!|Have a nice day then, and goodbye.
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?|It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.|Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.|I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7.
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday|ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range|I have three moderately priced hotels.  Do you need internet and/or parking?
I would like a guest house, with free parking.|Does it matter what side of town it is on?
No it doesn't.|Ok how about acorn guest house. They are moderately priced and have 4 stars. How many rooms and how long is your stay going to be?
1 room, and I'll need it for 2 nights starting Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : B823WKVK.
I am also looking for a train on the same day to Cambridge|Train TR5686 leaves london kings cross. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, and Thank you kind person for helping me!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is S5436QTX. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything.  You've been great thanks.|If everything is fine. Then I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. It's really my pleasure.
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north of town.|There are quite a few guest houses in the north. Worth House is an inexpensive 4 star option offering both free wifi and free parking, if you'd like a recommendation.
I need an expensive one.|I'm sorry, there are no guest houses in the north that are expensive.  There are also no expensive hotels in the north either.  Would you be flexible on location?
How about one in the moderate price range?|I can search and make a few recommendations for you.
Were you able to find a moderately expensive guesthouse in the north? I need to book one for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|There are no matches. Are there any other locations you would like to find a guesthouse?
Is there one in the moderate range then?|Yes, I found 5 guesthouses in the moderate price range. Are you looking for any special amenities?
Nothing else, book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Ok I booked Acorn Guest House for you.  Reference R9SALJYN.  Their phone is 01223353888.  Anything else I can help you with?
I'm going to need a ride to bishops stortford. Is there a train I could get on, around say... 10:30?|There are trains that depart every day at 11:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford by 12:07. Did you have a particular day in mind?
Yes, I would like a train for Friday departing from Cambridge, please.|The TR8078 leaves Cambridge at 11:29.  I can book that if you'd like, I just need to know how many seats you'll need.
Not right now, but can you tell me the per person fare?|Absolutely, the price per person is 10.10 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I should have asked before...What is the travel time?  The duration?|The travel time is 38 minutes from Cambridge to Bishop Stortford.
Thank you, that should be all today.|You're welcome.  Enjoy your trip!  Goodbye.
Are there any 4 star hotels in Cambridge?|How many days will you stay and how many people will be staying with you?
Firstly, before that, I need a hotel that includes free wifi and parking, and needs to be in the cheap price range.|There are 8 options. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
A hotel is fine if you have it please.|The only hotel that fits is on the west side. It's called The Cambridge Belfry. Does that sound like it will work for you? I can book it if you like.
That is fine. I need it for 8 people starting Monday for 4 nights. Can I please have the reference number as well?|The booking was unsuccessful? Would you like to try for a different day or a different number of days?
Can you try it for 2 nights?|They do indeed have rooms for you for two nights. Your reference number is QX5FHJVD. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can I get a train to the Stansted Airport?|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 21:00.  What options do I have?|There are 3 trains that are going to the Stansted Airport after 21:00.  We have train ID TR4364 that leaves at 21:40, should I book that for you?
Yes, please. I would like to book tickets for 8 people on that train - how much will that cost?|Yes the total cost of 8 tickets was 80.80 pounds. I have a booking reference number for you. It is WQTGD7S4. Thank you for calling.
What is the arrival time for that train?|The arrival time is 22:08. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you for your assistance! Have a good day!|Enjoy your trip.
I am looking to visit some places of interest while I am in Cambridge. Perhaps some colleges?|There are 18 colleges that match. Do youhave any preferences in terms of locations?
Yes, I'd like more information on one in the centre area please.|There are many options. May I suggest Christ's College?
That sounds good. May I have the postcode, phone number and address.|Christ's college is at saint andrew's street, no fee, phone number 0122333490, postcode cb23bu.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any parks in the east part of town?|Yes we have cherry hinton water play park.
Yes, that sounds like someplace for me to visit.  Is it free?  Also, I'll need the postcode and phone number.|Yes, they have free admission. Their phone number is 01223446100. The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Saturday.|Where will you be coming from?
I need to leave london liverpool street and get there by 18:30|The TR5863 train will get you to Cambridge by 17:07, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, that will be fine.|Will you be needing one or more seats on that trip?
Actually, I don't need it booked. Can you tell me what time it leaves?|Train TR5863 will be departing at 15:39. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their price and the travel time?|You would be on the train for 88 minutes and it is 13.28 pounds. May I assist you with anything else today?
no, thank you. that is all.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Thanks you too.|Feel free to contact us anytime in the future.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.|What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?|I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?
I do not have a preference on area.|I can suggest the avalon located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?|It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?|Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is  ZG7G439M. Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.|There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Alright, how can I help you today?
I'd like a train from London Liverpool Street on Sunday|What time would you like to leave and/or arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:45.|TR3197 leaves atb19:39 and costs 13:39 pounds. is that fine with you?
What time does it arrive by?|Train TR3197 arrives by 21:07 at cambridge
Thanks, can I also find a college to go to.|There are many colleges. Do you have a specific area in mind? or would you like me to make a recommenation?
If you could recommend one that would be great! Could you give me the postcode, address and the area of the one you choose?|churchill college is a great choice in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu. It is located on saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|You're very welcome! Let us know if you need anything else.
Thanks very much, take care!|you too. enjoy your day.
Hi, are there any modern global restaurants in the centre?|It looks like there are none. Is there another area or type of food you'd like to look for?
I would like to look for one that serves modern european food please.|I have 4 modern european restaurants in the center of town. I recommend the Riverside Brasserie.
What is the postcode of that resturant?|The phone number for Riverside Brasserie is 01223259988. Can I help you with anything else?
I was wondering the price range of the riverside brasserie.|The Riverside Brasserie is moderately priced.
Thanks. Could you check on a train for me from london kings cross?|Sure, when would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 11:15 on a Tuesday.|TR7850 leaves at 11:17, can  book some seats for you?  Also, the postcode for Riverside Brasserie is cb21rt.  I had forgotten to give you that information.
Yes I'd like to book that train for 5 and I'd like the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 1JO707L5. Will you need anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Great. Are you looking for a train, hotel or attractions to visit while in Cambridge?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday to arrive in Leicester by 12:15 please.|the TR9366 train arrives at 12:06.
book for 5 people and get me the reference number|Congratulations, you are all booked! The total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station.Your reference number is : RR4BSBW5. Is there anything else I can do?
I need to find a place to stay that has 4 stars and has free wifi|What is your price range?
It should be expensive and a guesthouse.|Sorry there is no guesthouse fitting the description you asked for
Could you try the moderate price range to see if there are any available?|Yes there are 11. I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people for four nights starting Wednesday.|Okay I have booked that and your reference number is HUH8HH95.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, I appreciate your help today.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after 21:45.|The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?|I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?|The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?|Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking.|Okay, I have the alpha-milton guest house in the north area.  Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?
I don't need reservations I just need the address and price range.|moderate	price range. Located at 63 milton road.
Thank you that will be all!|Enjoy your visit.
Hi, I'm heading to birmingham new street so please find me a train that leaves on Friday|Are you leaving from cambridge? Is there a time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge. Departure time doesn't matter, but I need to arrive by 18:15.|There are 12 trains available for you and the first one leaves at 05:01. Can I book a seat for you or do you prefer a later departure time?
No, I said arrive by 18:15. Try again.|The closest arrival to 18:15 is 17:44. Would that work for you?
What is the price for a ticket?|The cost per ticket for that train is 75.10 pounds did you still want me to book it for you?
No, thats ok. I also need to find a cheap Italian restaurant.|There are 15 Italian restaurants to choose from. Would you like one in a particular part of town?
Any that you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for Friday at 10:00. There will be 3 people dining.|I have you booked at Ask, for Friday at 10:00 for 3 people.  It's at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.  Your reference number is:  IL7HZYW5.
Wonderful! I think that's it, thank you. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a great night!
I am  looking for a train.|Alright. Where are you headed?
I'm head to Leicester from Cambridge on Saturday.|What time are you planning to leave?
Anytime after 8:45.|TR3371 leaves at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06. It is 30.24 pounds. Would you be interested in that?
I meant to say I want to leave after 20:45.|Great, I have TR9209 that meets your criteria  and is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I booking for one person.|Pardon me, did you say you are traveling on Saturday or Sunday?
I am traveling on Saturday.|Okay, I have TR7610 that leaves at 21:21. The price is 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for one person.|Okay, booking was successful. Your reference number is MHMRVMR4. Anything else?
Nope, that's all. Thanks!|you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
I am looking for a place to go maybe a museum.|There are 11 museums. What part of town would you like?
the centre would be nice.|It seems all of our museums are in the city centre, though my recommendation would be the Primavera. Would you like any more information?
Sure, I'd like to know the phone number, address, and postcode.|They are located at 01223357708, the address is at 10 king s parade, and their postcode is cb21sj
Thanks for the info. Can I also get information about trains leaving on Monday?|Trains leave Cambridge all the time! Where would you like the train to take you on Monday? And at what time?
I would like to travel to peterborough. What is the travel time from cambridge to peterborough?|The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book a train?
No thank you. That's all I need to know.|Alright, have a great day.
Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?|Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by 19:30|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.|How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early.|What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09.  It's fine.  What is the travel time on that train?|The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No but I am also looking for a place to stay in a moderate price range.|There are several in the moderate price range. Do you have a certain area in mind?
No, but I would like a 4 star rating.|Will you be needing parking and/or internet?
Parking and internet are not of interest to me really.|The avalon meets your requirements. Would you like reservations?
Is the Avalon a guesthouse? If so, yes I would like to book for Saturday for 6 people, 4 nights.|It is indeed a guesthouse, and I booked it for you. Your reference number is 2QPHXXOJ. How else can I help?
Thank you for making that reservations.|Would you like me to book you a train, or possibly a taxi?
I don't need anything further.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Thank you! You as well!|Have a nice day.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to leicester.|Do you know when you will be traveling?
I need to arrive by 20:45|Almost there, Ive got the time and route in, but never got a date, what day will you need this?
I need to travel on Tuesday.  Can I get the Train ID and travel time?  Thank you so much!|Train TR0776  arrives in Leicester at 20:06. It departs Cambridge at 18:21. Would you like to book this?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets.|Reference number is : XCUCXU2M. Will you need any more help?
I will need a restaurant for 7 people at 12:45 on the same day at graffiti.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LLBY85ZO. Do you need anything else?
no that's all thanks a lot|Happy to help. Goodbye.
I need a train that gets me where I'm going by 4:15 PM.|I have no doubt we'll find one. Where are you going, and when?
I'm going from cambridge to kings lynn and want to arrive by 16:15|On what time will you be travelling?
Again, I want to arrive by 16:15.|And on which day?
on saturday. book for 3 people|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee of 23.52 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is CCTLXM29.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay|We have a number of hotels and guesthouses. What area and price range are you looking to book a room?
I would like a hotel in the west. Free parking and wifi are a must.|There are four hotel available.
I'd like a hotel with free parking and also free wifi.|There are four hotels that meet your criteria. Two are cheap, one moderate, and one expensive. Are you wanting to book one of those?
Any of those is fine, I just need the phone number, price range and postcode.|Hobsons house is moderately priced and can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Will that be all?
That is all that I need today, thank you.|Have a great time.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food please.|We have several of those, were you looking for any particular part of town?
No. Just need it to be open on Saturday.|Okay, would you like me to attempt to book a table at one of these fine restaurants for Saturday?
Which one would you suggest?|The Curry Garden is a nice place do you want their info ?
I am heading to Cambridge and I would like to know about some places to see in the north, do you have any suggestions?|The Milton Country Park is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
Yes, may I please get the address, postcode, and the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?|Sure. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Their postcode is cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. There is free admission to the park. Anything else I can help with?
I need to get a train that leaves after 16:30. Can you help with that?|What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I need to leave cambridge and arrive in lecester on monday.|I'm sorry, I'm not able to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30. Is there another time I can search for you?
I think I said that wrong.  I am actually looking for a train that leaves Leicester after 16:30 going to Cambridge.|There is a train departing at 17:09 that arrives at 18:54. Would that work for you?
Yes I think that would work.  What is the trainID?|The train ID is TR2078.  Are you ready for me to book this for you?
Yes,most definately. Thanks|Great, your Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP for 1 ticket. Reference number is 9IR5OSCS. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that is it. Thanks|You're welcome. Have a nice trip, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Thank you for your help.|Glad to help, have a great day.
I'm looking for a hotel called the autumn house, can you give me some information about it?|Sure. Autumn House is a guesthouse located in the east and has a 4 star rating. Anything else you'd like to know about Autumn House?
What is the price range?|The price range is cheap. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
I will think about it. Is there anyway you can book me a train?|I sure can! I need some information to help find you the right one. Can you tell me where you are going to and where you are departing from?
I'm going to stevenage from cambridge.|When would you like to arrive or depart and what day?
I want to leave Cambridge on Tuesday, after 21:30.|TR3300 Departs from Cambridge on Tuesday at 23:21 and arrives in Stevenage by 24:10. The price is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't need a booking just now, thank you. In fact, that's everything I needed today.|Ok great! If there's nothing else, I hope you have a great day!
No, there is nothing else. Thank you, have a great day!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I am looking for a train.  The train should leave on monday and should go to birmingham new street|What is your departure time and location?
Leaving Cambridge going to Birmingham New Street on Monday any time after 15:15.|There are several trains available. Are you able to provide a specific time?
No, the first train after 15:15 will work. I need to book the trip for 8 people, and please include my reference number.|Train TR7900 leaves cambridge for birmingham new street monday at 16:01. Your reference number is OCF8O3GJ.
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre of town?|Sure, there is cambridge arts theatre, it is located at 6 saint edward's passage. There are 3 others if you would like information on them as well.
Sure. Can you give me the names and addresses of the other 3 as well?|cambridge arts theatre is at 6 saint edward's passage, mumford theatre is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road; and the cambridge corn exchange is at wheeler street.
Ok, great. That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!|Have a great day!
I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre of Cambridge.|If you are interested in Chinese food, there is Rice House located at 88 Mill Road City Centre in the cheap price range.
I prefer Russian food actually.|I can't find any cheap Russian restaurants.  Are you open to moderate price?
No. It really does need to be cheap. What about chinese in the centre?|There are 3 restaurants matching that, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House.
I want to book a Golden House table for 1 person at 16:30 on sunday.|Great your reservation is all set, the reference number is D6VCX5IA
Could you also help me book a train for Monday?|I'd be glad to help, where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to birmingham new street|We have five trains going that way. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 12:45|I have booked you for trainID TR1111 for 23.60 pounds. It will arrive to Cambridge at approximately 11:51.
Okay, what is the departure time and travel time?|Your train will leave at 11:00 and travel for approximately 51 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all, thank you.|thank you for calling.
thank you good bye.|You're welcome, and goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food while I'm in Cambridge.|Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street at the City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please, and their postcode as well.|Phone is 01223505015 and postcode cb11ln.  Would you like me to get you a table?
No. But I need a train going to Ely.|Where are you travelling from and what time?
I am departing from cambridge on monday and I need to arrive to Ely by 11:15.|I have 3 trains available leaving at 06:07, 08:07, and 10:07.  What time would you like to leave?
You choose one please. I need it for 4 people.|I booked you on TR8399 arriving at 10:07. Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : AVBKNMXQ.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all. Thanks so much!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.
What restaurants in the centre are cheap?|I have 15 possible ones to choose from. Could I ask what type of food you are looking for?
Sure. I'd like modern eclectic food please.|Unfortunately, no results came from your search. Would you like to broaden it?
Ok, how about Indian food then?|I found three cheap indian places in the centre.  Would you like to book at the Gandhi?
Yes please.  Can I also get the phone number and the postcode of the Gandhi?|Sure no problem. The Gandhi phone number is: 01223353942 and the postcode is cb12as. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't know, but I am also looking for a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error in my system. Can you please restate your train requirements?
I am looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. I need the train to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:45|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IS961RCU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please make sure the booking is for 3 people.|Great I have booked three people on that train. Your reference number is K6C628QH.
Thanks.  That's all I needed.|have a great day!
I would like to go and visit Leicester. Do you think you can help me find a train to get me there?|Sure! There are plenty of trains going to Leicester. What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.|Perfect. What day would you like to travel on? Do you need to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I will be traveling on Sunday and would like to arrive by 08:30 please.|The first train leaves at 06:21 and arrives at 08:06. How many tickets would you like please?
I need it for eight people, please.|Great! You're booked on TR9187 with reference number MJJ7J6CV. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes! I also need to find an expensive guesthouse in the north. It should have plenty of free parking for my fancy car.|I am sorry, there are no expensive guest houses in the north with free parking.  Would you like to try another area?
Then how about one that is in the cheap price range?|There are 2 options. City Centre north has a rating of 0 stars and Worth House has a rating of 4 stars. Would you like me to book either of them?
Worth House sounds good.  Thank you.|I'll be happy to book a room for you. How many nights and how many people?
I actually just needed the information. That's all I need for now. Thank you. Goodbye.|Sure,thanks for using this service.
I am looking for a train departing for Cambridge after 8:15am.|I have a train leaving from london kings cross on friday leaving at 9:17. How does that sound?
No thank you, I would like a train that is leaving on Thursday and departing from Kings Lynn.|these are the possible options trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR1612	kings lynn	cambridge	friday	09:11	09:58	9.80 pounds	47 minutes	
TR1958	kings lynn	cambridge	friday	10:11	10:58	9.80 pounds	47 minutes	
TR3147	kings lynn	cambridge	friday	11:11	11:58	9.80 pounds	47 minutes	
TR6454	kings lynn	cambridge	friday	12:11	12:58	9.80 pounds	47 minutes	
TR0674	kings lynn	cambridge	friday	13:11	13:58	9.80 pounds	47 minutes
Please pick a train that leaves after 8:15 and going to cambridge. I need the travel time and price.|TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58 with a travel time of 47 minutes. The price is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you. That is all I needed.|You're very welcome! Goodbye.
Hi, can you please help me book a train departing from London King's Cross on Sunday?|We have 10 different trains for that day. Do you want to depart and/or arrive at a particular time?
I want to leave after 9.|There is a train leaving at 9:17, Sunday. Would you like for me to book that?
I need a booking on the train for 7 people to go to Cambridge. Is that doable?|Yes it is. Do you have a preferred time of departure?
I would like to leave after 9:00.|I have booked the train for 9:17.  The reference number is BBQXVMZK.  The total for 7 people is 132.16 GBP and is payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please help me find a expensive danish restaurant?|It looks like there aren't any expensive Danish restaurants in town.  Would you like me to look for another cuisine?
British food would be a suitable replacement I suppose.|We have many to choose from.  Any part of town work best?
No preference. Can you recommend one and book the same group of people on the same day please|Ok, I recommend the the cambridge chop house. It is in the city centre. What time would you like to eat?
i would like the reservation to be for sunday for 7 people at 20:15.|Booking for 7 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is  EXZLQAZY. May I help you with anything else?
Thanks.  That's all.  Goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?|university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?|No, but The Lensfield Hotel meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?|Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving on Thursday.  What time would you like to depart?
Yes, Hi! I am looking for a hotel in the tampa bay area.|You did not read the directions of this hit. There is no Tampa bay area. Please read the directions next time.
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from cambridge to stevenage.|If you would like to take a train from Cambridge to Stevenage there is one leaving Friday at 05:21 arriving by 06:10.  Does that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 18:45. I need tickets for 8 people. Could you make the reservation and provide a reference number?|I can get you on TR0523 arriving at Stevenage by 14:10.  How many tickets will you need?
8 tickets please, and I will need the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 81.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is 1A9JYQS7.
I'd like somewhere to go in town. Something in the centre please.|Is there anything in particular you're interested in doing/seeing?
Anything you recommend. I just need the entrance fee, attraction type and phone number.|Little Saint Mary's Church  is an architecture attraction with no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?|There are 15 restaurants in the city centre that are in the cheap price range. What type of cuisine would you prefer?
I will prefer restaurant that serve Chinese food.|I have three. Shall I try to book one?
Actually, no booking is necessary. But, can you suggest one and provide me the address. Thanks.|I recommend the golden house. The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre.
Great thank you, I also need a train to arrive by 20:15 and traveling on monday.|I can help you with that. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Norwich and heading for Cambridge.|Trains leave hourly from 5:16 am till 18:16 pm.  The 18:16 pm train arrives at 19:35.  The fare is 17.60.  What time would you like to leave?
That doesn't matter. The 18:16 will do. Book it for 4.|Your ticket booking was successful and the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 72SA1578. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I need today.|Great! Enjoy your visit and have a good one.
I need a training heading out from Leicester that leaves on Thursday.|there are multiple trains leaving for Leicester on Thursday. what time would you like to depart?
I would like to go to cambridge and arrive by 12:30.|There are 6 trains that leave Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by 12:30, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care what time I leave. I do need the price and train ID though.|There is a train departing at 10:09 and arriving at 11:54 with a ticket cost of 37.80 pounds. TrainID is TR2058. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I am also looking for a place to eat. Are there any restaurants in East Cambridge that serve unusual foods?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in all of Cambridge that serve unusual food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Oh well, thank you anyway.|You are welcome!! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage.|I can get you tickets for friday. The train departs the station at 05:21, is that time suitable for you?
How long is the trip?  I might like to leave somewhat later.|The trip is 49 minutes.
Excellent. Book it for 6 people and I'd like to arrive before 12:45.|Okay, I've booked you 6 tickets on train TR2515, which leaves at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10 in Stevenage. Your reference number is 1RMGSH2B. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks so much.  And yes, could you possibly point me to some entertainment in the town centre?|Unfortunately there isn't anything in the town centre that's entertainment, do you have an alternate preference or area you'd like?
Are there any museums in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre. Would you like to visit the Castle Galleries or Primavera perhaps? Both are free.
Can I get the addresses of both?|Castle galleries is at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Primavera is at 10 king s parade.
Fantastic. May I have the postcodes for those museums as well?|Castle Galleries is cb23bj and Primavera is cb21sj.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would be in cambridge and I need to find a train that will be leaving from peterborough this sunday, can you help me find one?|Am I correct that you are travelling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Sunday? There are plenty of options for that trip. Do you have any preferences on departure and arrival times?
Yes it has to leave on Sunday after 19:15.|On Sunday, train TR3922 leaves Peterborough at 19:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:09 and is 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, can you please book 4 tickets for me and provide me with the reference number, please.|Certainly, your reference number is GE1DNN0F. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I also need some accomodations. Got anything with free wifi?|I have 32 results of lodging with free wifi. Could you be more specific on what area you'd like to stay in, or what type such as hotel or guesthouse?
Certainly! I'd like an expensive 4-star hotel, please. No guesthouses.|You have your choice of the Huntingdon Marriott or the University Arms.
I'll take the Huntingdon Marriott. Will you please book a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday for four people?|I've booked your stay at the Huntingdon Marriott for 4 people.
Great. All I need is the reference number for that reservation.|No problem. Your reference number for your room is Z1A3JS0N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be it, thank you!|Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town.|There are 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the south of town. Is there a particular price range you're looking for?
I definitely want to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. Is the hotel moderately priced, and does it have free parking?|There are no moderately priced hotels in that side of town. Would you like to try a different side of town?
I see, well how about a guesthouse in that area with free parking?|Yes I have two guesthouses in that area. Would you be interested in either of them?
Yes, which one has room for six guests?|For what day would you like me to try booking for?
I need it on Sunday, for 3 nights.|Unfortunately, neither of those guesthouses can take in 6 guests for three nights on Sunday. Might I suggest another day or a shorter stay?
OK, can you accommodate 2 nights then?|Unfortunately, neither guesthouse can accommodate 2 nights. Is there another date you'd like to try for, or would you like to try for 1 night rather than 2?
Is there any other options that we can look into?|Unfortunately those are the only options within that price range. Would you like me to look for a more affordable option?
Just please book for that room for 2 nights.|I'm sorry, as I previously mentioned neither guesthouse can accommodate that request. How about another area of town?
Are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights Sunday for 6 people?|Not  based on Sunday arrival - would you like to try another day or shorter stay?
Let's try again. A moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. Sunday, 2 nights, 6 people.|I apologize. There is no hotel or guesthouse in the south with free parking that can accomodate you with those details. A different day or a shorter stay may work.
Could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting Sunday with a moderate price and free parking?|I'm sorry to tell you that there is no hotel in any area of town that meets those requirements and can accomodate 6 for 3 days from Sunday.
Shoot.  Well, okay, how about two nights?|I have booked 6 into Acorn Guest House for 2 days starting Sunday. It is moderately priced, in the north, with parking. Reference number 0GNWIGNC. Is there anything else?
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne that leaves after 8:15 on tuesday.|Train TR7656 departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 09:01.  If this works for you how many tickets do you need booked?
I need 6 tickets please.|I have booked 6 tickets for train TR7656 leaving at 9:01 Tuesday. The total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is SGNRTY27. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|Awesome. Take care!
I'm looking for a train going to london liverpool street.|I'd love to help! where's your destination?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street.|I'd love to help! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge.|How about TR5154 that leaves at 05:59?
help me  get price and train ID|The price is 16.60 pounds. Train ID is TR5154. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
Not today, thank you. Does the train arrive by 09:15?|No, it arrives at 7:27.
Can you go ahead and book it and get me a price please?|Before booking, could you please confirm either the time you'd like to depart or arrive?
I need to arrive at 09:15.|How about TR5154 which leaves on Friday at 05:59 and arrives by 07:27. It is 16.60 pounds and total trip is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that?
No I don't need to book. Thanks for the information.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Can you get me information on a hotel called city centre north b and b?|I can. City Centre North B & B is an inexpensive guesthouse offering free parking and free wifi.
Can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting monday? Can i have a reference number too please?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XCHS38QL. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for some train information please. I want to take the train into Cambridge.|Where is your departure site and what day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving from Ely, and I should be in Cambridge no later than 9:00, on Monday. I have a meeting in town.|TR7994 arrives by 5:52 and TR0755 by 7:52, which one would you prefer?
I would prefer TR0755.|Ok, TR0755 costs 4.40 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great.  Thank you very much.|I'll get right on that. Can I know how many tickets you'd like to purchase?
I would like two tickets please.|Sure thing I will work on booking that and be right back with you.
I just need to know the id. I do not need to book it.|Is there anything else that you need help with?
No, that's all. Thank you|you're welcome! bye!
I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of cambridge.|I was able to find 13 colleges would you like to go to Downing College?
Yes that would be great can you give me the postcode entrance for you and address to it?|Sure, the address is Regent Street, the postcode is cb21dq, and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need to find a train leaving on Monday.|Certainly, where are you departing from and what is your destination please?
I'm departing from london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are a number of trains running from 5:39  to 23:39. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 08:45. Which train leaves closest to that time?|Unfortunately, the closest leaves at 09:39, which leaves almost an hour later. That train is the TR7256, do you still want to book it?
Oh, no need to book it for me. But yes, that train will do just fine. Thank you for your help, that was all I needed.|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, please contact us.
I am looking for a train that leaves for Cambridge on Monday.|Where are you departing from?
Hello, I am departing from Ely.|There are several trains available, starting at 5:35 am and ending at 11:35 PM. What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 10:00 please|Train TR2987 will arrive in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets and a reference number.|Your tickets are all set, reference number is VKWMNP74
Thanks! I'm also looking for a good museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums, I would recommend castle galleries because it's free.
Fantastic. Can you provide me with the address and phone number for the Castle Galleries, please?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402
What is their entrance fee?|They do not have a fee. It is free to enter.
I have everything I need. Thanks!|Is there anything else I can look up for you today?
No, that's it. Thank you.|No problem! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
I would like it if you can help me find a place called Kambar.|Sure thing!  It is a nightclub in centre.  Anything else I can help with?
how much does it cost to get it?|Kambar is only 5 pounds to get into. Would you like any more information on it?
yes phone number and adress please|Their address is 1 wheeler street, cb23qb. Their phone number is 01223842725. Will that be all?
Actually, can you help me find information on a train to the Stansted Airport please?|Sure what day are you traveling?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Monday after 15:45. What is the travel time, price and train ID?|The next train is TR1088 departing at 16:40 with a duration of 28 minutes and it costs 10.10 pounds.
That sounds great, thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Did you need help with anything else?
That is all, thank you!|You're most welcome. I'm glad to be of service. Good-bye.
I need to book a train leaving from London Kings cross.|What day were you wanting to travel on?
I need to leave after 11:30 on tuesday. I'm traveling to cambridge.|I have 6 entires. TR3456 leaves at 13:17. Does that work for you?
Yes can I get the price on that?|Yes, it's 23.60 pounds per ticket.
Can you find me a restaurant that serves afghan food and is located in the east?|I'm sorry we don't have any Afghan restaurants in the east area. Would you like to try a different type of food or a different area?
How about Italian food?|The only Italian place in the east is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Would you like more information?
i want to book a table for 4 people at 21:00 on the same day as the train.|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is EV3K4Q4D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye|Okay great. I'm glad I could be of help.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4|There are five hotels that meet your requirements. Is there a certain part of town you are looking in?
No, not really. Although, I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking.|How about the Leverton House?  It's at 732-734 New Market Road.  It's in the east part of town.  Can I book this for you?
That sounds good. I would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: 7AAR2TYB.
I appreciate your help. I need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after 10:15. What is available, please?|We have plenty after 10:15, what day of the week?
Great, I'm looking to travel on Sunday.|I am showing 7 options here. Do you want tickets on one of them?
Yeah, book the earliest one for 4 people and send me the reference number|Alright, your tickets are booked and your reference is BFCUMP2S. Anything else today?
That is all I need today, thank you.|We're happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Find me a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant, please|Yes, maharajah tandoori restaurant serves Indain food and is located in the west.  They are the expensive price range.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please book a table for 3 at 12:15 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : QOES657A.
Great thank you|No thank you that will be all
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at, and I don't require free parking.|I show several to guesthouses to choose from.  Is there an area of town you prefer?
Yes. I would like to stay in the north.|Is there a price range you have in mind?
I do not have a particular price range in mind.|Okay, I've got the acorn guest house.  It's a 4 star place.  Would you like me to book you there?
No, thank you. Can you just give me the phone number, please?|No problem! You can ring them at 01223353888. Anything else?
I also need to book a train. It needs to go to Cambridge and leave on Sunday.|There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where will you be leaving from?
Kings Lynn is my point of departure.|No problem.  There are trains leaving hourly.  The trip takes 47 minutes.  The cost is 7.84 pounds. If you know what time you would like to leave, I can make a reservation for you.
I would like to know the train ID for that train please.|Okay the trainID is TR6003, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. What is the total travel time and departure time also?|TR6003 leaves kings lynn to cambridge on sunday at 05:11.  It takes 47 minutes to get there.  How many tickets will you be needing?
Actually, I'm all set. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a nice day!
Hi. I'm looking for a place to spend the night, and I want somewhere without any hidden fees for parking or wifi.|There are 29 choices. Do you have a preference in the area of town and price range?
I want a cheap price range, please.|There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast thich is 4 star and has free parking and wifi.
Great, can I have it for 4 people for 2 nights on wednesday and also I need a reference number?|Good news! Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is 5KCBOHZB.
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that departs from Bishop's Stortford that departs on Wednesday.|I have over 10 options. Do you have a preference for a departure or arrival time?
I would like it to arrive by 20:30 please.|There are 8 trains that will arrive by the time you stated. Do you have a preference on what time you leave at?
I'll take the train that arrives closest to 20:30 for 4 people please.|I have booked for you Train Tr9178  the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : IKRVR8G2.
Thanks! For all your help.|Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|You're welcome, goodbye.
Can you help me find a train for Wednesday, heading into Cambridge?|I have five trains that meet your criteria.
I'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 16:15. Does this help?|The TR2232 train is available. It departs wednesday at 17:39 from london liverpool to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please book me a ticket.|Just to clarify, would that be just one ticket or multiple tickets?
Oh wait, before booking I would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.|It will arrive by 19:07.  Do you need tickets?
I need to know the travel time before booking.|the travel time is 88 minutes.
Thanks, I actually don't want to book just yet. I do need a place to stay though. Could you please suggest a hotel in a moderate price range?|I found few hotel for you but before I make a reservation, do prefer it have Internet or parking option ?
Yes, it will need to have free parking and free internet please|Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
Yes, I am looking for something in the North.|I see 9 options here. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I think I'd like a moderately priced hotel, please.|I have 2 in that area. They are Ashley hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to make reservations for one of these?
I like the sound of the Lovell Lodge.|Great, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. There will be 7 people staying for 4 nights|I have you booked as requested starting on wednesday, the reference number is ZFBJXY09 any other questions today?
That is everything, thank you for your assistance.|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good Bye.
Hello, I'm trying to find a restaurant called anatolia. Do you have any info about it?|It's a Turkish place in the centre that's moderately expensive. What else would you like to know?
Can you book a table there for me?|Of course! Will you give me a day and time? And how many in your party?
It would be for Monday for 5 people at 18:15 if possible.|Unfortunately, they are fully booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
How about the same day at 17:15.  Is that available?  I'll also need a train departing stevenage and should arrive by 10:15.|I was able to book at table at Anatolia. Monday at 17:15 for 5 people, reference number 62W1W1V0. What destination would you like for the train from Stevenage?
Cambridge please.|TR8306 leaves for Cambridge Friday 05:54
Yes, can you give me some information?  I am looking for a particular attraction.|Sure, I can assist you.  What type of attraction were you interested in?
it's called primavera.|Here you go, Primavera is a museum in the centre of town, they have free admission.
I would like tickets.|You will not need tickets, as admission is free. Would you like the address or phone number?
Phone number and postcode please.|The phone number is 01223357708.
And postcode please like I asked before.|The post code is cb21sj.
rad, thanks. i also need a train ticket|Okay, where are you heading?
I want to leave Broxbourne and go to Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to travel on thursday.|There are 19 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure or arrival time?
I have to leave after 12:30.|tr7406 leaves at 12:32, how many tickets?
Could you tell me what the travel time is, please?|The travel time is 60 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Are there any high end restaurants within the centre of town?|There are 33 places in Centre that meet that criteria, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
No I do  not can you recommend one please?|How about the Bedouin? They serve African cuisine.
That would be perfect if it is in expensive range. I need to book it for sunday.|great, how many people will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us.  16:15, if possible.|OK, your table is booked, ref#1GRC21JW. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a train to get me to the Stansted Airport on Monday?|yes! from where will you  be departing?
I will go from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i will need to arrive by 19:00 on monday.|The TR3571 can get you there by 18:08, is that ok?
Yes, please give me the price.|it will cost 10.10 pounds
Thank you that is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I've got a craving for some pasta. Can you find me a good Italian restaurant on the west side of the city?|I have two different ones that are great. One is cheaper and the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes, definitely the cheap one.|That's the la margherita. Do you want me to book a reservation?
Yes, please! I'd like it for 15:15 on Thursday for 7 people.|Booked! Reference number: S22TYNUQ. The table is reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need a train to stevenage.|Yes, there are 70 different options  Do you have a preference for day, and time?
Yes, I'd like to leave Cambridge on Friday, sometime after 12:30.|There is a train that leaves at 1:21pm and arrives at 2:10pm. Do you want me to book?
That won't be necessary.|Is there anything more I can help you with?
No, that will be all thank you for your help.|Thank you so much for using our services! Goodbye.
Hey, I am looking for a train that leaves leicester to cambridge, where is it?|There are many trains each day that run between Leicester and Cambridge.  What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 18:15.|The 16:09 will have you there at 17:54 if it is on time.  Would you like me to book you a seat?
I don't need to book now. What is the total travel time for that train?|105 minutes is the travel time. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes you can. I'd like to see a few things while I'm in town so find me something nice to check out on the west side.|We have entertainment venues, museums, & colleges to visit.  Is there a particular attraction type you would be interested in?
Any attraction you recommend will be great. I just need the postcode and entrance fee.|Clare College is a popular attraction on the west side. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds and the postcode is cb21tl. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, thanks!  That'll be all that I need for today!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.|I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by 12:30.|I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.|Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.
Hello, can you give me some information on a train?|I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.|Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?|Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.|We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.|They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
Could you tell me if there is a swimmingpool in the center of town?|Yes, Parkside Pools is located in the Centre of town at Gonville Place. Would you like their phone number?
No but I would like the address and entrance fee.|It's located at gonville place and unfortunately, I do not know the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to buy a train ticket departing from Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 14:30.|There are several trains that depart from Cambridge.  Can you please tell me the destination and the day you would like to depart.
I'll be heading to Peterborough on Friday.|The TR0545 arrives at 13:56. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the price of that train.|It is 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a ticket?
no, thanks. That will be all. goodbye.|Have a wonderful day!
Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and need some help with a train.  I'm not familiar with trains at all unfortunately.|Don't worry, I should be able to help you. Do you know which station you'll be leaving from or going to?
I'm departing from leicester and I need to leave on friday.  Thank you for helping!|What is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
11 pm and I want it for three people|TR6539 will arrive by 22:54. Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IE5RK2IG. Do you need anything else?
I also need a place to stay.|We have many great places to stay. What area would you like and do you have a price range?
I need a train going to cambridge.|Where will you be arriving from and on what day?
I'd like to travel on Wednesday and I'll be coming from London Kings Cross.|I have many trains to choose from. Do you have a travel time preference?
i want to arrive by 20:15|The TR9332 arrives by 20:08.  Would you like it booked?
Yes please, for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 9BB5OGBN. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go. Maybe a nightclub?|We have 6 nightclubs in town. Most of them are in the center, and Kambar, at 1 Wheeler St., is my favorite.
get phone number, area, and postcode of Kambar.|Kambar nightclub is in the centre area.  The phone# is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb.
Oh yeah, I'm so there. Thanks a lot, that's all I needed help with today! Bye|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?|It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.|Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.|I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7.
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday|ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?
Before booking I need to make sure that train meets my needs.  May I please get the arrival time of that train and the price?|it arrives at 13:23 and will cost you 75.10 pounds
Okay, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our service, goodbye!
I need to get to Cambridge by 10:30, is it possible to do that by train?|Where are you leaving from? And what day do you need to leave?
I'll be leaving from Ely on Monday.|We have three trains arriving by 10:30. What time would you like to leave?
What time would I need to leave in order to arrive by 10:30?|I would say you should leave by 09:35
Ok can i get the train ID and price?|TR2987, fare is 4.40 pounds and your trip will be 17 minutes.
Great. Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.|There are many to choose from. Do you have a preferred area?
I don't have a preferred area, but I am looking for a hotel, not a  guesthouse. Does that narrow it down?|Unfortunately there aren't any hotels that match that criteria.  They are all guesthouses.
Ok, a guesthouse will have to do. How many choices do I have?|There are 11 choices.  Picking an area of town will help to narrow it down.
Please pick the best option. I need a room for 8, for two nights and starting Monday.|Booking was successful for the a and b guest house. Your reference number is : 1HPJ1F1W.  Do you require any further assistance?
Not, that is all I will need today. Thanks.|Is there anything else?
no that will be all thanks so much.|You're very welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called the golden curry?|The golden curry is an Indian restaurant that is expensive and located at Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223329432.
That sounds fine. Can you book it for 5 people at 13:00 this Friday?|There's no table available at 13:00. Would you like me to try a different time?
Yes, can you try at 12:00 please?|The booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. You're reference number is OST7VJZE is there anything else you need?
I need to book a train too.|I would love to help find you the perfect train! Where will you be departing from and where will you be heading?
Yes, I'd like a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 09:30, please.|Where will you be departing from?
broxbourne. This is on friday, by the way.|Okay I only got you 1 ticket. Your reference number is G1DHVW6A. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No thank you. I appreciate the help.|You are welcome. I was glad to assist you.
Please call again if you need more help.|Please call again if you need more help.
Are there restaurants in the city centre which serve North American cuisine?|There is one expensive restaurant called gourmet burger kitchen would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, thanks!|What day and time would you like me to book it?
I need it booked for 8 people on Sunday at 15:45. I'd also like to have the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes only. Your reference number is HJCYIRG6. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Monday.|Where will you be going?
I need to get to Stevenage by 16:45.|Train ID TR1898 will have you arriving at Stevenage at 14:10. It leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
That's just perfect. Can you buy our tickets? Same group of people as the gourmet burger kitchen.|I have purchased 8 tickets for you. The reference number is PWMD3SIU.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service.
Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well!|It's been a pleasure. Good day and goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing out of Norwich to Cambridge, please.|Certainly. What day and time would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on friday after 08:15|TR3293 will leave at 08:16 would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you book that for 5 people and give me a reference number?|Ok, I've booked 5 people on TR 3293.  Your reference number is BBG39TVV and your total due is 88 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
I need a place to stay too.|How about guesthouses? Or would you prefer a hotel? How long is your stay and how many rooms?
We will need the guesthouse for 4 nights starting friday and will need 2 rooms.  Thank you.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre is an excellent choice. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range of the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|The price range on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap. Would you like to book a room?
No, actually I need a hotel in the expensive price range.|I have no expensive guesthouses, but I do have the University Arms Hotel that is expensive in the centre of town, rated 4 stars with wifi and parking.
Could I get the postcode and phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. Can I assist you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
There are trains that run out of Broxbourne, right?|indeed, do you know what day you're traveling?
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday, and I need to get there around 10:00.|TR3111 will arrive at 09:32. Want to book?
Yes, I need a booking 3 people and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JY9BZKAV.
I also need a place to stay in the south with a 4 star rating.|I have two options for you. Both offer free parking and wifi and are 4 star rated. There is Aylesbray Lodge and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Which would you prefer?
Are either of those in the moderate price range?|Yes, aylesbray lodge guest house is in the moderate price range. Can I book you a room?
Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : L4WMNV6Q.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Yes, would you be able to help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?|I can definitely help with that. What day would you like to travel? And what is your desired destination?
I want to travel on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|There are 19 different trains on Saturday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 14:30. Could you find me a train for that time?|The first train to leave after 14:30 is TR6982 and leaves at 15:11
OK, could you book me 7 tickets for the TR6982?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse while I'm there. I'd like a place that has free parking.|There are a number of guesthouses.  Do you have a price range and an area that you prefer?
No. What is available?|I have 21 places that fit what you want.  Do you have a price preference?
Not at the moment.  Can you recommend any moderately priced guesthouses to accommodate  7 people?|Is there a specific area of town you would like to stay in?
Not particularly. I just need one for 5 nights starting Monday. Whichever you recommend.|I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a guesthouse, would you be able to check in at a later day, or could you stay for a shorter period?
Can you book it for 3 nights?|You're booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights, 7 people, starting on Monday. Your reference number is WU51A5WI. Can I help with anything else today?
I do not need anymore help. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you.  Enjoy your stay!  Let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future!
i am  looking for a train. The train should leave on Saturday and should depart from Cambridge.|I can help with that! Where will you be traveling to?
Make that Tuesday.  And I need to go to Stansted Airport.|Okay, I changed the day of travel to tuesday for you. Do you know what time you might want to leave after or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 19:30 please|Train TR9495 arrives at 19:08. Would you like to purchase tickets?
No thanks, that's actually all the info I needed from you today. Thank you!|Okay, great. Call us back if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm traveling to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Saturday and need to find a train.|Great! One of these trains should work, thank you and goodbye
Um, one of what trains should work? Hello?|I'm very sorry for the confusion, there are 19 trains travelling to cambridge on saturday, do you need to depart or arrive at any particular time?
I would like to depart stansted airport saturday and arrive in Cambridge by 12:00. Could you also let me know the cost?|All trips arriving by 12:00 cost 8.08 pounds. Is there a specific time you would like to depart?
No, instead I'd like to find a gastropub restaurant in the centre. Can you help me with that?|Yes definitely. I have 3 to choose from. Some are expensive and one is in the moderate price range. Do you have preference/
No.  Just choose one and give me the phone number and address please.|No problem. The Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. They're phone number is 01223306306. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to know what the price range is for this restaurant.|This restaurant is expensive.  Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Not a problem! Have a great day now!
I'm going to Cambridge and I need a train that arrives by 16:00.|Where will you be departing from and what time will you be leaving?
I will be departing from stansted airport and I want to leave on thursday|OK, the TR3076 train arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book that one or consider other options?
Yeah, book that one.|How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
i want to book for six people. i also want a restaurant. The restaurant should serve northern european food and should be in the centre|I have made the train reservations your reference number is HHQDGA03.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern european food in the centre.|I have several options what price range were you looking for?
How about northern european?|I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I do not have a Northern European restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, how about italian food?|Yes I have 9 to choose from. What price range would you like?
Probably cheap would be best|There are several to choose from. There's Pizze Hut City Centre, Ask, and also Zizzi Cambridge. Does one of those sound good?
Can you pick one for me?|Absolutely! I really enjoy Zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Sure. Sounds good. I need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at 20:15. Can I please have the reference number as well?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : BE27DMZM.
Thanks for your help! That is all I needed today.|May I look anything else up for you?
That is all I need today good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I need a train on wednesday to try some of the local restaurants in cambridge.|I can assist, where will you be coming from and do you have a time preference?
I am departing from London Kings Cross and need to arrive by 16:30.|The earliest that I can get would be an arrival time at 14:08. How many tickets please?
How much are the tickets?|Each ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Please book it for 1 person please.|The reference number is F2ODHQYM.
Great! Can you also find me a moderately-priced restaurant on the north side of town?|I have listings for 2 both in the north of town.
Can you give me a phone number and post code for whichever one you like the best?|I recommend the Golden Wok located at 181 Histon Road Chesterton, post code cb43hl, and their phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you , that will do it .  I appreciate the help.|You're so welcome. Have a nice day! Goodbye!
Hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?|Where in town would you like to go?
I would love to see some of the beautiful architecture that Cambridge has to offer.|I would recommend the holy trinity church, located in the centre of town on market street. Admission is free! Do you need anything else?
Yes, could I get the phone number for holy trinity church?|Here is the phone number you requested, 01223355397.
I am also looking for a train that goes to kings lynn leaving after 12:30. I would prefer it to leave on Tuesday and depart from cambridge|I have train TR6585 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58.
Do you have anything leaving closer to 12:30? If not, could I have the train ID of the TR6585 please?|The train ID of TR6585........is TR6585. Do you need anything else?
how much are the tickets and the travel time?|47 minutes and 9.8 per ticket
Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day!|You, too. Thanks so much for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?|When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.|Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45.  Do you have something on that day?|TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.|I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference on location.|Want me to book gonville hotel?
That would be great, thanks.  We'll have 7 people staying 5 nights starting from Sunday.|Done! Your reference number is GRWG727T. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome. The Cambridge TownInfo centre is always here for you. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I need some more specifics to help you.  What type of information do you need?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. I would like it to be expensive and include free wifi.|I was unable to find any matching places for that.
What about one in the moderate price range?|Yes I have 8 guesthouses available in the moderate price range.  Will you require free parking and wifi?
Yes I do need the free wifi.|Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, that would be good. Can you just let me know the star rating of the hotel, whether they have free parking, and address? Thanks|Sure! the acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel with free parking and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I also need to find a train for Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and leaving after 15:15.|TR8365 leaves norwich at 16:16 and will arrive in cambridge at 17:35. Would you like me to book you tickets for that train?
No need to book the tickets I just needed the info. Thats all I needed thanks|Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm planning my trip and I need a train that leaves on saturday from norwich.|There is a train that leaves from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday at 5:16. It will arrive to Cambridge at 6:35.
I need something that arrives by 08:45.|I have train TR6560 that arrives at 08:35 is that good for you?
That sounds good, can you book for 8 people please?|I have your seats reserved.  The total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 9MVEG3RD.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much.  Yes, I am trying to find a place to eat also.|Sure, I can help with that.  Did you have a particular kind of food in mind?
I would like Korean food.|I have a listing for little seoul it is in the centre and expensive.
Is there anything more moderately priced available by way of Korean food?|I'm sorry. little seoul is the only korean restaurant around.
How about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Italian food?|I have 5 to choose from. Did you prefer a certain area of town so that we can narrow it down?
Just pick one and give me:  phone number and postcode|Okay, how about pizza hut cherry hinton. Their phone number is 01223323737 and the post code is cb17dy.
That will work! Thanks so much. Take care. Bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking a train that is leaving on Thursday but will arrive by 09:30 to Cambridge.|Okay, and where are you leaving from?
i will depart from birmingham new street|TR3736 arrives in Cambridge at 09:23.
That would be great. Please book tickets for 7 people. I'll also need a reference number, if possible.|Okay I booked it for you and your reference number is 0LYL0J3V.
Thank you. I will also need a place to stay in the north. I'd like something that includes free parking.|Okay and what is your price range?
It doesn't really matter as long as the parking is free. I don't even need internet.|when is your stay?
Let's go with Thursday.|Ok great. I highly suggest the Acorn Guest House. Would you like for me to book a room?
yeah book it for the same group of people please|Booking for 1 night at acorn guest house was successful. Reference number VO8YM3X4. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888, postcode cb41da. Will you need anything else?
No that is all I need help with at the moment, thank you.|Have a wonderful time.
I'm sorry, but I actually needed the hotel for 4 nights, can you adjust that for me?|Yes, I can.
how about 1 nights.|Yes, that should be fine. Please adjust it for me.
I'm sorry, I got confused there for a moment - were you unable to book me for 4 nights?|No, you're successfully booked for 4 nights at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is 0PP63274. Can I help with anything else today?
That would bee all thank you|Just to clarify. You have been successfully booked at the Acorn Guest House. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free wifi?|I have 23 guesthouses that would meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area, stars, or price range?
Sure. I need something in the North, and I'd like a 4 star establishment.|acorn guest house is a great place
That would be great. Can I have the postcode, phone number, and if they have free parking?|They do have parking available.  I'm sure you'll love it.  They're at 154 chesterton road, cb41da and their phone number is 01223353888. Want to book a room?
No thank you. I'm looking for a train that is departing from Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge.|What day are you wanting to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on thursday|There are many leaving that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave on thursday and should leave after 20:00.|Great. I have a train that leaves at 20:40. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you, I just need the arrival and travel time.|The TR5106 arrives in Cambridge at 23:23.  The travel time is 163 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I needed!  Thank you so much.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Are there any Turkish restaurant in the Centre location?|There are 3 options available to you.  Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No,could you recommend one and give me the address, price range, and postcode.|How about the moderately priced Anatolia?  The address is 30 Bridge Street, cb21uj. Would you like me to book that?
No thank you.  I also need to find a train going to Leicester.|Sure thing where will you be traveling from, and what day and time will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. I'd like to get to Leicester by 18:00 please.|TR0469 arrives by 17:06, would you like me to book you passage?
Not yet. What is the price and travel time?|The price for that one is 37.80 pounds and the travel time is a little under 2 hours
Can you be more specific on the travel time. I have a tight schedule to keep. Can you tell me in minutes?|The exact travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you. Can you make the booking?|Yes I can make the booking for you.  How many people will be traveling?
You know what, don't worry about it, the trains are never full, I'll just grab a ticket at the station.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that was all the information I needed for now.|Ok.  Just let us know if you need anything else.  Have a great day!
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant. Preferably a nice, expensive one in the south.|Great! I've found 5 different restaurants in the south that will suit your needs. Do you like Italian food?
No, I was actually looking for an Indian restaurant. Is there one?|The taj tandoori serves indian food. Is there anything else?
Can you please book me a table for one at 16:30 on Sunday?|Okay you are all booked for a party of one at 16:30 on Sunday at taj tandoori.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I need a train to broxbourne.|In case you need it, your reservation reference# is A3D8IGZ1. Now for a train. What day and time would you like to travel on, and will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, I will leave Cambridge on Monday sometime after 18:15.|TR2292 departs at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01.  Would that work?
Yes please book me a seat and I will need a reference number please.|I have booked you a seat for one on the TR2292 depearting Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 19:01. Your reference is D9IK9LXA.  Is there anything more today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help. Have a great day!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|sure, i have so many options for you!
Great, what would you recommend for me?|I would recommend Bedouin,which serves African food and is in the expensive price range.
Can you give me addresss and phone number please|Bedouis is located in the centre of town. Their address is 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660
Thanks for that. I also need a train to bishops stortford from cambridge. I need it to leave from cambridge on Friday.|Did you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive at Bishops by 14:45.|I'm afraid there is no record for such trains, should we try for a different time?
Any arrival time would work so long as it gets to Bishops before 14:45.|TR8585 leaves cambridge at 13:29 and arrives in Bishops Stortford at 14:07. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No but I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in the city's center.|Ali Baba is the only lebanese restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds great.  I need to book it for 5 people at 11:45 on Friday.  Can I get the reference number please?|You're all set. Ali baba will be expecting the 5 of you at 11:45 on Friday. Your Reference number is : UHPZFTUK.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.|Thank you for using our service today!
Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.|I have 8 options for you. What area are you looking for?
What places are in the south?|There is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south that has free parking and internet, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for one person for 4 nights starting Friday please.|I booked you a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 nights starting Friday. Your reference is V0HUXEUZ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will do.|Well, thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
Hi, yes, I am looking for a train leaving on Tuesday that will arrive by 12:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Where will you be headed on Tuesday?
I need to head to norwich|I would recommend train ID TR8542 which departs Cambridge at 10:36 and arrives in Norwich at 11:55. There are a few earlier options as well.
Thank you, that sounds good! Could you let me know how much it costs?|Sure! The cost is 17.60
Excellent. I also need a place to go in town.|There are lots of attractions in Cambridge, do you have any specific activities in mind?
I would like something in the Centre if possible. Perhaps a gallery?|How about broughton house gallery?
Could you let me know the address and how much it costs?|Their address is 98 king street and they have free admission. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you have been extremely helpful already.  I am all set.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thanks for using our service have a good day. Bye.
Hi there. I've heard great things about the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Can you find me some details about it, please?|I can do that.  The Grafton hotel restaurant is located in the east area, it serves British and is in the expensive price range.
Can I get their phone number please?|Of course.  The phone number is 01223241387.  Do you need anything else?
I also need information about a train leaving from Leicester.|There are 133 trains leaving leicester. Can you be more specific?
Yes. I need a train going to Cambridge leaving after 19:15.|There are several trains departing from Leicester heading to Cambridge after 19:15.  What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on saturday.|I have narrowed the selection down to 4 trains.  Arrival times are 21:54, 22:54, 23:54, and 24:54.  What time would you prefer?
The 21:54 one, what's it's ID and travel time?|The Id is TR2292 and has a travel time of 105 minutes.
What's the arrival time for that?|The TR2292 departs Leicester at 20:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:54, for a trip duration of 105 minutes.
Okay thank you. That will be fine.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your visit.
I need to take a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge.  Ill need to leave after 9:00|There are 56 trains traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge after 9:00 between Friday and Wednesday. What day to you want to travel?
I want to leave on Sunday.|How about TR4803 that leaves at 09:29?
That will work can you book that for me please?|Of course.  How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't need a booking. I just need to know when it arrives, thanks.|It arrives at 10:07.
Thank you. I am also looking for a park to go to.|I have 5 to choose from. Is there a certain area you were wanting the park to be in?
no specific area. just recommend one.|Milton Country Park is a great place to visit! It's in the North and free to enter.
Great! Please, give me the address of the park.|milton country park, milton.
Thank you so much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You too, enjoy your stay!
Hello, I'm looking for places to go located in the south part of town.|Are you looking for any specific type of entertainment? There is an art museum and cinema in the south part. Would you like an address?
Can I get the address for the cinema?|It is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Did you want the phone number and postcode?
Please do give me the address and also if you could I am looking for a train as well to depart from cambridge and head down to london liverpool street.|The cinema is at Cambridge leisure park, Clifton way. What day would you like to depart Cambridge and at what time?
I need to go on Sunday, sometime after 16:00.|I have four trains leaving after 16:00, the first at 17:59, arriving at 19:27, and then leaving at 2 hour intervals with the last at 23:59 arriving 1:27 Monday.
I take the first one at 17:59. May I have the price and train ID?|Sure, the train id for the 17:59 departure is TR7713 and the price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes I would like you to book a ticket and may I have the reference number please.|Your ticket has been booked and your reference number is XWBRQZHT.
Thank you for your help, that is everything I needed.|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am looking for a attraction called emmanuel college.|Emmanuel College is located on St. Andrew's Street in the city centre, would you like to know their hours of operation?
No but can you get me the postcode.|Their postcode is cb23ap.
I need to find a train to get there too.|OK, can you give me your arrival and departure stations, as well as the day and time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 and I am going to Cambridge.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you will be traveling?
Sure, I will be departing from London Kings Cross on Friday.|I have train TR5219 leaving at 5:17 and arriving at 6:08 with a cost of 23.60 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 8 people and let me know the reference number.|Great, 8 tickets secured your reference numer is 5CETWAP8 and the cost is 188.8 payable at the station. Anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need.|Thanks for calling in today. Have a nice day.
Thanks again.  Bye!|Thank you for your time.
I am looking for a museum in town|We have 23 museums to pick from, are there any preferences?
Do you have a suggestion?|The cafe jello gallery is nice. It is in the west and free to get in?
Can I get the address for that please?|There is no listing for jelly, but I can book the attraction for you
I would like to book a hotel in Cambridge. Is there any availability at the Autumn House?|When would you like to visit autumn house?
Yes. Book it for 6 people and 4 nights from thursday.|I have your party of 6 booked at Autumn House for 4 nights starting Thursday, your reference number is 4ZZ358JU. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I would like to leave Thursday.|No problem. Where are you leaving from?
Ely. Oh and I'll need to arrive by 9.|I have the TR7745 leaving ely at 7:35 and arriving at 7:52. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, for the same group of 6.|Your train has been booked. Your reference number is RSOJO37T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't believe so. I think that does it. Have a great night. Bye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I would like you to help me find a train departure. The train should leave on thursday and arrive at cambridge.|Where will you be leaving from?
From Bishops Stortford after 15:00|Alright, would you like me to make a booking for you?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time|I'm sorry, there are no trains that day.  Would you like to try another day?
I think you should try again. Cambridge to Bishop Stafford on Thursday.|I have 5 trains.  They depart 15:29, 17:29, 19:29, 21:29, 23:29. They are all 38 mins travel duration.
PLease give me the info for a train meeting the above listed criteria.|Train# TR7759 departing from Cambridge at 15:29 arrives in Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|There are about 8 choices. Did you want a certain area or price range?
area and price are of no concern to me as long as the guesthouse has free parking and free wifi|Ok! I suggest the Archway House. Would you like a room book?
Sure, thanks, for 6 people, for 2 nights, starting Thursday, please!|We have you set at Archway house. Reference number is P1FFCU2Z
Ok thank you for your help.|Can I look up anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the expensive price range.|There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on what area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I just need to have free parking.|I have five hotels that all fit that criteria. Anything else you're looking for in a hotel or should I just book one of those for you?
I don't need it booked. Can I get the phone number and address of an expensive hotel with free wifi and parking? You choose.|The phone number for Gonville is 01223366611, and the address is gonville place
I also need a train departing from Stevenage leaving after 08:45|What is your destination?
Cambridge on Friday.|The first train available leaves at 09:54 and arrives at 10:43. Will that work?
I think so, but can you confirm the price first?  Thank you.|The price is 12.80 pounds.
Is there any earlier arrival times?|There is also a train that leaves at 07:54, would you like that one?
Could you please give me the arrival time and confirm that the price is still 12.80|Yes, the price is still 12.80. It arrives at 8:43.
OK, thank you.  That is everything that I need.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hello, I'm looking for a train. I need to leave on Wednesday from Norwich.|Any idea where you want to go?
I am looking to go to Cambridge.|To help narrow down the choices, what time would you like to depart at?
i'm leaving after 09:00.|how about TR1180 that leaves at 09:16?
What is the Price and travel time?|It is 17.60 pounds per person and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Ok great, can you book it for me please?|You are booked fee will be 17.6 payable at the station, the refernece number is BT2I3WGS.  Anything else today?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|welcome nice travel
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Excellent! What can I help you with?
I want to get a train to cambridge from leicester.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by 15:45 and leave on friday.|There is TR4625 that will depart from leicester and arrive at 14:54.  The cost of the ticket is 37.80 pounds.
Sounds great. i will need a booking for 2 people.|I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR4625 leaving Leicester at 13:09 and arriving in Cambridge at 14:54 total fee is 75.59 GBP referenece TGE8CAOR.
Great! Thank you! I will also need a hotel in the east. It must have free parking.|express by holiday inn cambridge is in the east and has an expensive price range
Okay can you book it for me for 3 nights from Friday for 2 people?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MTML5ASG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't think so. Not today. Thanks for the help! Goodbye.|Great. I hope you have a great day.
i AM looking for a train. The train should depart from Bournemouth and should leave on Sunday.|Where is your destination for that day?
I'm sorry I misspoke earlier, I'm actually looking to leave from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.|There is train on Sunday at 08:32 that goes from broxbourne to cambridge
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly. What can I help you with today?
I'm looking for places to stay that has 3 stars|We have several options. Any specific area?
I don't really care where.  But, it does need free parking.  I'm thinking I may need free wifi also.  Is there anything?|I have five options available. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Do you have any recommendations?|I recommend the lensfield hotel located on the south side of town at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anymore information?
Great can you give me the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223355017.
thank you that will be all|Thank you for using our services. Please feel free to call on us again if we can be of help planning your trip to Cambridge.
May I please have information about a train to Stevenage, leaving on Tuesday?|Certainly. Is Cambridge your departure point?
Yes, please.|Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Any that leave after 08:00 would be fine. I'll need a booking for 5 people, please.|You are booked for the TR4546 train. Your reference number is NALGEDH3 and 64 GPB will be due at the station. Is there anything else?
I would also like a moderately priced place to stay.|Is there a certain area that you perfer? Maybe free parking or wifi?
free wifi and 4 stars please|I have the guesthouse called Avalon available.  It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.  It's in the north.  Would you like me to book this?
Sounds great. I'd like to make a reservation for Saturday.|I would be happy to book this for you. Will you be booking for 5 people?
Yes for 5 people and 3 nights.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 5KPWKTTX. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I can help with that. Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from norwich.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after 18:15. Can I have an arrival time and price?|TR5488 will depart Norwich at 18:16 on Tuesday, arriving in Cambridge at 19:35. Would you like to book passage?
Can I get the price for that?|Each ticket costs 17.60 pounds.
i'm also looking for places to go in the east.|There are a few places ranging from boating to multiple sports attractions; what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I'm open to anything.  How about the boating?|camboats is a great place in the East. Do you need their number?
Can I have the postcode please?|Their postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks that is enough for today|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for something to do in the centre, what do you have?|There is a lot to do in the centre. What type of attraction are you most interested in?
Are there any good nightclubs in that part of town?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, would you like more information about them?
I think I would just like you to recommend one.|They just added a second floor at Club Salsa. It's a must see. They are located at 1 Station Road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you! I also need a train that goes to Peterborough and arrives there at 14:45. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are 18 available trains that day. Could you tell me what time you would be departing?
I am not sure what time I want to leave yet.  Can you give me a list of travel time and departure times?|It sounds like TR3102 would be a great choice. It arrives by 14:24.
Okay, thanks! When does it depart, and how long is the ride?|It departs at 13:34 and is 50 minutes long. is there anything else i can help you with?
No that's all the help I need for now. Thanks|Enjoy the rest of your day and thank you for using the Cambridge help desk.
Hi, I am looking for a train.  I need to depart from cambridge after 12:00.|I can look this up for you, I just need the date and where you will be going to.
I am going to birmingham new street on Tuesday.|TR1731 will leave at 12:01, would that work for you?
Yes can I get the travel time and price for that?|Yes the travel time is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks so much. I also wanted to know if you can give me some information on an attraction called Primavera.|Primavera is a museum located in the center of town at 10 King S Parade and they do not charge an entrance fee. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I have their phone number, please?|Yes sure it is 01223357708.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you!|Ok. Thank you. Goodbye
What trains leave London Liverpool Street and go to Cambridge?|There are several trains that depart from London Liverpool Street on Friday. Is there a particular time you wish to leave by?
Yes, sometime after 09:15.|There are several trains departing on Friday every :39 of the hour from 9:39 to 23:39. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
I'll go with the 9:39.|Wonderful, your train has been booked!
I think I forgot to add that I will need the booking for 3 people please. Will you modify the booking for me?|Great! Thank you for your help.
Please modify the booking for three people please.|Sure. Just a moment.
I need a reference number for the train. Then I need to find a moderate Italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 16:30 on Saturday, and a reference number.|Ok, I have three tickets booked on the 9:39. The reference number is QOL9GX6F. Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton sound good? It's the only Italian restaurant in east.
Yes I think that would be good. Is that available at 4:30 PM?|What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
I am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on saturday.|Ok, I have booked dinner for three on Saturday at 16:30 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Your reference number is MLMBLJEG. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you that is all the info I need.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
Please help me find a train that leaves Norwich after 5:45 PM. Thanks.|Certainly what day will you need that?
I would like to travel on Saturday please.|Train TR2970 should work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
yes book for me fo 3 people and provide me with reference number|I was able to book 3 tickets it will be 45.24 GBP you can pay at the station. The reference number is YVQA5ZCC. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'd also like to find some places to go while I'm in town. What is there in the way of architectural attractions in the city centre?|The All Saints Church would be a beautiful architectural attraction.  Would you like info on that?
Yes, can you please send that to me?|It's located on Jesus Lane. Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs. Do you need anything else?
No, that's perfect.  Thank you for you help.|You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|We have many options available.  What type of food would you like to eat?
I actually need a train leaving kings lynn on wednesday.|That should be no problem do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to leave on wednesday after 09:30. I need seats for 6 people and the reference number please.|I can do that for you! Where would you like to go?
We need to go to Cambridge.|TR3225 leaves Kings Lynn 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. Do you want me to book this train for you?
yes and please include a reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : USQHZNBW. May I assist you with anything else ?
I also need a place to dine. Can you help me?|Sure. There are plenty of places to eat. Do you have a preference for area, price, or location?
Yes, we love Korean food and want to try the expensive price range, please.|How about little seoul? It has gotten great reviews!
Sure, please book that for 6 people at 17:30 on wednesday.|It is not available for the time requested. Should I check different time?
Could you try Monday then?|I'm sorry those are not available.
could you try Monday @ 19:30 please?|thanks a lot i enjoyed your service
Pardon? Were you able to reserve our table, please?|It's not available. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
No, could you try that restaurant for later that evening?|I am sorry, I can't book anything for that restaurant at all that night. Is there a different restaurant I can try for you?
I don't think so.|We are having technical problems. Please call the restaurant directly at 01223308681. Anything else?
Thank you for your help. Good bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I need to get a train ticket for friday please.|Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave after 13:15.|Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.|Reference number is : IVX6L3KV. Can I help with anything else?
I need a train that is leaving after 11:30.|Yes, there are multiple trains available. What day and time will you be departing?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Monday please.|And where are you bound?
I am going to Birmingham New Street.|Is there a train leaving earlier than 11:30, since there is nothing after 11:30?
I need to leave after 11:30, and go to Birmingham, New Street.|Sorry about that, there are actually 12 options here. The first train is TR6162, which leaves at 12:01
Please make a booking for 6 people on that first train.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ISOR1J8A. Can I help with anything else?
I would also like somewhere fun to go, a college I think.|We have 18 colleges is there a specific area you'd like me to look at?
Can you recommend one for me and give me their phone number please?|Sure, corpus christi is located at king's parade, phone 01223338000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, I am all set! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|great, i have 9 options for you.
I really prefer to stay in the west part of town. Do you happen to have anything in that area?|How about Finches Bed and Breakfast at 144 Thornton Road?
Great. I need it for 7 for 5 nights.|Before I can book it I need to know what day you will be staying?
I will be starting  from Tuesday.|All set. Your reference number is ATMXXNQI.
I also need a train for Tuesday that leaves London Liverpool Street and arrives in Cambridge by 16:15.|I have train TR2715 that leaves at 7:39 and arrives at 9:07.
Do you have a train less early? One that arrives around 16:15?|TR1395 arrives at 15:07.
Thank you for your help.|Would you like us to book a ticket for you?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!|Would you like me to book anything else or provide anymore info?
No that is all, thank you!|Alright, have a lovely day!
great day and thanks for helping|Thanks! You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm planning a trip and I need a train departing from broxbourne on thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 09:45.|The first available train from Broxbourne leaves at 10: 32. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I just need the train ID, travel time, and price, please.|The train ID is TR5979. Travel time is 60 minutes and price is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Anything else?
Will there be available seats?|How many tickets do you need and I can check for you.
No thank you. I will worry about that later. I also need a lebanese restaurant in the centre.|Okay, Ali Baba matches your preferences. Would you like a reservation?
Can you make me a reservation for Thursday for 7 people at 19:00?|Okay, your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is OXUW2L23.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.|Perfect, glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I need a train into Cambridge on Thursday.|where would you be departing from?
I need to leave from Kings Lynn and arrive no later than 08:45 please.|There are five trains available, but the earliest train leaves at 09:11. I'm sorry.
Are you sure there's nothing earlier?|Certain, the earliest one leaves at 09:11
Hmm. Well, let's talk attractions for a moment. What kind of sports venues exist in the centre of town?|I am sorry there are no sports venues in the centre of town,can I search another area?
how about one that is in the type of concerthall|The Man on The Moon concerthall, 2 norfolk street, cb12fl. Their phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for you help.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
i need a train out of cambridge|Okay! Where would you like to go?
I want to go to Stevenage.|These trains run every two hours, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to depart?
I want to arrive at stevenage by 20:45.|The TR2515 meets your criteria. Would you like to book some tickets?
Does that train travel on Friday? And can I get the total travel time?|TR8118 is your best bet. It will arrive in Stevenage at 20:10, and the travel time from Cambridge is 49 minutes.
Great. I actually don't need tickets yet. Could you tell me about a restaurant called the slug and lettuce?|sure it is a gastropub in the centre of town and is quite expensive
Ok.  Can you also tell me the postcode and address?|34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. Anything else?
No, I think that's about everything I need right now.  Thank you!|Glad to help, have a blessed day.
Thanks. You too. Good bye|Enjoy your stay !
Hi. I need a train out of cambridge.|There are several trains out of Cambridge but i need to know your destination and preferred day and time of departure.
My destination is birmingham new street and I need to leave after 9:00.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Thursday.|I have a train leaving at 9:01 on thursday. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZYKE5A4L. Do you need anything else?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|All right, and how can I help with that?
I'd like to come by those high speed trains from Leicester|What day will you be traveling?
My travel day is Saturday. I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 20:30.|The TR8070 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
No, not right now. What is the travel time, please?|starts from 05:09
Ok book for 1 please|The cost of your ticket will be 30.24 pounds
I also need a hotel in the west and should be in the moderate price range.|How many stars would you like?
The hotel should have a star of 3|hobsons house meets your requirements. Would you like to book?
Yes, for 2 people for 3 nights.|When would you like to arrive?
On Saturday please|Booking was successful.Reference number is : UAKXT244.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Awesome, thanks so much for your help! That is all I needed, have a good day.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a nice day!
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I am not.|I have the kymmoy located at 52 mill road city centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Sunday.|I have your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 20:00, your reference number is HJ2OIWKI.  Can I help with anything else?
train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to cambridge|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know where you're leaving from and what day and time you'd like to leave.
I'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 13:45.|I booked you for 1 ticket your reference number is FCGNZKOW. It will arrive by 12:23
Thank you for booking it.|Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need 5 tickets - all of us eating at the restaurant will be coming in on that train.|OKay, I will work on booking this. In the mean time do you know what kid of food you want?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made your reservation for the restaurant. Let me work on that train for you.|The booking of the restaurant is ready, and the reference number is : HJ2OIWKI.
Thank you! I appreciate all of your help today. Have a good afternoon.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross|When would you like to depart London Kings Cross?
Yes departing from there heading to Cambridge on Saturday.|What time would you like to depart or arrive?
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 14:00.|I have train TR7309 departing London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:08.
Please book that for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7UGGORNQ.
Thank you, good bye.|Great! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a pleasant guesthouse to stay in. Would you be able to help me find one?|Sure! What area would you like to stay?
I would like to stay in the north. I would also like the guesthouse to have free parking and wifi.|How about the acorn guesthouse?
It has free parking and wifi?  Sounds great.|How many nights would you like to book it for?
Just get me their phone number.|The phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks. I could also use some help finding out about a train going into Cambridge.|I will need departure city, time of arrival or departure and day of travel please.
Day of travel is Tuesday and departure city is Ely and to arrive by 12:45|I have train TR3412 that arrives at 11:52 in Cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you give me the departure time and price, please?|It departs at 11:35, and costs 4.40 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That was all I needed.  Thanks!|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Thank you! Goodbye.
Yes, I am looking for information on train schedules for my upcoming trip.|What is your travel destination so I can narrow it down to a useful schedule?
I'm trying to go to cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?  Also, what day will you be traveling?
I'll be departing from the stansted airport on monday.|And what time were you looking to depart?
Doesn't matter, as long as I arrived by 12:45.|I've found TR5754 leaving stansted airport at 11:24 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52.  The price is 10.10 pounds, can I book this for you?
No. I do need to find a swimming pool in the west.|how about parkside pools? they're pretty fun.
Is parkside pools on the west side?|No, it's located in the centre.
That won't work then. I need one in the west.|There are no pools in the west, can I run another search for you?
How about a museum?|There are a few available. I highly suggest Cambridge Artworks located on 5 Greens Road. Do you need any information?
Thanks for the information, that is all.|Can I look up any attractions, taxi or anything else for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using our services.  Have a good day.
I need a train leaving from broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Tuesday from Broxbourne to Cambridge after 19:15.|I would recommend TR6788 which leaves Broxbourne at 19:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:32.
Can you book it for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : X1XG5K91.
Can you also recommend a three star hotel that has free wifi?|There are two. The Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield. Both also have free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.|Your booking at The Gonville coming in on Tuesday for 4 days 3 nights is confirmed for a party of 2.  Your reference number is : 5GCUETMP. Anything else today?
No. That's it. Thank you for your help.|I am happy to help! Goodbye, I hope your trip is lovely!
I would like to know what parks are in the west part of Cambridge.|Sorry, there are no parks in the west part of cambridge.
What about colleges?|There are 5 colleges in the west.  Clare and Queens' both charge entrance fees. Churchill, Clare, and Magdalene are free.
How much do Clare and Queens' charge? Can I have their phone number and postcode?|Clare College is 2.50 pounds, phone number 01223333200, postcode cb21tl. Queens' college cost the same, phone 01223335511, postcode cb39et. Which do you prefer?
Great thank you I also am looking for a train departing cambridge on saturday|There are many trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Birmingham New Street and need to arrive by 16:45.|TR4975 matches your criteria and departs at 05:01. Is that acceptable?
Yes. Please book that for 1 person and give me the reference number.|I have booked 1 ticket for TR4975. The reference number is K88O0GEZ. It leaves Cambridge at 05:01.
Okay great. That is all I needed.|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your travel.
Thanks very much for all of the help. Have a great day!|You as well, come back any time you need future assistance.
I need to take a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport I need to arrive by 14:45|What day do you want to travel?
I need to go on Thursday, please.|TR0521 will depart at 13:40 and arrive at 14:08. The 28 minute trip will cost 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please and provide me with the reference number as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is TDPEQ21Q. Do you need anything else?
I need place to stay with free wifi.|What area are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter.  I like 4 star guesthouses though.|I have quite a few that fit your description. What price range are you looking for?
I'd prefer something in the moderate price range.|I recommend the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse in the north. It meets your specifications. Would you like help in booking it?
That sounds good. Can I get that for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  YCL4D5P6.
Thank you! That is all that I need!|If that is all, then thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|We are happy to help you with some information for our city. What specifically can I assist you with today?
I need a place to stay in the west|I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me if there is an area of town you prefer?
In the west. A cheap hotel with free parking.|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel with free wifi and parking. The phone is 01954714600. Can I help with a booking?
Just the postal code please?|The postal code for that hotel is cb236bw.
Thanks!  I also need help finding a train.|Where are you traveling to and from and on what day and at what time?
I'm leaving from Norwich. I'll need to arrive at Cambridge on Monday by 08:15.|I found the TR9020 leaving at 05:16. How many tickets would you like to book?
grab me 8 tickets please and I need the conf # too|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DK26RL4O. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, thats all I need today|you are most welcome
have a good day.|Please feel free to reach out to us if you have additional requests. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in the Centre.|Do you like boats? There is the cambridge punter on 251a chesterton road.
I want to go to a mutliple sports attraction.|Unfortunately, I don't have a multiple sport attraction in the centre. Can I try a different area or type of attraction for you?
How about a museum instead?|byard art would be nice
Sounds good to me! Can you give me their phone and address? Oh, and how much does it cost to get in?|Sure, the address is 14 King's Parade and their phone is 01223464646. Admittance is free.
I am also looking for a train that arrives by 11:45 on Thursday from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.|The TR0798 leaves at 9:29 and gets you to Cambridge by 10:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket on it?
That would work. I need 8 tickets for that train please.|You are booked on Thursday on TR0798, reference number is 06UZDAZR and the total cost is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I will need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!  Have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am traveling to the centre area of cambridge and am looking for something to do.  Can you recommend places to go.|There is the Vue Cinema on the grafton centre, east road.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Sure the phone is 08712240240 and post code cb11ps.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a train?|There are many trains running, let's narrow down the search a little bit shall we? What time, day and where are you going may help
I would like to leave on Sunday after 12:30, on the train departing from Cambridge and arrive in Kings Lynn.|The first train available is at 13:11, and there are others running every hour thereafter.  Would you like me to book for you?
I don't need to book, but can you tell me the train ID, arrival time, and total travel time?|Sure, TR8241 arrives at Kings Lynn by 13:58, with a short 47 minute commute.  The cost for a ticket is 7.84 pounds.  Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need!|Alright, I'm glad I was helpful to you today. Have a great day.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that is expensive  and also in the centre of town.|Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre meets your criteria.  Would you like a booking made for you?
Does Bedouin serve German food?|No, it serves African style food. Would you like to find a restaurant that serves German?
Yes, if there is one available.|I don't have any expensive german restaurants in the centre.
Are there any Japanese restaurants in the same area and price range?|Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range.
Great! I'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at 17:15 on Tuesday. And I'd like a reference number, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZMGYWSSO. Is there anything else that I could help you with?
I'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 19:15 and departs from Norwich (going to Cambridge, of course).|There are 13 trains the latest is an arrival at 18:35 would that work for you?
I'm sorry I mean to say 9:15. I need to arrive by 9:15.|TR0339 leaves Norwich at 07:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:35. Would you like me to reserve your tickets, and if so, how many will be traveling?
Yes, please reserve six tickets for us.|I have booked your tickets. The reservation number is 8IIV469O. The fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all, thank you.|It's my pleasure! Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye!
I am looking for something to do in the centre of town.|Do you have a particular preference on what you want to see?
No I don't have a preference for exactly what it is.|All Saints Church is a nice place to visit, and it's free to get in.
Okay, that's great to know. Thank you. Now I will also need help finding a train please.|I can help you with that. Please let me know what day and time you want to leave and where you'll be leaving from.
I will leaving on tuesday and need to leave after 8:30.|Can I get your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge. I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street.|Train 2761 leaves birmingham new street tuesday at 08:40.  How does that sound?
Thats good good can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure, I can do that. How many tickets do you need?
How much will it cost per person?|It is 75.10 pounds per person. Would you like me to reserve any seats?
No, that would be fine, thanks.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that will it. Thanks!|Enjoy your stay and have fun.
Hi I need to know which train will take me to Cambridge on Monday, can you help me?|There are 202 potential matches for your criteria. Where would you be coming from that day?
I will be departing Kings Lynn after 12:00|Yes I have a 13:11 that arrives in Cambridge from Kings Lynn by 13:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price please?|TR0415 leaves at 17:58. can i help you book?
I will need the price, travel time, and train id first please.  Also looking for a park to go in town.|Train TR4329 has a travel time of 47 minutes with a cost of 9.80 pounds.  I'd be happy to book that for you.
That's okay, can you tell me about parks in town?|We have 5 parks throughout the city, 2 in the south, 1 in the north, east, and centre. Would you like more information on any of these?
Which one is in the east?|In the East we Cherry Hinton Water Play park, it is free to enter. Would you like the phone number or address?
If i could just get the phone number that would be great.|Sure! It's 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you!|No problem. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I meed a moderately priced place to stay.|I have found a list of hotels with a moderate price range, what area, type, star of the hotel would you like?
I would like to stay in the east. It should have a 4 stars and I would also like free wifi please.|There are 3 guesthouses that meet those requirements I recommend warkworth house. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! 5 of us will be staying for 3 nights, and we're arriving on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FGTT1OBZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train.|I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like to travel and where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Bishops Stortford the same day I arrive at the hotel. I need to arrive close to 19:30.|I have a train that arrives in cambridge by 18:07. It would be helpful to know your destination so I can serve you better.
The train should leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge and arrive by 19:30.|thank you i think you should prepare before departure thank you
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves European food.|I show 5 listings. Would you like a certain area of town?
No specific area, but I would like it for Friday.|Okay, I recommend City Stop Restaurant. What time would you like the reservation for and for how many people?
I'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.|You have a table reserved for 7 on Friday at 11:15.  Your reference number is V2IWL8VW.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train for Friday that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:15.|And where will you be coming from?
I'll be coming from Peterborough. All 7 of us will need tickets for the train.|TR0035 arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, please include the reference number.|Yes of course, the reference number for the train is MU82CCWU.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I was hoping to book lodging in the Cambridge Belfry.|What a great choice! They are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. To get your booking done, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
Yes, beginning on Monday, for 5 people and four nights. Thanks!|Alright! I have your stay booked. The reference number is: SR4S164V. Anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a train going to Stevenage the train needs to arrive by 13:30|What day are you going? How many tickets would you like?
Friday, going to cambridge. 5 tickets, please.|train TR3043 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would do. Can you also tell me the travel time?|Travel time is 49 minutes.  You have a booking for 5 on TR3043. Total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station. Ref# 9PACW4O.  Anything else you need?
No. That's all I need for now. Thanks.|Thank you! Have a great day and good bye!
I need some helping finding a train that leaves after 15:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should go to cambridge|What day were you planning to travel?
Wednesday please.  I'll need the train ID.|Here you go TR5567.
How long does the train trip take?|The train will arrive by 18:23 and take approximately 163 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please and I'm also looking for a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the centre part of town. I'd like to book a table for 5 @20:30 on the same day|It sounds like you want Nandos City Centre.  Should I go ahead and book a table?
Yes please, on Wednesday at 20:30 for 5 people.|I was able to book a table for you. The reference number is 9H6N0M1C. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Great that was all I needed today, thanks!|I wasn't able to finish the train booking yet. How many tickets do you need?
I don't need you to book it. I just need the travel time, train ID and arrival time.|Train TR5567 is 163 approximately and arrives at 18:23
May I get the reference number?|The reference number of your trip is 4SUWDUY9. Thank you
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|There are lots of fun places to go in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you're looking for?
I don't care about the attraction.|I recommend all saints church on Jesus Lane.  It's free.
Ok, can I have the phone number and postcode, please?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223452587, and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to find a train going from cambridge to peterborough please.|What day and time would you like to depart? The train ride lasts 50 minutes and a ticket cost 16.50 pounds for your information.
Great, I want to go on Sunday and I need 8 tickets please.|There is a train leaving at 5:06 and arriving at 05:56 for 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people and give me the reference number|All right, you have eight tickets booked for a total of 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is P33M2HJN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is enough. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Use the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need guidance around towne!
I need to find a train for Saturday.|I have many trains that depart saturday. Where will you be departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Ely and traveling to Cambridge.|Okay, and what time do you want to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 11:45.|There are 3 trains here. Do you want me to book any tickets?
Yes please. I need it to be booked for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : ZVERHBT3.
Thank you, that is all I need.|You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.|Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by 13:00.|Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference.|The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at 12:01. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time?|Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?
I'm looking for a train going to london liverpool street.|the train id is TR5154 and it leaves cambridge on friday
I am actually leaving on Saturday from cambridge.|The train id is TR2895 and it leaves cambridge on saturday .
Great, can you please book it for 2 people and give me the reference number? Thanks.|You are all booked for Saturday. The train departs at 05:59 and arrives at 07:27. The price is 13.28 pounds.
Hello, what can you tell me about de luca cucina and bar?|De Luca is a moderately-priced Modern European place at 83 Regent Street in the center of town. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, I need it booked for 7 people on Tuesday at 19:30.|You are all set! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5R3GSQVS. Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. And yes, I also need to find a train to Bishops Stortford, please. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are 10 trains to choose from. Do you have a preferred time to leave after or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by 16:00.|There are 5 trains matching your query. The latest arrives by 14:07. Do you want to book it?
Yes please book tickets on that train for 7 people and send me the reference number|Your booking was successful, your reference number is WT2VB50O.
Thank you thats all I need for now.|You're welcome and enjoy your trip.
I need to find a train from cambridge on wednesday.|The TR3702 takes you to london kings cross.  Do you need a ticket?
No. I would like to go to Norwich at 9:30.|Do you want to leave at 9:30 or arrive by then?
Arrive by 9:30 in Norwich.|What time could you like to depart at?
I have no preference for that. Can you make a booking for me on the train with the earliest departure time?|Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets did you need?
3 tickets please. And a reference number too|I made those reservations on train TR9179 and your reference number is JUAPVB1I.
Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today?
I also need information about funky fun house.|Sure thing let me get that for you.
Ok, thanks. Can you tell me the postcode and area it's in?|It's in the east and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else you need?
No. That will be all for today. Thanks so much! Goodbye|Funky fun house is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. May i assist you with something else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. I would like some type of architecture attraction.|There are five to choose from. Would you like a free attraction or one with an admission charge?
Will you recommend one? I don't care about the entrance fee.|I would recommend All Saints Church. They're at Jesus Lane. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please provide their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn. I'll be traveling on Wednesday after 18:30.|I have a train leaving at 19:11 and arriving at 19:58 wil that work for you?
Yes! I need 5 tickets. Can you please provide my reference number?|Your Reference number is 24ZYMC9U. Can I help you with anything else?
You have been very helpful, that is everything. Thank you.|Excellent. I hope you have a great rest of your day!
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|What type of cuisine would you like?
Modern European, please.|Sure, do you have an area or price range you are looking for?
I don't have a preference on price range, but would like it to be in the Centre.|I would recommend the De Luca Cucina and Bar, located at 83 Regent Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
I need a table for 7 people.|Sure I would be more than happy to help you with that when would you like to book the table for?
tuesday at 18:45|I have your table booked for 7 people on tuesday at 18:45, your reference number is L440UJKD.  Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|What time will you be leaving?
i need to arrive there by 17:30.|What day do you want to travel?
I'll be travelling on Wednesday.|TR2815 arrives at 17:27. Does that work or is it cutting things too close for you?
Yes. I need 7 tickets please.|I will book it for you now.
Can I please get the reference number?|Okay i have booked you and your reference number is UZBRLH3F.
Thank you for your help today.|Did you need anything else?
That was everything. Thank you!|Have a great time.
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.|I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.|I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.|The cheap one is the Cambridge belfry.
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IKC0PEFS.
Do you have any trains heading to Cambridge on Tuesday?|I have a lot of trains. Do you have a time of day ?
Yes I need to leave broxbourne after 13:15.|TR8199 will leave at 13:32 and arrive by 14:42. Do you require more information or would you like to book?
yes book please for 1|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JWI85JQG.is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. Can you also recommend places to go in the centre of town that involves multiple sports?|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports attraction is in the east. Can I look up some other attraction for you?
How about a museum in the centre of town?|I'd recommend primavera on 10 king s parade. Would you like more information on it?
I need the postcode.|The postcode is cb21sj.
Thanks for your help!|Sure thing!  Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks you were great! Have a good day.|I hope you have a wonderful day as well.  Goodbye!
I want a train leaving on thursday.|I show 404 rail departures on Thursday, can I get something specific for you?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne any time after 09:15.|TR6806 will leave at 10:01 and arrive at 11:01. The trip will take 60 minutes and it will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Book for 4 people.|Ok.  I booked four tickets for you.  Your reference number is FRSZ5A8R.  Can I help you with something else?
Im also looking for a place by the name of milton county park.|What information are you looking for?
I would like the phone number and postcode for it please.|The phone number is 01223420060 and the post code is cb46az.
Thank you! That's all I needed, thanks so much.|Sounds great, before i let you go, I just want to make sure we have covered everything that you need.
yes you did|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before 10:45 too? Thankyou for your time.|I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07.  Will that work?
Does it leave on Sunday?|No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.|I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN.
Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?|Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.
I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.|I'd recommend the acorn guest house. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
No that's ok. Can I just get the phone number and postcode?|01223353888 is the number, the post code is cb41da. Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all for today thanks !|Awesome. Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
Could you help me find some entertainment in the center of town?|There are no entertainment centers in the centre of town.  Would you like to try another area?
Yes, another area is fine.|What about the funky fun house?
Can you check for a type of architecture in the centre area please?|I have 4 architecture attractions.  They include all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and old schools.
Can you tell me the entrance fee of All saints church?|It is free.  Would you like the address and phone number for it?
No, that's fine, but I need a train from london liverpool street arriving by 9:00.|TR6939 arrives in cambridge by 07:07. Will that work for you or do you have another destination in mind.
I'm looking for architecture in the centre part of town. Can you help me with that?|I sure can.  I personally like Little Saint Mary's Church on Little Saint Mary's Lane.  Admission is free.
Oh, great!  Can you get me the phone number, postcode, and how much does it cost to get in?|The number is 01223366202, the postcode is 	cb21qy and the admission is free. Will there be anything else I can help you with?
Are there any trains going to Cambridge on Friday?|There sure are.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross after 20:45.|There is a 21:17 that will arrive by 22:08.  How does that sound?
That would work, can you give me the price, train ID, and travel time on that?|The train id is TR1581 for 23.60 pounds. Travel time is 51 minutes
Thank you that is all I need today.|I'm glad I was able to assist you today. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge and need it to arrive by 16:30.|Can you help me by specifying where you'll be traveling to, and on what day?
I need the train to get to Stevenage on Monday, please.|The earliest is the TR2515, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving in Stevenage at 06:10. Is that one you'd like to book a seat on or would you like something later?
I think that is all for the moment. Let me think , thanks.|Ok just let me know when you are ready.
I am looking for emmanuel college.|Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street and it is free of charge.
Can you tell me what area Emmanuel College is in?|Emmanuel College is in the Centre area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
postcode, phone number, and area|The area is the centre. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. May I help you with anything else today?
Nope that is all I can think of. Thank you so much for the help!|Well, if there is nothing else you need, then I hope you have a pleasant day. Goodbye!
I want a train leaving from  london liverpool street.|I can help with that. What is the destination?
My destination is Cambridge, and I'll be traveling on Saturday.|Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would leave after 14:45.|I have a train that leaves at 15:39 and arrives and 17:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|Your all set and your reference number is 2ITJJMJC. May I help you with anything else today?
I am looking for a boat.|Where would you like it to be?
Can you check in the  north please. That would be ideal.|It looks like the Riverboat Georgina is in the north.  Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please.  Can I have the postcode?|The postcode for the riverboat georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I would to know about some places to go in Cambridge. I'd like to do something on a boat, if possible.|Ok, there are four options. Two are in the centre, one is in the east and one is in the north.
Let's try the one in the north.  What is the entrance fee?|I have a listing for riverboat georgina in the north is that okay?
Yes, can I get the postcode and entrance fee?|Yes, the postcode is cb43ax and the entrance fee is not known at this time.
Thank you I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to leicester.|I have several trains available.  What day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave and arrive?
I need the train to leave after 13:00 on Monday. Tell me if any fit this description. I need to know the arrival time and train ID as well.|Train TR6799 leaves Cambridge at 13:21 and arrives at Leicester at 15:06. Will that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect! Could I have the arrival time and train ID please?|The train id number is TR6799 and the arrival time is 15:06. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, looking forward to my time here.  Have a great day.|Yes, please enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Thanks for letting me help you today.  Bye.
Yeah, I need a train on Sunday.|I can certainly help with that. Where would you like to depart from?
Departing from Cambridge|Can you please tell me your destination?
The train should go to Bishops Stortford and leave after 14:45.|The first train after 14:45 TR3600 leaves at 15:29. Would you like to book the train?
Can you tell me the travel time first?|The first train leaves at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07, the duration is 38 minutes
That sounds great, that's all I wanted to know.|Can I help you find anything else, today?
That should be all. Thank you!|Have a good rest of your day!
Yes I am looking for a train that arrives by 20:00 that is going to ely|I have one that will arrive by 18:07. Do you have the day you would like to travel?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Tuesday, departing from Cambridge please.|Okay, how about TR7733, leaving at 17:50 and arriving by 18:07? Would that work for you?
Yes, that's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thank you.|Perfect! I hope you have a great time!
Can you also help me find a Chinese restaurant on the north side?|Golden wok is a chinese place in the north part of town, would that work for you?
Great, is it considered to be expensive it's my anniversary and I want it to be high quality food|Happy Anniversary!  Golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like me to find an expensive restaurant?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one.|In expensive restaurants, I have two options in the north. There is Hakka and there is The Hotspot. In my opinion, Hakka is a great chinese restaurant.
postcode, phone number, and area|They are in the north, postcode is cb41ep. Expensive and their phone number is 01223568988. That was for Hakka.
Can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 6 people at 14:30|Thank you for all your help.  We should have a nice anniversary.
What? Could you please make the reservation?|Which day would you like this reservation?
I'd like that reservation for Tuesday, as well.|I have that table reserved for you. The reference number is HFSFXR46. May I help you with anything further?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Bye!|It was a pleasure to assist you. I hope you have a Happy Anniversary!
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge|What day do you need the ticket for? Trains leave every hour.
I am travelling on Monday and need to leave after 16:30.|The TR0244 leaves at 17:21 and arrives by 18:10.  Would you like this one?
Yes please. What is the cost for this train?|My apologies. The train ID is TR0254 not TR0244. The cost is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for 6 people.|Yes that booking was successful and your reference number for the trip and tickets is PENZQ430. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using this system!
I'd like to know of some places to go in Cambridge.|There are several places to go in the Cambridge area. What type do you prefer?
I prefer the architecture type.|I have located five locations relating to architecture. Four of the five locations are a church and the other is a school. Which type of location do you prefer to visit?
How about the school? Can I have the postcode and address of it please?|The address is trinity lane and the postcode is cb21tt.
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford|What is your departure day and time?
I am looking to depart on Monday and arrive by 20:00. Hoping to not leave hours and hours before that though.|The closest arrival time to 20:00 is 18:07, is that suitable?
That's fine as long as you can book it for four people|Indeed I can book that for 4 people. Your booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2I1YOWD4
Great that's all that I need, thank you!|You are welcome. I am glad I could help and I hope you have a wonderful day!
Is there a train that leaves after 08:15 on wednesday?|What is your destination station?
I'm going from Leicester to Cambridge.|TR1672 departs at 09:09 and arrives by 10:54. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book it.|Will I be booking just one seat or do you require multiple seats on the train?
Just 1 seat. I'll need the price.|It costs 37.80 pounds. If that's acceptable to you, I'll go ahead and book it for you.
No, that won't be necessary. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|sure, do you know what you're looking for?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and in the North. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Yes, I'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.|Your hotel booking was successful. Your reference number for your 3 night stay for 7 people is QF2DZGMA.
I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.|I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.|Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q.
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?|I need to know what you're looking for first.
I am looking to find a guesthouse in the centre of town.|May I recommend Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the centre of town.
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the centre that are expensive?|No there are not.  Would you like me to book the Alexander bed and breakfast for you?
how about one that is in the type of hotel?|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels either.  Would you like to try another star rating or area?
Are there any guesthouses in another area close by?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different price range or star rating?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in Cambridge?|Based on the criteria, there are no 4 star guesthouses that are expensive anywhere in Cambridge.
I do not want to stay in a guesthouse. I want to stay in a hotel please.|I have found two 4 star hotels that are in the expensive price range. One is located in the west, and the other Centre. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry.  The guesthouse would be my preference. It should be 4 star rated and in the town center. What's available that meets those specifications?|I'm sorry, there are not guesthouses that meet your criteria.  There is 1 guesthouse that is 4 stars in the cheap price range in that area of town.
Is there a possibly a hotel instead then?|Okay. I have the University Arms that is in the center, rated 4 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking?|Yes of course they do, would you like a booking?
No, but can you give me the post code, please?|Yes, their postcode is cb21ad.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Nope, that's it, thanks for your help!|Please let us know if we can help you in the future. Goodbye.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge.|There are nine of them. What price range do you prefer?
I think something cheap.  If not, go up to moderate.|I suggest pizza hut city centre, it has a cheap price range. Would you like me to book it or would you like more information?
Yes, Please book the reservation.|I'd be happy to book a table for you. Please let me know the day, time, and the number of people in your party.
I would like the post code and phone number for the restaurant please, and I would like to book a train.|The post code is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223323737. Where would you like to book a train to?
I need to go to Stevenage on Sunday.|Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Do you have a time in mind?
Yes, after 8:30 would be best.|I have booked you a train ride on TR6488 which will depart at 09:21 and will arrive at 10:10. The total fee will be 10:24GBP. Would you like the reference number?
What is the total travel time?|The total travel time will be 49 minutes.
Great, thank you. That's all I needed.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you. Thanks for your help.|Good day to you.
Hello, I am looking for places to go in the west? Can you help me?|Are you interested in a specific type of attraction?
Whatever is popular, but I would like it to be in the west area.|how about people's portraits exhibition at girton college?
What kind of attraction is that specifically please?|it's considered a museum.
Thank you. I also need to check on a train, please.|Where would you be departing from?  Also, where would you like to arrive?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and go to Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be traveling and do you have an arrival and departure time in mind?
I want to travel on Tuesday from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford by 16:45.|I have 6 trains leaving starting at 05:29 to 15:29.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to depart by 6:00 please.|TR2478 leaves Cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in Bishop Stortford at 06:07. Will that work for you?
NO! I said 16:45. Arrive by 16:45. Try again.|Could you please clarify the time that you could like to leave?
Departure time is not important as long as I get their by 16:45|TR8017 will arrive in bishops stortford by 16:07, does this suit your needs?
That's perfect, actually. I am going to need 7 tickets. Can you help with that as well?|Yes, I can. Should I make a booking for you?
Please book tickets for 7 people, please.|Okay I was able to book that and your reference number is IV9FL61A.
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. Have a great day.|You too and thank you.
Could I book a train ticket, please?|Sure, I can help you with that. I will need to know what day and time and also where you will be traveling to by train.
The train should go to stevenage and should leave on friday.
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 21:00|It seems there are 2 trains that fit your request. The TR8420 and the TR8575.
Great, I'll take the first one and please book it for 4 people please.|Sure thing! Your reference number for this booking is 9KVSMF6P. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I need to know about some places to go in town, too.|I would be happy to help with your request. What type of attraction are you looking for? There are theatres, cinemas, swimming pools, and nightclubs just to name a few.
How about multiple sports in the south part of time?|There are no multiple sports locations in the south part of town.
How about one that is in the type of Cinema|Cineworld Cinema is in the south part of town.
Where specifically? Can you give me the postcode?|The address for Cineworld Cinema is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. It also has the postcode of cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to go see a movie, but want to compare prices. how much is the Cineworld entrance fee?|The entrance fee is unknown as it depends on each movie.
Okay that is all I need today, thank you.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Hello I need a train leaving after 13:00 that is departing from London Liverpool Street please.|There are trains leaving every 2 hours at 39 minutes past the hour from 13:39 until 23:39.  All cost 16.60 pounds and take 88 minutes.  Which do you prefer?
As long as they all go to Cambridge that is perfect.  Looks like I can get a trip on any of the trains.|Train TR5015 leaves at 13:39 on Friday. Will that work?
No, I need to leave on Wednesday. What's available for that day?|Same time on Wednesday. Does that work?
What time will I arrive in Cambridge on that train?|TR2826 will arrive in Cambridge at 15:07. Would you like to book?
No, I need help finding a cinema located in the east|I have one located in the south and one located in the centre. do you have a location preference?
Either is fine. I just need a phone number so I can call one of them. Thanks.|vue cinema is in the centre & the phone number is 08712240240
I'm sorry, but if their is no cinema in the east, can you find me a swimming pool instead?|I located the information for Parkside pools located at gonville place telephone# 01223446100.  Is there anything else you would like for me to look up.
No. You've been very helpful today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day!
I'm looking for a british restaurant in the east.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is a British restaurant on the east side of town and it is in the expensive price range. Would you be interested in booking a reservation there?
Yes, please book a table for 2 at 19:00.|Ok.  What day and time would you like me to book a table for 2 at the grafton hotel restaurant?
That should have been for 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday. Sorry bout that.|Okay. 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday at the gafton hotel restaurant. I will book a table for you.
Please do that.|Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. The reference number is X4Q5EFX1. Do you need anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge. Leaving after 13:00.|Yes where will you be leaving from?
I am actually leaving from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.|Okay there are quite a few. When would you like to arrive by?
Anytime is fine, can I have a reference number?|I have booked you for TR5094, it leaves at 14:01, arrives at 15:01 and the cost is 17.90 pounds, the reference number is VMDV3HHZ
Great! I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|Thank you have a great day.
Thank you, you as well.|It's been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a place to eat in the cheap price range.|I see there are 110 restaurants in the cheap price range for you. Is there a certain type of food you are wanting?
Let's see what's near the east area, first.|The Missing Sock is a fantastic international restaurant located in East in your price range.  Would you like further information?
Can you book me a table for five people on Monday at six fourty five?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I please have the reference number?|Your reference number is S31VX69C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I am looking to visit Ely on Monday and needing to book a train seat to get there.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?|There are many options for places to stay any preferences such as area or rating?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 2.|Unfortunately we don't have anything that matches all of those requirements. Which are your top priorities?
Can you check instead for 3 stars?|I have three places. What area do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference for the area. Can you recommend 1 of the 3? I need to book a room.|I would recommend the hamilton house in the north. When would you like to book a room for?
That sounds great. Lets see if you can book it for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|I was able to book you for Hamilton Lodge for 2 people and 2 nights.  Your Reference number is : 2SR5W0RP.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Thursday. I will be departing from Cambridge and traveling to Norwich.|We have many trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in Norwich on Thursday. Do you need a specific departure or arrival time?
I am looking to arrive no later than 12:45.  I have no preference for departure time.  Thank you.|I'd recommend TR7779, it departs at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'll actually need 2 tickets please.|Booked! Total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station.
Reference number: 620VR2VS.
Thanks for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything, thanks again.|enjoy your time with us!
Hi, I need to find out if there's a train going to leicester that leaves on Monday.|There are many. From where are you departing?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
I want to leave after 09:45.|I have 14 trains available.  What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 9:45.|The TR6715 leaves at 10:21 and you'll arrive by 12:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the travel time please.|The travel time is 105 minutes. Will that be all?
I also need an expensive  hotel with free parking.|Great I have 5 different options for you!
I specifically am looking for a guesthouse in the east if that helps narrow things down.|Unfortunately, once I add those specifications I don't have anything that fits. Did you want to try a different price range or area?
Please look for something moderately priced, then.|There are 2 choices. The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is the first. The other is the Warkworth House. Which would you prefer?
Let's go with the Warkworth. Please make me a booking for Friday for 5 people, 3 nights.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is VSHQKDBQ.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You're welcome, please let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm are looking for a train. The train should leave on friday and should go to norwich|There are many trains available.  Where will you be departing from?
I will  be leaving from Cambridge.|At what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 11:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : XABOWRR6.
Ok, thank you. Can you also give me the travel time?|You are looking at a 79 minute journey, any further questions today?
What is the train ID for the one you booked?|The train ID is TR8056. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.|Okay, you're welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip!
I need a train on Sunday, arriving by 16:30, please.|What are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be departing from Leicester and arriving in Cambridge.|TR1492 arrives in Cambridge closest to your requested time, scheduled to arrive by 15:54, it departs leicester at 14:09.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. I would like a booking for 3 people please.|I have successfully booked this train for you. You will be responsible for a 90.72 GBP fee payable at the station. Your reference number is GJ9R5F0E.
Ok, I also need a hotel in the moderate price range that's a guesthouse. Nothing else matters, just pick one.|I have many to choose from in that price range. Is there a preference for a part of town? And how many people and for how long will they be staying?
Actually, do any of them offer free WiFi?|Yes almost all of them accommodate free WiFi.  Is there any other preferences you would be interested in such as location, star rating and parking availability?
I do not have preferences for location, star rating, or parking availability. I need the booking for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday.|I have confirmed your reservation at archway house starting Sunday for 5 nights. Your reference number is 5ZNJHYLP. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all thanks .|Great, thanks for using our services, have a great day.
Bye and have a great day.|have a great day!
I'd like some information on the Hamilton Lodge hotel, please.|It is located in the north. It is a guesthouse and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Address is 156 chesterton road. Postcode is cb41da. Reference number is: RU5ZSYZS. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train to cambridge|We have several trains going to Cambridge.  Where will you be departing from and what date do you need the train?
I need to depart from kings lynn on the same day as the hotel booking.|Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to depart from kings lynn on Wednesday and arrive by 9:15.|How about the TR4638 train? It arrives at 08:58.
Can you tell me when that departs and the total travel time? Also, how much is it?|TR4638 leaves at 8:11 and arrives at 8:58 that's a travel time of 47 minutes.  The cost is 9.80 pounds.  Would you like me to make reservations?
I actually won't need a reservation, just the information you provided is enough. Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.|Enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for all your help.|Enjoy your stay at Cambridge.
Hi! I need to find a train to Ely. Can you find me one that doesn't leave until at least 17:30?|Yes, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave Cambridge on Tuesday.|We have 4 trains that fit that. Any specifics on arrival or departure times?
No. Please book one of for 6 people and let me know the reference number please.|I have booked you on TR7733,leave at 17:50,arrive 18:07,The reference number is : KN3TLBK8.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town. Are there any architecture sights in the city centre?|Yes, I can recommend up to five different architecture attractions in the Centre area.  How about All Saints Church?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me their address, phone number and postcode?|Of course - the address is Jesus Lane cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587
Can you give me another idea -- just to have a choice?|Sure there are several churches in the area.  Holy Trinity church is interesting.  Also, if you are not interested in churches, old schools on Trinity Lane is nice.
I am interested in the old schools on Trinity Lane, can you give me the information of one?|Sure, Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane, their postcode is cb21tt and their phone number is 01223332320. Their entrance fee is free. Can I help you with any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. You've been quite helpful.|Okay great, have a good day!
I am looking for sidney sussex college.|Sidney sussex college is located in the centre of town their phone number is 01223338800, postcode is cb23hu, and address is sidney street
Thank you. What type of attraction is this?|This is a college type attraction with no entrance fee.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need to book a train on sunday departing from bishops stortford|OK - what time of day are you traveling?
Sunday. It should go to cambridge and leave after 14:15|There are five trains leaving after 14:15 The first one is TR4651, leaving at 15:29. Would you like to book this train?
Yeah that would be great can you please tell me what time it arrives?|TR4651 from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. It is 8.08 pounds, would you like me to book that for you now?
No, no need to book it for me, thank you. That's all I needed today.|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking to go to Cambridge and need an indian restaurant in the east.|I have several. I have two options that are moderately priced and two that are expensive. Did you have a preference on price range?
Price doesn't matter. What is your favorite?|I like Curry Prince, its on 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 12:45 on saturday.|It was all booked, reference number is 44HT5TVB.
Great, thanks! Can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on the same day from Bishops Stortford.|There are a few trains that day depending on when you'd like to depart. How's 9:29 and arriving at 10:07?
Does that train head to cambridge?|Yes, it is 38 minutes of travel and costs 8.08 pounds; would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Book it for Saturday for 5 people as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JFGE7RPD. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that is all you done a great job thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and you have a great day.
What are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?|There  are 15 options to choose from.  Is there a particular style of food you would like?
I don't have a style preference.|Well how about Asian oriental? I have several good but cheap options.
That sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on Tuesday at 15:15?|Certainly! I have made a reservation at dojo noodle bar for the time specified and number of people in your party.  Enjoy the restaurant!
I am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the east part of town.|I have 6 places that would fit your needs. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
A cheap one with wifi, please.|I think allenbell would fit your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes a booking for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.|Unfortunately there isn't any availability during that time. Would you like to book another day or shorten your stay?
No, I would need it to be for 3 days and 8 people, what hotel could accomidate me?|I am sorry there are no hotels available.  Would you like another type of lodging?
Actually, could you shorten that to one night?|There is one hotel available, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, however it is only 2 stars and in the expensive range.
Please, book the Holiday Inn Cambridge, and I need the reference number. Also, I am looking to book a train the same day from Birmingham new street  to Cambridge leaving after 18:30.|I apologize, the hotel booking was unsuccesful. Would you like to try another day?
Can you try the hotel with a 1 night stay on the same day?|You are in luck for 1 night at Allenbell.  The reference number is PYGL9EVW.  You would like a train?
Yes, I need a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.|On Friday there are a train leaving at 5:40 and the cost is 75.10 pounds. The trains depart every hour, so you can chose your time. The last train depart at 9:40.
I want it to leave after 18:30.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, but I would like to know the arrival time for the train fitting my criteria.|TR8903 leaves Birmingham New Street at 18:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:23. It's a rather long trip.
Thank you for your assistance.|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you so much! Have a good day.|Great, we hope you have a great stay.
I am looking for a hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge.|The hotel is located in the eastern part of the city.  It is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
First, can you tell me if the hotel has internet available?|Yes they have internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary right now.  But, can you find a train that leaves after 19:30 and goes to Cambridge?|Sure! Just let me know what day you're traveling as well as your departure station.
I will be traveling on tuesday.|Great I also need to know where you will be leaving from.
LEAVING ELY GOING TO CAMBRIDGE ON SATURDAY. I NEED ARRIVAL TIME, TRAVEL TIME AND TRAIN ID PLEASE|TR4288 arrives at 19:52. The travel time is 17 minutes.
thank you. thanks for all your help. goodbye.|i am glad i have been of help. good day
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are 21 options for moderately priced food in the centre. What type of food are you looking for?
I'm hoping to have some european food.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your specifications: Hotel Du Vin and Bistro, Galleria, De Luca Cucina and Bar, and Riverside Brasserie. Do any of these meet your liking?
The first one sounds nice. I'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at 13:30 on Thursday.|Great. I'll make the reservation for you at the hotel du vin and bistro. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is 2AIO16E6, is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for a train that goes to Stevenage.|What other information can you give me about this train ride?
I'd like to leave on Friday and get there by 15:30|There are 5 trains leaving Cambridge with that arrival time. What time would you like to leave?
The latest departure time would work best. thank you.|Ok great, can you please confirm your departure location?
I'll be departing from Cambridge. What will the ticket cost me?|Your train trip would cost you 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks. That won't be necessary. Have a great day. Thanks. Bye.|You're welcome. You have a great day as well. Bye!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on saturday and arrives by 19:00.|We have many trains that meet your request, do you have a departure or destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge.  I'll be leaving Norwich.|There is a train on saturday that leaves at 8:16am. Shall I book it?
What time does that train arrive in Cambridge?  That seems terribly early.  I just need to be there by 19:00.|The train arrives in Cambridge at 9:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. I'm looking for a place to stay too.|I can definitely help with that. First of all, may I ask where you will be leaving from and heading to?
The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge.|TR5693 meets all your criteria and arrives by 10:35. Will that work for you?
That sounds good.  What's the travel duration on that one?|It is 79 minutes.
Okay. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like it to be 4 stars and I don't need it to have free parking.|There are a lot of options to choose from. Do you know what part of town you'd like? In the north I can recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
I'd like it to be moderate, any will do. And I'd like to book it for 5 people and 4 nights, starting on the same day.|I have the avalon guesthouse in the north area. Would you like that one booked?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights. Can I please get the reference number too?|Starting what day?
It will be on Saturday as well.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8XPJYIR0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now.  Thank you.|No problem at all, have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves expensive european food.|There are five restaurants that meet your criteria. 3 are in the center of town, 1 is in the north, and 1 is in the west. Do you have a preference?
Any of those should be fine. Can you see if you can get me a table for 2 at 14:45 on Saturday?|Booking was unsuccessful for all restaurants. Would you like to try for another day or time slot?
I would like for you to find me one on Saturday after 12:00. Can you please book me for one with that time in mind?|This time slot was also not available.  Was there another day or time I could try to book for your restaurant visit?
Are there any times which are available on Saturday?|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing some system errors. Can you please restate your preferred time for your reservation?
I would like a reservation at an expensive european restaurant anywhere in town at 13:45 on Saturday. Can I please have a reference number?|Thank you for restating your requirements clearly. Your table is reserved, and your reference number is DMIEPETY. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Leicester to Cambridge leaving on Saturday and arriving by 10:00. I need the train ID, travel time, and departure time for that train.|Train TR2969 leave Leicester at 08:09 and arrives at 09:54, travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 30.24 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and thank you|Of course! How many tickets would you like?
I only need one ticket for myself.|Sure. Reference number is VM04EL37 and the fee is  30.24 GBP
Thank you so much. That is all I needed.|Thank you. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant.|There is a moderately priced one in the City Centre, a noodle bar.
Are there any in the north side of town?|I have three can I get you price range?
any price range is fine with me. please book for mea table for 8 peopleat 13:45 on friday. please get me  the reference number|Okay, I've booked a table for you and your guests at Haaka on Milton Road in Chesterton. Your reference number is U47769KH.
Thank you! I also need a train going to Broxbourne.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where were you wanting to depart from?
i'm leaving from cambridge|a train leaves every hour from cambridge to broxbourne.  Is there a particular day and time you need?
I need to leave on Saturday.|What time do you need to arrive at your destination or depart?
I need to arrive at Broxbourne by 16:45|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need to find a train that arrives at 12:30 on Wednesday.|Certainly. Could you tell me where you're departing from and traveling to?
I am departing from Birmingham new street and going to Cambridge.|I have seven trains available then, could you tell me what time you would like to leave ?
Yes I need to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30 please.|The TR3543 puts you into Cambridge at 12:23. Will that train work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book that train for 8 people? I will also need a reference number.|Certainly. I have you booked and your reference number is 47MBURBC.
Great! Thanks, that's all I need.|Thank you! Have a great day!
Thank you for all of your help!|Have a great day!
I am trying to plan my trip in Cambridge and need a place to dine.   I need something kind of moderate for price and on the west side.|We have three restaurants.  Do you prefer British, Indian or Italian cuisine?
How about thai?  Are there any thai restaurants in the west of the moderate price range?|I'm sorry, there aren't any moderately priced Thai restaurants in the West.
That is okay. An Indian restaurant would be great, which place do you recommend?|we still cant find any of that criteria. can we change location?
Yes try a different location.|I can't find any indian places in the moderately priced range. Can I try something else?
maybe you could check any price range.|kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant located in the centre.
May I have the phone number for that place?|The phone number is 012233236939.
What is the departure time?|7:00 , dop you need anything else ?
I'd like to find a place to go that's in the centre.|I can help you with that what type of Attraction would you like to go too?
Any type is fine, I'm not picky.|I recommend visiting All Saints Church. The architecture is amazing.
Excellent. What's the address there?|It is located on Jesus Lane, you can't miss it.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm going to need transportation to town. I'll need it on Wednesday from Stevenage.|I can help you with that, too. Are you looking for a train or a taxi?
I'm looking for train departing Stevenage and going to Cambridge to arrive by 17:30p.|Train TR9448 will have you in Cambridge by 6:43.  Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
What is the travel time and departure time for TR9448?|TR9448 departs at 05:54 and has a travel time of 49 minutes. Would you like to book this train?
Not right now.  Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you!|Thank you! Let us know if you need anything else.
I want to book a train. I would like to depart from cambridge and arrive by 16:45|What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 16:45. Going to Ely|What day will you be travelling?
I would like to go on Saturday.|How about TR8860?
Sure, I would like to book that train for 4 passengers.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : VX48ZGH0.
That's wonderful. I am all set. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, maybe a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|No problem!  I like acorn guest house in north.  Would that work?
Oh, I'm sorry. I was hoping for something located in the east. Do you have anything there?|I'd recommend a and b guest house. Would you like a room?
Does it include free parking?|No, it doesn't. The Carolina Bed and Breakfast does.
Great can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights on thursday?|I have booked your room successfully. Your reference number is TW0GAHV1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need train tickets.|Sure! What will be your departing and arriving locations?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Okay. There are 1,414 trains that fit that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by the destination, day of travel, departure or arrival time?
Yes, I'm going to kings lynn.|Alright, we have 133 trains, do you have a day you want to travel?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and need to arrive by 13:45 please.|TR2621 arrives by 12:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. What is the travel time?|Travel time from cambridge to kings lynn by train is 47 minutes. Would you like me to book seats?
No, thanks, that's all I need! Thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are very welcome! Have a great day.
Um yes you too, bye bye now!|good bye and have a good time.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|Do you need a train? Or would you like information on restaurants, attractions, or hotels?
I need a train for friday?|There are hundreds of trains I can book for you. Where are you going and what time do you need to be there?
I'm going from Cambridge to Broxbourne, departing after 20:45 on Friday.|The first train after that time is TR8966. It leaves at 21:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 22:01. Would that work or do you prefer a later train?
That is fine, can I also get the total travel time for that?|The travel time for that route is 60 minutes. Did you need any tickets?
no thanks, i'm also looking for an italian restaurant|Okay! What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care, should be in the cheap price range.|La Margherita is a great place located in the west. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation for now. But, can you please provide me with the address and postcode please?|Sure. It's located on 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the postcode there is cb30af. Would you like the phone number as well?
Yes. please thank you.|The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232. Can I assist you with something else?
That is all, thank for your help.|That's wonderful. Have a great day and let me know what I can do for you if you need me in the future.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:00 departing from ely.|We have 21 trains coming form ely to cambridge this week, what day will you need that?
I need the train on Thursday.|We have 3 trains from Ely to Cambridge on Thursday leaving at 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35.
I think the 19:35 will work.  Can I book that for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUHGVOLR. Will that be all for today?
We were looking to do something in the north, something with the boats. Any suggestions?|riverboat georgina is located in the north.
What's their address and postcode?|Their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax. Will that be all?
Yes.  Thanks, all set.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your trip!
Much appreciated. Goodbye.|Thank you so much!
Hi, I am looking for information about the train schedules.  I would appreciate the help.|Absolutely! What information about trains are you looking for?
I want to go to Cambridge from Peterborough on Saturday.|What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to arrive by 09:00, please.|TR5662 will get you to Cambridge at 08:09. Would you like a ticket on that train?
What time would the train be leaving?|It leaves at 7:19
I am also looking for a nightclub in town. Could you give me that phone number and area of one?|Which part of town?
Any section of town is fine with me.|I have six. Would you like more info on one?
Please pick one and give me the phone number and area.|Ballare is a nightclub in the Centre. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed.  Have a good day.|You're welcome!  You have a good day as well!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.|There are two places that match those requirements, one in the north and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Are you sure there aren't any in the south of town?|Sorry. There are no moderately-priced 0 star places in the south of town. Do you want to try some other criteria?
Could you try for the center part of town?|The cityroomz is a hotel in the centre part of town with a 0-rating in the moderate price range.  Can I reserve a room for you there?
Yes, I'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting Sunday, please.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 3UKMLIWO.
I am also looking for a train into cambridge the same day please|What day would you like the train?
Sunday as well, please.|Sure, where will you be departing from, and do you have a departure or arrival time?
Yes, I need to leave Leicester after 11:00.  Heading to Cambridge for the day.|I would recommend TR8285. It leaves Leicester at 11:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:54.
Okay. Can you purchase tickets for me. There will 6 of us.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is SCKIYN5Q. You depart from Leicester at 11:09, arriving in Cambridge at 12:54. Would that be all for you today?
Yes. Thank you for your help.|It was a pleasure, thank you so much.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Perfect! What would you like to know? Our history, our vision for the future, or perhaps just book a train or hotel room?
I will be needing a place to stay on the north side of town.|there are 13 places to stay in the north side of town. Do you have a price range?
no. give me recommendation.|acorn guest house is a great location.
Is it expensive with free wifi?|It is moderately priced.
Does it also include free wifi?|Yes, the wifi is included.
That sounds good, I would like to book that one.|When will you begin your stay?
book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Sure, which group of people and the same day as what?
Sorry. For 3 people, starting Monday.|I've successfully booked a room for your group, the reference number is 1IBWHB5J.
Thank you, that's all I need.|you are welcome
bye. have a good time.|If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a train that departs from Ely anytime after 20:15.|I have many. Which day would you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Where will you be going, Cambridge?
Yes I will be going to Cambridge.|TR0292 will leave at 21:35 would that work for you?
Yes I need the price.  Also, I am traveling in the east, can you recommend a good place to go?|4.40 pounds payable at the station. The funky fun house is a great place for entertainment. I can't quote the price on that though sorry.
Thats okay. Can i just have their address and postcode?|Yes, it is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the postal code is cb58hy
Can you tell me the entrance fee please?|Unfortunately the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you find anything else?
No thanks. I think that answered all my questions. Have a nice day. Bye.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
I need a morrocan food place. Are there any around here?|unfortunately, there isn't any moroccan restaurants in town, would you like something else?
Please look for something Asian Oriental instead.|I have several. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No it doesn't matter, what do you recommend?|I would be happy to recommend one. There are five possible choices. Their prices range from cheap to expensive. What is your price preference?
Cheap price range is what I neeed|Dojo noodle bar is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 6 people on Wednesday at 18:15, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K361YCMI. Will there be anything else today?
That's great, I need a train for the same day, arriving at 11:45 from london kings cross to cambridge.|TR3810 would fit your needs. Can I book it for you?
can i get the ticket price and the departure time please?|How many tickets would you like?  The train departs at 09:17.
I actually don't need a ticket. I just need the departure time and price.|Sure! The departure time is 9:17. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How much does that cost?|The cost is 23.60 pounds, shall I book it for you?
Not at this time but thank you.|Are you sure there isn't anything else you need today?
No thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a train leaving cambridge after 17:30.|Okay, is there somewhere specific you would like to travel to?
I want to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday.|How many tickets would you like?
I am not sure yet, could you tel me how long the train takes to get there?|The train ride lasts 28 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket now?
No, thank you.|Ok, is there another train I can check for you?
No that is all thank you.|Okay don't hesitate to call us if you need further assistance.
Thank you for your assistance bye!|You are very welcome, goodbye.
I need a train that leaves on Friday after 20:45.|There are oodles of available trains so let's narrow that down a smidge. What are you departure and destination locations?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street|I would suggest TR9557 which leaves Cambridge at 21:59 and arrives at your destination at 23:27.
Sounds great! Thank you very much! What is the price on that train?|The train is 16.60 pounds. Can I book that for you?
Sure. I also need a reservation at rosa's bed and breakfast.|I have you booked for 1 seat on the TR9557. What day are you wanting to book Rosa's bed and breakfast for?
What is their address and do they have free parking or free internet?|Rosa's has both free parking and free internet.
Could I get the address please?|Their address is 53 roseford road, cb22ha. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that's all I need.  Thank you very much.|Thank you for contacting us, if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
Really would like to find a place that serves Indian food in the North|I have the nirala whch is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Do you want to make a booking at one?
How about the cheap one?|Certainly, and on what day would you like to reserve a table at royal spice?
no i would like the postcode and address|Their address and postcode is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, cb41eh. Will that be all?
i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge|Ok, where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving Stevenage. I'd like to arrive by 19:45, if possible?|Ok, what day would you like to leave?
Would be traveling on Sunday.|There are 7 trains, starting at 05:54, and departing every two hours. The ride is 49 minutes long. Which train would you like? All get you there by 19:45.
I would like the first train.|Train TR1542 is the first train. Would you like me to book it?
That would be great. Ill need 6 tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 0U82YPD7.
Great, thank you! That's all that I need. Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train.  I need to leave from Cambridge on Tuesday and go to Leicester.|Do you have a time that you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive by 8:45.|TR2950 will arrive at 08:06, would that work for you?
Yes, can I get 6 tickets please and I'll need the reference number too|the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : XYAOCTIY. May i help you with anything else.
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the centre.|We have two choices, alexander bed and breakfast which is in the cheap prince range and university arms hotel whic is in this expensive price range.
I do need free wifi included, so whichever of those has wifi is the best!|Actually, they both do offer free wifi and free parking. Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms hotel is a hotel type. Do you have preference?
I'd prefer a hotel. Can you book that for 6 people and 3 nights?|Which day would you like to check in?
Starting saturday, either place is fine if available.|The booking did not go through, can you book another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, could you try for a stay of 1 night?|I was able to make a reservation for Saturday night at University Arms Hotel for 6 people. Your reference number is 7XXHIROP. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse that has a 3 star rating.|There are four three star guest houses. Is there an area of town that interests you the most?
I would like it to be in the west. It doesn't matter if it has free parking or not. Thank you!|There is the hobsons house. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Let's book it.|ok for how long and how many people please
For 3 days and 2 people,I need a confirmation number too|and what day do you need the reservation for?
I need it for Sunday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is EV4ADBI9.
I want a train that goes to peterborough and leaves after 13:00|The next train is the TR0545 leaving cambridge at 13:06. Would you like me to book it or more information?
Does it leave on Monday?|Train TR3154 leaves cambridge at 13:06 and will arrive at peterborough at	13:56 on Monday. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I am looking for a train departung after 8:30 from Ely.|I have found several trains that you can use. What is your destination?
The train should go to Cambridge on Tuesday|TR4669 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52.  How does that sound?
Sounds great.  Can you book 5 seats for me?|Yes, your booking was successful. Your reference number is RCJDH5J4
Thanks Can you help me find a hotel called the university aims no university arms hotel.|I have a hotel called university arms hotel located in the centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, for 2 nights for 5 people on the same day|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZQ6OOE4Y
Thanks for all your help.  That's all I need today.|It was my pleasure. Good day ma'am. Goodbye.
I need a trip going to Cambridge and arrive by 11:00|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Norwich|We have many trains that meet that criteria. Can you tell me what day you are looking to travel on?
Of course, I will be traveling on Tuesday.|There are five entries meeting your specifications! They leave every hour starting at 05:16 to 09:16. Which would you like?
Please pick one and book it for 8 people.|8 tickets are booked for TR4134 Norwich to Cambridge. Departing 9:16 arriving 10:35. Total fee is 140.8 GB payable at the station. Reference #X1F43YH3. Anything else?
I am also looking for any colleges in town. Can you name me any?|We have 18 colleges in town. Did you have an area or entrance fee in mind?
Nah, not really. Can you just give me the postcode for your favorite one?|Christ's College is widely praised. Their postcode is cb23bu. Can I help with anything else today?
thats all i need thanks|The pleasure was all mine, have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Please provide more specifics so I can help you.
Can I get some information on milton country park?|Yes, it's free admission and address is milton country park, milton and post code is cb46az.
Can you tell me what area Milton Country Park is in and what the entrance fee is?|It's in the north and has free entry. Will that be all?
I also need a train for Saturday, traveling from Cambridge to Norwich and I'd like to arrive by 12:15.  Can you help with that?|There are 6 trains matching your request that leave starting at 05:36 each hour until 10:36. Do you have a preference as to the train you want?
No. Just one that can fit 5 people.|Okay how about the TR9588. It leaves at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55.
Sounds great. Please book and provide me with a reference number.|Here is your refrence number XXSU6ZFV. The price is 70.40pounds
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 18:30?|Okay, I think I can help you. Where will be coming from?
I will be departing kings lynn.|The TR3677 arrives at 17:58. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 people on a Tuesday please. And I would like the reference number.|I'm going with TR5793 since you are travelling on Tuesday arriving at the same time. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4NLGW7WM.
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?|Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the East, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. Two nights from Tuesday for two people.|I got your room booked at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Your reference is FYLDIZUF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. And I need the reference number then too please|Ok I will book it for you
I need to book a train to leicester that leaves after 08:15.|I have a lot of options that leave after that time. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 10:00.|The earliest I can get you there is 11:06. That train leaves at 09:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, please book and send me a reference number.|I am sorry that train is booked. Is there another time you can depart?
So when is the next earliest you could get me there?|Shall we try the Train that leaves at 7:21? This train will get you into Leicester by 9:06.
Yes please and I will need the reference number.|That booking was successful.  You will depart from cambridge on TR3093 at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06.  Your reference number is UCSPFCVI.  anything else?
Yes can you find me a good college to visit in the west?|I am looking at 5 different options for colleges in the west, is there anything else you can tell me about what you are looking for?
If you can recommend 1 of the 5 and provide me with the address and phone number please.|I recommend queens' college, located at silver street. Their phone is 01223335511.
How much does it cost to get into Queens' College?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you also get me the address and phone number?|Queens' college is on silver street. Phone is: 01223335511
Great, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Let me just check my notes...No! I think I have everything I need. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you for calling!
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.|I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks|I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?|Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I really don't have a price range in mind.  I'm still not sure I want to stay in a guesthouse, hotels are so much better for me.|i recommend leverton house phone 0122392094
Ok, I guess we can book that one then. There will be 3 of us staying 4 nights, starting sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KXCIX1QH. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that'll be it.  Thanks for the help.|Great. Thank you for calling. I hope you have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
I need to book a train for Monday from Ely to Cambridge to arrive by 14:00 for 6 people.|What time would you like to leave by?
Anytime as long as i arrive by 14:00. Can you provide me with a reference number after booking?|Great.  I booked six tickets on TR4095 departing at 11:35 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52.  Your confirmation number is W6PWPYOP.
That is all I needed, good day to you.|Have a great day!
am looking for a train,it should leave after 14:15 and should depart from london kings cross|Is your destination Cambridge or another location?
Yes, my destination is cambridge.|What day would you like that train?  The TR8842 train departs Friday at 15:17 would you like me to book?
I need the arrival time|The arrival time is 16:08.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
I'm looking for a museum to visit.|I have 23 to choose from. Do you have a preference on location to help narrow the search?
23? I had no idea! I was looking for postcodes, areas and addresses.|Well, museum of archaelogy and anthropology is located at university of cambridge, downing street, cb23dz, centre. Would you like another musuem?
No, that sounds great! I also need to travel by train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|To clarify, you need to leave cambridge by train to peterborough?  I can help you with that. What day and time?
I need to leave on Friday sometime after 18:00.|I have a few options, the earliest leaves at Cambridge at 18:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 18:56. Tickets are available, would you like to book?
No, that's ok. I just wanted to know the arrival time. Thanks.|thank you and enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train going to leicester leaving after 18:15.|Okay! From where are you departing?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday.|There is a train leaving Leicester at 18:21 and heading for Cambridge. Would you be interested in this one?
No thanks, I need one going from Cambridge to Leicester. Are there any that meet my needs?|My mistake. It does depart from cambridge to leicester at 18:21. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please for 1 person.|Your ticket is booked on TR0776 from cambridge to leicester on Tuesday at 18:21. The confirmation number is IH9JZWAI.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay in the east with free parking.|I have several options. Do you have a price range in mind?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range.|I would recommend the warkworth house.
Great. I need to make a reservation for Saturday.|ok, how many days and guests?
It will be 2 nights and for 1 person.|There is one hotel in the east. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for one person for 2 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 1RC02K68
that will be it for now. thanks|Please feel free to call again if we can help in any other way. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Sure. What would you like to know ?
I need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Sunday.|I would be happy to help. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11.  How early do you want to depart?
anything after 13:00 please|I have the TR8241 leaving at 13:11. Will that work?
That's perfect please make a booking for 5 and then let me have the reference number. Also can you help me find an architecture attraction?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 20RFDCGC.
Can you help me find an architecture attraction to visit?|Yes, I can help with that. There are 5 attractions in the center of Cambridge, 4 are churches and the other is an old school. 4 are free and 1 costs 2 pounds. Do you have any preferences or would you simply like a random recommendation?
Just give me a recommendation please.|all saints church is very nice can I give you information on that one?
Yes please, what area of town is it in?|It is in the centre and it's free.
Sounds great.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|Okay perfect. Have a great day, goodbye.
I need to book train tickets.|sure, where are you headed?
I need a train that is headed to london kings cross and i need to arrive by 20:30.|I can help with that. What day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving Saturday.|We have 8 trains to London Kings Cross that day. Is there any particular time you'd like to leave by?
i would like to leave at 16:20|The TR8134 leaves at 17:00. Will that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need tickets, I just need the travel time, price, and train ID.|The train id is TR0427, it leaves cambridge at 19:00 and arrives at london kings cross at 19:51. The cost is 18.88 pounds. May i be of further assistance.
Thank you! I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions?|There are quite a few to choose from. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No but I need it for 7 people on the same day.|the oak bistro is a moderately priced british restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to complete a booking there?
Sure! It will be 7 people at 16:00 on saturday. Please give me the reference number.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Thank you for your time.|I was able to reserve a spot for you at Restaurant One Seven. Here is your reference number, 3HSTWXS7.
That's all I need assistance with today. Thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves english food and is moderately priced.|Oh no!  There no english restaurants that I can find right now.  Would something else work?
I'm looking for something with a moderate price range near the centre.|Like I aid there are no listings for english food,another type of food?
Are there any restaurants that serve british food?|There are four restaurants that serve British food near the centre that are moderately priced. Do you want more information on these restaurants?
Yea can you recommend one and get my the phone number please?|it is called restaurant one seven and there phone number is 01223337766
i'm also looking for a train.|Where would you be departing from and when would you like to leave?
Im leaving Cambridge at 11:00|What is your destination?
nevermind, i'm going to cambridge not from it. i'm leaving from norwich|I have booked you on TR8662 which leaves Norwich at 11:16 on Friday and takes 79 min to get to Cambridge for 17.60 pounds. Reference R42CEKG8
Actually, I am traveling on Tuesday. I need to leave after Norwich after 15:45. I need a booking for 7 people.|So you want to cancel the other booking?
No i will keep it|Okay thank you for calling.
Actually, sorry. Do cancel the other booking because I didn't ask for it. Make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from norwich to cambridge on tuesday|Your tickets have been booked. Your new reference number is 8XIKH0Z9.
Perfect. Sorry about all the confusion and thanks for your help. Have a great day.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm interested in find a place to see in the centre of the town.|We have lots to see!  Anything specific you had in mind?
Not really. What's the address and phone number for your favorite attraction?|I recommend castle galleries located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that departs from london liverpool street|What day and time would you like to depart?
I'd like to leave on saturday after 17:15.|You can depart from London Liverpool street to Cambridge on Saturday at 17:39 for 13.28 pounds.  The trip will take 88 minutes. Did you have any further questions?
Yes, could I have that train ID please?|Certainly. The train id is TR8530. Would you like to book at ticket?
No thank you. I have everything I need for now.|is there anything further I can help you with?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm wondering if there are any boat attractions in town?|There are 4 boat attractions in town.  What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter what area, I just need a phone number and postcode for one please.|I would recommend the riverboat georgina. The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train for Tuesday.|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave by 17:00|Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No as long as it leaves any time after 13:00 for 6 please and I need the reference number|I have a number of trains available, what is your place of departure and your destination, please?
I am leaving from Ely and departing at 5.|Could you please retstate when you would like to leave and arrive by?
I'm so sorry. I need to leave Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday and I'm going to Ely. I need 6 tickets.|I booked you for 6 tickets on the 15:50 train that arrives in Ely at 16:07. your reference number for the journey is 3QK3PKJT.
Thank you for all your help!|I am glad I could help. Have a good day and a fun trip!
Thank you. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
Yes, I need to take a train from Kings Lynn on monday, can you help me?|We have 19 trains going that route monday the first departure is at 05:11AM and going hourly from there, what time did you have in mind?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 16:00. What are my options?|There are two that arrive closest to your requested time; TR2257 arrives by 14:58 and TR1863 arrives by 15:58. Would either of those work best for you?
Can I have the price, travel time, and departure time for the TR1863, please?|The price for this train is 9.80 pounds.The departure time is at 15:11 and the trip is a total of 47 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for Peking Restaurant.|Peking restaurant is expensive chinese food in the south area. The address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 4 people at 20:30 on the same day?|Your table has been booked for 4 people on Monday.  Reference number is Z7TQCT8F.  Is there anything i can help you with today?
That will be all. Thank you.|I hope you have a good stay in town.  Please feel free to call back with any questions.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for places to go in the west of town.|What type of place are you looking for?
Anything is fine, just be sure and let me know if there is an entrance fee.|Queens' college is great. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need a train to stevenage on thursday.|Where are you heading out of? And what time are we looking at?
I am departing cambridge leaving after 17:15|How does the 17:21 departure on the TR4765 sound?
That's great I need to make a booking for 6 people|Sure! I have placed a booking for 6 people on the train departing Cambridge to Stevenage at 17:21. The total cost of travel is 78.8 pounds. Your confirmation number is 3UASOJDN.
Perfect! Thank you!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all, you have been very helpful. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, there are several. Do you prefer Asian or British food?
i will do modern european food|Okay we have the de luca cucina and bar and the riverside brasserie. Which one would you like?
Let's do the riverside brasserie. What about a table for 3 at 15:00 on Saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TYDEG9IJ.
Great I also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to ely.|Sure, what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on a Sunday.|Do you have a preferred time frame ?
I want to arrive by 11:15.|TR3177 will arrive by 10:07 and leaves at 09:50 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Include the reference number please|You are set, the total fee is 3.52 GBP payable at the station, your Reference number is WVJC995L.  May I help with anything else?
No that is all. Thank you. Goodbye|Ok. Thank you. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay. Find me a hotel with free wifi.|Boom!!  We have gonville hotel.  Need me to book a room?
That would be great, do you know what the price range is?|The Gonville is expensive.
Does that have a 5 star rating?|No, only 3 stars.
I was hoping for something with at least 4 stars.|I have 3 hotels that meet that criteria. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and free internet. I have 2 in the west and 1 in the centre.
I want to book for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.|I'll be more than happy to help you book a room as soon as you tell me what part of town you prefer.
I don't have a preference for side of town.|Huntingdon marriott hotel comes highly recommended, shall I book your room there?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Your booking for Sunday at the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel has been booked. Your reference number is KKV2OAGC.
Great I also need a train please.|Can you tell me your departure and destination locations please?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne after 20:00 on monday.|There's a train at 20:01 that will get you to Broxbourne at 21:01. Would you like to book passage?
Yes, two tickets please|Great, you're all set. Your reference number is : LEX7I9AY. Anything else I can help with today?
No thanks. You've been very helpful. Take care. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a moderate price.|Yippee noodle bar at 40428 King Street City Centre meets your needs.  Would you like a booking?
I need the place to serve a Turkish food. I'll need an address and post code also.|I have two that serve Turkish food, both in the moderate price range: Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like addresses for both?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train if you can help me with that.|Of course, where is the departure from? And at what time?
I'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after 21:15.|The first train out of kings lynn after your specified time is TR0672, leaving at 22:11.
Ok I'd like to book 7 tickets for monday. And can I get the reference number?|That has been booked. The reference number is RJFFMS3C. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you! That is everything I needed.|Your welcome.  Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.|We have quite a few, I'm sure we'll be able to get you where you want to go. Where is that, exactly?
I would like to go to leicester and leave on friday.|I have quite a few trains that fit your criteria. Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
Departing from cambridge and I want to arrive somewhere around 20:00, can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too.|The TR2508 arriving at 19:06 sound okay to you?
That sounds great, thank you. Could you book that for me for 7 people? I will need the reference number as well.|I completed your booking. The reference number is C11MOBV7. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes , I also need to find a place to stay. Preferably 4 stars and a guesthouse.|Sure! Our database contains 18 guesthouses rated 4 stars. To narrow down the search, could you tell me in what part of town you'd like to stay?
I definitely want to stay in the east part of town.|I have six entries matching your request.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
The price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting Tuesday?|I'm sorry.  There are no rooms available for that stay.  Can you choose a different day or shorter stay?
How about 1 night?|I was able to book the A and B Guest House for 1 night.  Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 995PR933.
thank you, you've been quite helpful|Glad to help. Have a lovely day.
I need a train to birmingham new street that leaves after 9:00.|Sure what is the departure site?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|The TR3732 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 11:44, would that work?
Yes, that would work just fine. Can I get 1 ticket please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. The reference is SU39QA9K.
Awesome. I'm looking for a concert hall in the south too.|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have any concerthalls in the south. Would you like to try another area or different type of attraction?
How about a park?|There is Wandlebury Country Park in the south.
That sounds lovely. What is the postcode and entrance fee?|The postal code is cb223ae.  And great news!  There is no entrance fee.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Is there a place to stay in the north area of town? Can it have free wifi access too?|There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you interested in any particular price range?
I'd like a guesthouse, please. a 4 star rating is a must.|They archway house may be a good option.
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking.
Can I have the phone number and what is the price range?|The price range of Archway House is moderate and their phone number is 01223575314. Would you like any more information? I can book you a room if you would like.
No thanks. But can you help me find a train into Cambridge for Wednesday please?|Where will you leave from?
Ely is where I will be leaving from.|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I'm sorry, I will actually be leaving Norwich. I need to arrive by 21:15.|i have train tr8658 that will arrive at 20:35. did you need any tickets?
No thank you that will be all|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a train from cambridge on monday.|Where is your destination, please?
My destination is Norwich. I am hoping I could catch a train after 15:15.|Will you be traveling alone?
Yes. I will be by myself. Looking for one ticket please.|TR9460 leaves cambridge Monday at 15:36, would you like to reserve a seat?
No, I just need the price and arrival time.|The price is 17.60 pounds, and travel time is 79 minutes.  Do you need to reserve a seat?
Not at this time. Thanks for the information.|More specifically, the train arrives in Norwich at 16:55. If there is nothing more, thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I need help finding a train. It needs to be going to Cambridge and should arrive by 20:30.|There is one leaving from Londons king vross the refernce number is VURC2CKA
I need to leave on Tuesday.  Does that one leave on Tuesday?|There is a train that leaves from birmingham new street on tuesday that arrives at cambridge at 20:23. Shall I book this for you?
No, I need to leave from Leicester.|Very well. What time would you like to leave?
I don't care, just make sure i can be there by 20:30.|TR0363 departs leicester at 09:09 and arrives in cambridge at 10:54 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need three seats on the train please.|Great I got you three seats on that train for a total cost of 113.40 pounds. Your reference number is BG6NO020.
Okay That is all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train please.|There are several trains where are you going?
I am going to Cambridge from Leicester.  I am planning to leave on Sunday and I need to be there by 11:45.|If you take the TR1079 at 9:09 you can arrive in Cambridge by 10:54. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, that sounds great. I would like to  book the train for 7 people. What is the reference number?|there is the reference number TR4106
Thank you for your help|Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I needed.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day and please call us again!
Wait, I don't think that's a valid reference number.|35VBB0LK if your reference numbers, what else may I help you with?
Great. Nothing else. Thanks, again. Goodbye for now.|most welcome and safe journey
I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?|I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 16:00, please.|TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.|Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
I would take the guesthouse.|Okay, happy to help! would you like more information or a reservation?
The hotel please. I need to book it for 3 people 4 nights starting friday.|You are booked into the lensfield hotel. The reference number is O46I4NOR. My I help you with something else?
no. that is all i need. thanks. bye.|Great! Have a nice evening.
Do you have any trains leaving after 15:00 on Thursday?|Yes, there are many.  What is your destination?
My destination is Norwich departing from Cambridge.|TR8604 leaves at 15:36, would this one work for you?
Yes, that would be find. I'll need to book tickets for 7 people. Can I have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KSHHCWCE.
Thank you! Can you help me find somewhere to eat now?|Sure, I can help you with that. Do you have a preference in food type or price range?
Yes, do you have a place that serves corsican food? I also need it to be on the cheap side.|No, unfortunately, I do not have any cheap Corsica restaurants. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Bummer! I guess I'll try some asian oriental food then|I have two that fit your criteria!  Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both in the city centre area.  Do you have a preference?
can you suggest one and I need the address, postcode and their phone number too please|I'd recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. The address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. The postcode is cb21rq. The phone number is 01223363471.
Wonderful! I think that's all I need for now, thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to find a hotel located in the west please.|Is there anything else you want in a hotel?
Yes please. I would like for it to include free wifi.|I have found a number of hotels with internet, what is your price range?
I want the most expensive one.|I think you'll be happy with the Huntington Marriott Hotel.  The phone number is: 01480446000. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, can you please book me a room for 4 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|Ok, I have 4 people booked at the Huntingdon Marriott for 5 days beginning on Saturday. Your reference number should you need it is 8DNV0JBG. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes.  I am looking to go to london Kings cross on thursday via train.  Is this something you can assist with?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cabridge.|There are trains to Kings Cross every 2 hours, on the hour. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I need the train to leave after 16:45.|TR1791 leaves at 17:00. it is the earliest. will that be fine with you?
Sure. What is the cost and what time will it arrive?|The price is 23.60 pounds and you will arrive at 17:51.
thankyou so much|Thank you for using our service today!
I'm looking for a train to stevenage that leaves after 11:45|The first train to Stevenage leaves at 13:21 on either Wednesday or Friday.  Which day will you be leaving?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|On Sunday TR0523 leaves at 13:21, would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will be just fine. Can you please tell me how much it will cost?|It is 10.24 pounds per ticket. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will be fine. I am also looking for museums in the centre.|I have 11 different choices. Might I suggest the Primavera. They just added many new exhibits.
Sounds great, what's the post code?|The Primavera's postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you need help with?
No that is all I need.|Okay. Glad I could help.
I need a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.|The acorn guest house has free wifi and parking. It is cheap and has 4 star rating. The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I need a 3 star rated hotel|Bridge Guest House is rated 3 stars. Would you like a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday|Yes I was able to reserve this for you and your reference number is 2I3Y6MMY.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train on wednesday which will go to liverpool street in london.|There are several that day. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 18:30 and need to depart from Cambridge.|How many people will that train be for?
Just for myself. Give me the travel tiem and the train ID please.|TR5285 arrives at london liverpool street at 15:27 with a total travel time of 88 minutes.
That will be all thank you for your help.|No thank you that will be all
I am hoping you can help me with my planning.  I am trying to find information on the trains.|I can definitely help you with that.  Can you give me more information, like your departure and destination preferences?
I will be departing from Stansted Airport to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.|I am getting the information up now, do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|TR6386 departs at 12:24 and arrives by 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
No. Can you help me find a very cheap, not shabby hotel that has free parking?|I have a lot of great choices to offer you. Do you have a preference to what part of Cambridge you'd like to stay in?
itshould be in the centre|There are two guesthouses: Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and El Shaddai. Would you like to stay in one of those guesthouses?
Which one of them has free wifi?|Both facilities do.
book for 2 people for 2 nights from wednesday|I made your reservation for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast. Your reference number is 8JX02F2T. Is there anything else I can do?
Sorry, can you actually book it for 3 people for 2 nights, please?|Your booking has been changed. Your new reference number is FVTMM086.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 14:30.|I can help you with that.  Can you tell me what your departure location will be?
Yes, I'll be leaving Leicester on Tuesday.|I have a train that arrives at 13:54. How many seats would you like?
I'd like 3 if possible and also need the reference number.|I was able to book you those 3 seats and your reference number is J3B2D19H.
Thanks! What can you tell me about the parks in town?|We have five fantastic parks located in the centre, east, north, and south. I suggest Milton Country Park. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
What is the address and phone number?|The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes what is the entrance fee?|The entrance is free to Milton Country Park!
Wonderful thank you so much for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today.
I think that is all for today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a train leaving after 15:30 from cambridge.|There are over 623 trains leaving then. Where will you be going to?
london liverpool street and should leave on monday|TR3602 departs at 15:59 Monday and arrives at London Liverpool street by 17:27. Does this suit your needs?
That sounds great.  Can you book that for 6 people for me?|Sure! I have 6 people booked for monday with reference number 3EBQSQSC and a total of 99.6 GBP. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on a hotel with free parking in the north.|Do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like to keep it cheap, please. I do need free wifi, though.|I have listings for two,city centre north b and b and worth house.
Let's go with City Centre North B and B. I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, and starting on Saturday, please.|Yes. Your reservation was successful. The booking number is 4H91C8I3.
thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to eat?|What sort of food are you looking to eat?
I'm looking for an expensive indiian restaurant in the west part of town.|There are 5 options to choose from, I recommend the tandoori palace. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That sounds great. I need a table for 1 on Wednesday at 19:45.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DGO6TW9S.
Okay I also need a train that leaves on Thursday.|Sure where are you departing from?
I need to get to London Liverpool Street by 09:00.|Ok, your best bet to get from cambridge to liverpool street is TR4127, leaving at 05:59, arriving at 07:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes for 1 person. i'll also need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : QGJMVZR4. anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!|Great. Have a nice trip. Good bye.
I'm looking for a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday please.|Where are you traveling to, and at what time will you be traveling?
I'm travelling to London Liverpool Street and I'll be departing after 17:00.|TR4757 leaves at 17:59.  Can I book seats for you?
Can you please tell me the arrival time on that train?|TR4757 arrives by 19:27. Was there any other information you needed?
i'm also interested in a particular attraction.|What is the name of the attraction?
The Cambridge Museum of Technology, do you know of it?|Yes that is located at the old pumping station cheddars lane and has a entrance fee of 5 pounds.
What area is it in?|This museum is located in the east part of town.  Can I help you further?
Can I get the phone number and post code for the museum?|Absolutely! The post code is cb58ld and the phone number is 01223368650.
Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure I can help you. What kind of information were you looking for?
I am wondering if you have any restaurants in town that serve eriterean food.|Yes, there are three restaurants that serves Mediterranean food.
Umm, actually I had asked about Eriterean food, not Mediterranean.|we got none that serves that kind of food. will you change the kind of food?
No, I really want Mediterranean food.|Okay I have three restaurants serving this. Would you like me to choose one for you?
Yes please do.|I like the gardenia.  Need me to make a reservation?
Yes for 2 people on monday at 12:15 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K8YAC7SK. Can I help with anything else?
I also need help finding a train going to Cambridge|Okay! From where?
I need to leave from birmingham new street|Great, what day and time do you prefer?
Monday and I'll need to arrive by 08:30 in Cambridge.|The first train leaves at 5:40.
What time does it arrive?|it will arrive by 08:23. is that fine with you?
Yes that will work. I need 2 tickets for monday please.|what day will you be travavelling
Monday. As I said before, 2 tickets for Monday.|I have booked two seats on TR3888  arriving in Cambridge at 08:23. Reference number is : 5DPBKIY1.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that will be all for today.|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge by 19:00, can you help me please?|Sure! Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I'm sorry,I'm confused. You are leaving from Cambridge to go to Cambridge?
No.  I am leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne.|Train TR0189 arrives at 18:01. Should I reserve tickets for that one?
Sure please make a booking for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : V7H3P3G7. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a 2-star hotel in the west part of town.|There are no 2 star hotels in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search to 2 star hotels in other parts of the city?
Will you check to see if there are any in the north?|I have the lovell lodge it is located in the north and is moderately priced with 2 stars.  Would you like to reservations there?
sure, for the same group of people on sunday|Ok and I need a reference number please
I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4-star rated.|In which area would you like to stay?
Preferably the east.|There are 6 hotels in the east rated 4-stars ranging from cheap to moderately priced. Do you have a preference on price range?
I do not, but it should have wifi.|a and b guest house is the area of east and has free wifi and is a 4-star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, just give me the postcode.|a and b guest house's postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a train.  Can you help with that?|Absolutely. Where are you departing from, and where would you like to go?
I am departing from stevenage anytime after 17:00. I would like to go to cambridge on monday.|I can get you aboard TR2656 at 17:54. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Can I have the price for that ticket please?|The price of the ticket is 12.80 pounds per person and is payable at the train station.  Is there any thing else I can assist you with today?
Could you tell me what time that train arrives in Cambridge please?|The train arrives in Cambridge by 18:43. Is there something else I could also help you with?
One more thing.  Can I have the train ID, please?|Of course, it's TR2656.
Thank you very much for the help.|Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thanks. That was all I needed. Have a good day|Have a fun trip!
I am looking for a place to stay. I want to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.|I can help with that! What area will you be staying in?
Any area in Cambridge is fine, but I want the hotel to have a 2 star rating.|There are a few different options for that. What price range would you prefer?
Something moderately priced would be ideal, please.|I'd recommend ashley hotel on 74 chesterton road. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great.  For 4 nights on Tuesday for 7 people please.|I will book you for the Ashely Hotel,ok ?
i'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.|There are 3 hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. Do you want free parking and what area do you want to stay in?
I'd like the accommodations to be a guesthouse, if possible.|I have found 14 different guesthouses for you. What area are you interested in? and will you be needing parking?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range with free wifi. Please let me know whether they have free parking.|The Avalon is a guesthouse at 62 gilbert road with free wifi but no parking.  Would you like to book them or keep looking?
can you tell me what area that's in?|A and B Guesthouse is in the east
I am looking for a train that goes to london liverpool street and leaves after 17:15.|I can certainly help you with that. Which day did you have in mind to travel?
I want to leave on Friday.|Unfortunately, the only train I have matching your criteria is one leaving 23:59 and arriving at 01:27 in the morning. Did you want to book that?
Yes that's fine. I'll take 8 tickets for that train please.|Alright, your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is NFA1DPXI. The train ID is TR3138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is everything. Thank you so much!|Have a great day!
I need to book a train from peterborough that leaves on wednesday.|The first train departs at 05:19. What time will you be leaving?
I'm flexible, but I need it to arrive by 13:15.|The TR1412 arrives in cambridge at 12:38.  Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket.|How many passengers?
No let's not book that. I want to hear about the attraction with architecture.|I find no attraction type that you requested. Can I help you with something else?
Are you sure there are no attractions for architecture?|No, I'm sorry, I am not finding anything with architecture.  Perhaps another type of attraction would interest you?
Sorry but you could you tell me the travel time on that train?|The travel time is 50 minutes.
Can I get the ID and the departure time also?|The train ID is TR1412 and departure time is 11.48 on Wednesday. Any thing else I can help you with?
I would also like to visit a place with architecture in town.|I'm sorry we do not have any architecture attractions. Is there something else that would interest you?
Are you sure there isn't any type of architecture attraction at all?|I apologize, there are actually 5. All are in the centre. I recommend old schools
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee and postcode for old schools?|The address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tt, and number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help.|Have a great trip. If you need anything else just let us know. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train. I want it to go to Stevenage and leave from Cambridge.|There are many trains available. What day and time do you want to travel?
It should leave after 18:30 on Saturday.|I have a train leaving at 19:21, is that okay?
How long is the trip and when will I arrive? Also need to know the price.|The trip lasts 49 minutes and is 12.8 GBP.
Okay, thank you for that information.  I also need to find a cheap restaurant.|We have many available. Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
Anything cheap in the centre of town please.|There are several places what type of food would you like?
Can I catch a train to Cambridge?|You sure can! Where will you be traveling from, and on what day?
I am leaving Peterborough on Sunday and I need to arrive by 10:15.|When do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 10:15.|TR0774 arrives closest to that time, it will arrive by 10:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please. I only need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 676ITDRH. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am going to need a place to stay while I'm in town.Can you recommend a guesthouse in the south?|What price range would you like?
I want to keep it in the moderate range please|Sure, I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guesthouse. It is 4 stars, includes wifi, parking and is in the moderate range. Would you like me to book it?
I actually want a hotel with 3 stars if possible|The bridge guesthouse is in the south with 3 stars. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can I please have their phone number?|Sure there phone number is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. good bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.|There's a train that leaves at 9 am and arrives at 9:51 am. Is that good?
No, I actually need to leave after 12:00.|Okay, and what is your destination?
I need to go to ely after 12:00.|I have a train that leaves Ely on Thursday at 13:50 and arrives by 14:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book tickets for 7 people please. And I'll need a reference number for it.|Booked! Your reference number is UCT2SJ8W. Fee is 30.8, paid at the station. Anything else.
No thank you. That is all.|Okay great. Glad I could be of assistance.
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.|Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.|I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.|I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side|Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4|It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.|How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is the only cheap hotel in town that has free wifi. It's in the west side of town at back lane, cambourne. Do you want a reservation?
I would like a little more information about the Belfry hotel. does it have a 4 star rating?|Yes, it does have a four star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No but what is the address?|The Cambridge Belfry is located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with something else?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi. I need to book a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me?|There are 21 guesthouses which offer free parking. Which area do you prefer to stay in?
I am open to any area, but the hotel should definitely have only 1 star.|I was unable to find a 1 star guesthouse with free parking. Would you like to up the stars?
How about 4 stars?|I found quite a few that meet that criteria. How about the archway house?
That is fine. Can I have the phone number and the area that the guesthouse is in?|How about the Archway House which is a guesthouse in the north and their phone number is 01223575314.  I can book it for you if you would like.
That's OK, I'll do it later. Can you tell me if there are any trains departing Cambridge on Tuesday?|Yes there are many trains leaving on Tuesday from Cambridge. What is your destination and the time you would like to arrive?
It should leave after 9:15 and go to Norwich.|The first available train after your preferred time is TR9942 with a departure time of 09:36 and an arrival time of 10:55. Would you like a ticket for this one?
Not right now but can I get the travel time on that?|It's a 79 minute trip, and the fare is 17.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that is all the information I need currently.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Yes I was wondering if you could tell me about the boat attractions that are available in town?|Sure, there are many boating attractions. What specific part of town were you looking for?
I'm open to any part of town, just makes sure you let me know which one it is.|I recommend The Cambridge Punter in the center of town.
Can I get the area that it is in?|The Cambridge Punter is in the Centre area.  Is there any other information you need?
I also need a train, please, for Monday after 20:15.|There are many trains departing Monday at 20:15.  Where is your destination?
I would be going to Leicester and would like to take the first train after 20:15 please.|There is a train that leaves at 20:21 departing from Cambridge. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you tell me what the train ID is for the train that arrives at 20:21?|There are no trains that arrive at 20:21. Did you mean the train that leaves at 20:21?
I need a Monday train, leaving after 20:15. From Cambridge to Leicester.|TR9424 will leave at 20:21, would that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. That's all I need.|Would you like me to book that for you? If so, how many tickets will you need?
That won't be necessary. Thanks.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that'll be all for now. You were a great help. Have a nice day! Bye.|Have a good one!
I want to find a decent place to eat in the centre of town.  My budget is a little constrained so moderately priced would be ideal.|You're in luck, we have several great restaurants that are moderately priced. What type of food would you like?
Do you have anything that serves international food?|Yes, there are 2 restaurants. There's The Varsity Restaurant and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like any additional information?
Let's do the varsity place for 3 people 11:00 on tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1JB0JK8C.
I need a train departing Cambridge on Wednesday.|OK, where are you headed and at what time?
I need to be in Birmingham New Street by 13:15, if possible, please.|Train TR9781 will arrive at your destination at 13:51, would you like me to book it for you
Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.|Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi.  Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.|I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book the hotel for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful your reference number is : ZK23HSL9. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all for today. You've been a great help. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you goodbye
I need to find a train going to cambridge from london kings cross.|There are 70 trains meeting those requirements. What day of the week are you leaving?
I need to leave on Saturday and arrive by 17:00.|I have a train that fits your criteria Saturday, it leaves at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I need to arrive by 5:00 no 6:00 can you check the schedule again?|I have a train that arrives at 16:08. Is that what you are looking for?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:00.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8602X6OE.
Thank you for your help|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|OK. Sorry for the confusion about the times. If you need help with anything else just let us know.
I want to get a place to eat in the north.|Saigon City, which is Asian oriental cuisine and is expensively priced, Golden Wok is Chinese and moderately priced. And Royal Spice is Indian food and cheap.
I would like one in the moderate price range.|I have the golden wok, which is chinese or the nirala which serves indian. Would you like to make a booking at one?
No. Just get me the Golden Wok's phone number and address please and I'll take it from there|Okay, their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I also need a train that will leave Cambridge on Saturday. I want it to arrive at 12:30 to Ely.|okay, the TR0721 leaves at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please! I will need a booking for 6 people.|I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
thank you. can i please get the refrence number?|You're all set. TR0721 leaves cambridge on saturday at 11:50 and arrives in ely at 12:07. Your total is 21.12 GBP and your Reference number is : 9SI6A16E.
Thank you very much. This is all I need for now.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train on Sunday that leaves after 17:15.|What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and heading to stansted airport.|Ok there are 7 choices. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive at your destination?
not really, it just needs to leave after 17:15.|There are plenty of choices starting at 17:40 and leaving every hour onwards. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, book it for 7 people at 17:40|Booking was made, ref number is 6QWLFWW5! Do you need anything more?
thats all, see ya!|have a safe trip, bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Is there anything in particular you are looking for? Hotels or restaurants perhaps?
I'm looking to take a train on Sunday leaving from Kings Lynn.|I would be happy to assist you. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge.
I would like to leave after 11:15.|The first train departing Sunday after 11:15 is TR1152 leaving at 12:11. Would you like to book a ticket?
what is its price?|The price is 7.84 pounds per ticket.
Okay. And what would be the length of travel?|travel time is 47 minutes
Thanks for the train info. I am also interested in visiting attractions in the center of Cambridge.|I would be  happy to assist you with that. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Any one would do but I would need the phone number|all saints church is a attraction of architecture in the centre phone is 01223452587
Can we also look at hotels in the same area as the attraction?|Of course I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
Actually, I won't be needing a hotel after all. Thank you for your help.|Your welcome. Are you sure there is nothing else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Again, thank you.|Glad I could help you find what you were looking for. Hope you have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 8:15 on tuesday?|Sure! Where would you like to go?
Cambridge, from bishops stortford.|The first train of the day leaves at 9:29 and then another departs every two hours.
The first train sounds perfect.  Can you give me the train ID please?|Of course. The train id is TR0635. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, but, I need to find a particular hotel called Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.|sure, their phone number is 01223364319
book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|No problem, I have that room booked for you! Your reference number is going to be UYZISOD6. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
nope that's it thanks for all of your help today|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
Hello, I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the centre. Any suggestions?|We have an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves African food, called bedouin. Would that be of interest?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 5?|Certainly.  What day and time would you like to dine?
Tuesday at 16:00.|I have your booked for the Bedouin Tuesday at 1600 for 5 people. Your reference number is PET3GU9H. Thank you for allowing me to assist you.
I'm also looking for a train on Tuesday as well. Can you assist me with this please?|Okay, no problem. There are many trains available. I just need to know where you are departing from and going to, as well as the preferred time.
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to cambridge. arriving at 13.30. train id, price and departure time please|TR6224	would be your perfect fit.
Okay, what time does it depart and how much is it?|TR6224 leaves at 11:09, arrives at 12:54(105 minutes), and is 37.80 pounds per person.
Great, that is everything I needed! Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a train to Cambridge, leaving from the Birmingham New Street station.|I have a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday leaving on 05:40 and arriving at 08:23. The ride is 163 minutes.
I need a train leaving on Thursday at 10:45|When could you like to arrive?
Anytime is fine as long as I leave after 10:45. I'll need a booking for 6 people and a reference number.|I suggest TR2613. It'll get you there the soonest after 10:45 but not soon enough to where time is tight. It is 450.6 GBP and the reference no. is 5VNL3K87
I will take it. Also, I am looking for a place that serves thai food in the west area.|Sala Thong is on the west side- it is on the expensive side.
Thank you, that sounds just right.|Great. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
could you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|They are found on 35 Newham Road Newham, their postcod is cb39ey and their number is 01223323178.
Thank you that is all I need today.|You are more than welcome. Have a wonderful afternoon.
I'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.|sure, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like Persian food.|I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving Persian food.
Okay how about chinese food?|There are a lot of chinese restaurants in town. Do you have a preference on area or price range?
Any type is fine can you just give me the postcode of it?|Rice House is in the center, is cheap, and post code is cb12bd.
i am also looking for a train. The train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford.
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 17:30.|Okay the TR3600 leaves at 15:26 and arrives by 16:07.
That's perfect. Can you book for 4 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4YOCRING.
Thank you. That is all the information I need.|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a train going to norwhich from cambridge.|I've got 133 scheduled between Cambridge and Norwich. What day of the week are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|We have quite a few results. Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
There are 7 people in my party and we'd like to leave after 16:15 on Tuesday. I'll need a reference number, please.|Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is: KFMNIOGF.
Thank you so much. We also need a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?|Is there a part of the city you would like to stay in?
I am looking for information about the the Cherry Hinton Water Play|That is a free park on the east side of town. They are located at Cherry Hinton Hall on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446100.
Excellent, I can't wait to visit it! Thank you.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of attraction is Cherry Hinton Water Play?|It is a park.
Thanks I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday.|OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what time do you want to travel?
I'd like to go to Cambridge via Broxbourne. I'd like to leave on Thursday and arrive no later than 12:00.|I have on that arrives at 11:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
Please book it and send me the confirmation code.|Before i book it, could you confirm the number of seats you need?
Just one seat.|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 698RE4W1. The total fee of 17.89 is payable at the station.
Perfect thanks for the help thats everything I need!|Well I glad i can help enjoy your stay !
Again thank you and have a great day.|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.|Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.|We have 2,828 entries for a train.  Could you narrow it down to what you need?
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.|The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?|There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to find a train that leaves on Friday and arrives by 19:30.|What location will you be departing from and what location will you be arriving at?
I need to go from broxbourne to cambridge by 19:30.|TR4322 will depart broxbourne at 17:32 and arrive in cambridge at 18:32. Would you like tickets for that train?
Can you give me the price and travel time on that?|The price is 17.90 and the travel time is 90 minutes
I also need a suggestion for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.|There are several cheap restaurants what type of food do you prefer?
Can you give me the reference number for the train?  I would like cheap italian food in the center.|How many passengers should I book on the train? There are three cheap Italian places. I could suggest Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
Don't worry about booking the train.  I just need a reservation for Zizzi Cambridge for 8 people at 10:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : GAFY4UMT.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm good, thanks.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Enjoy your meal!
Hello, do you have any information regarding interesting theatres to visit in the centre of town?|Sure thing, there are four theatres in the centre of town. ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
I'm interested in one of the theatres! Can I get the entrance fee information for those?|I'm sorry, but none of the theaters list the entrance fee. Would you like the phone number for any of them?
That's okay, could you provide me with the postcode and address, please? Also, I am looking for a train leaving after 16:00 this Monday.|The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street and its postcode is cb23pj. Before I find your train, could you tell me where you would like to go?
Of course, silly me :P I am looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage|The TR0254 leaves Cambridge at 17:21.
Awesome, thank you very much! I'm pretty sure that's all I need right now, but I'll be back if I think of anything else. Later!|Great thank you for using our system.
Morning!  I need a train departing from kings lynn.|There are trains from Kings Lynn every hour from 5:11. Did you have a particular day and time of day in mind?
Yes, my train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 11:00.|How about the TR8331 Train? It departs at 11:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:58.
Sounds good. Could you tell me how much it costs for a ticket, and how long of a trip that will be?|Yes, the ticket costs 9.80 pounds and the ride is 47 minutes long.  Can I be of any other help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south with free wifi. What options are there for that?|There is 1 expensive hotel and 3 guesthouses ranging from cheap to moderate. Which do you prefer?
Does the hotel have free parking?|The hotel does have free parking! It's called the lensfield hotel and has 3 stars.
Could you tell me the postcode of this hotel?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb21en. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not quite yet, but can you tell me the price range of the Lensfield, please?|The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Note yet.  Can you tell me more about the hotel?|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It's a 3 star, expensive hotel, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you!  Goodbye.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|I see 32 places have free wifi. To narrow it down, is there a particular side of town or a pricerange you're looking for?
I'd like a place on the west side in the moderate price range.|I am showing one guest house that meets your criteria. It's the Hobsons House at 96 Barton Road. Would you like to book a room?
Thank you. I'm not ready to book just yet. I just wanted the information. That's all I need for now. Good-bye.|You're welcome. Let us know if there's anything more you need and we'll be happy to help you. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on thursday.|There are 10 trains leaving fro Liverpool Street on Thursday. Did you have a departure time in mind?
Yes, I don't want to leave for Cambridge until 15:00 at the earliest.|Okay, the TR8944 leaves at 15:39 and arrives by 17:07. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, for 6 people.|Okay I have booked you and your reference number is WLUOQKEV.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the south.|What price range are you interested in?
No price range but I do want a 4 start.|rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range
That sounds great. I'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on Thursday.|I've gone ahead and booked that for you. Your Reference number is : EUZ34KY9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that takes care of everything I need. Thanks!|Do you need a taxi?
I don't need a taxi, thanks for asking|then thanks for inquiring with us.
Goodbye, and thanks again.|Sure thing.  Thanks for letting us help you today!
I'm looking for attractions in west Cambridge.|I have colleges and museums here. Do you have a preference?
No not really. Just something historical to see.|You may enjoy the museum of classical archaeology located in the west part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I please get their address, postcode and phone number?|No problem.  The museum  is located on sidgwich avenue.  The postalcode is cb39da, and the phone number is 01223335153. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, I also need a train to leicester and traveling on friday.|Alright, let's see what I have for you. Can you tell me what time you would like to leave or arrive by? That will help us narrow one down.
The train should arrive by 21:45 in Leicester. You can tell me which departure from Cambridge is best for that time.|The TR1233 leaves at 19:21 and arrives by 21:06, would that work?
Yes what would the price be?|The price per ticket on TR1233 is 37.80 pounds. Do you want me to book a seat for you?
No, not at this time, thank you for your help.|You're welcome have a great day
You too, goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I need to find a particular hotel called cityroomz. Please send me all information you have.|I have the information for the hotel cityroomz, I am send you the information right away.
Thanks, can I get their phone number?|the phone number is 01223304050.
Can I also get the address please? Thank you.|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks. I also need help finding a train to get me to Cambridge from Broxbourne.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on sunday and leave after 11:15.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive by 13:01. Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is: D83EGZQ8.
thank you so much|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That's it. Goodbye.|Goodbye. If you need any help later, we are here.
I am looking for a particular hotel.|Do you know which hotel or the area the hotel is in?
University Arms Hotel.|Yes I have located the University Arms and it is located in the center. Would you like a booking?
Yes thank you.  2 nights for two people starting on monday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is OG3NRCWJ. Will that be all?
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Tuesday.|Ok, where you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave after 11:45, please.|And from where are you departing?
I am departing from cambridge.  Can you please provide me with the train id and travel time.  thank you.|Sure.  TR0743 will be the train you want, and it has a travel time of 49 minutes.
Excellent,  thanks for all of your help!|Have a great day!
What are some places I could visit that are in Cambridge?|There are several great places to visit in cambridge. What type of attraction do you prefer?
I would like to visit a park on the north side.|Sure, we have Milton Country Park located in the north in Milton. There phone number is 01223420060 & postcode is cb46az.
Ok, great thanks.  I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|I have 1,414 possible options for you to take. Is there any way for you to narrow down which one you need?
I need a train to leave on Tuesday after 18:00 from London Liverpool street going to cambridge.|TR6833 is a train that matches your requirements, would you like that?
I would like the travel time, arrival time and price, please.|Your arrival time for TR6833 is 21:07, with a travel time of 88 minutes.  Price is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. I would like to book that train.|Sure thing! How many tickets will you be needing?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you.|TR6833 leaves at 19:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:07 for 88 minutes of travel.  It costs 16.60.
Thank you, that's all I need for now.|No problem, glad to be of help!
I'm looking for a train that runs on Tuesday.|Sounds good, Where will you be arriving from and going to?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and arriving at cambridge.|I have many travel time to choose from. Do you have a preferred travel time?
I want to leave after 14:45.|The TR5245 leaves London Liverpool Street at 15:39 and gets into Cambridge at 17:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds great.  Will you make a booking for 5 people please?  And I'd like the reference number for my records.|Ok   I will book it for you for 6 people
Actually I only need it for 5 people and I will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7F4OHHP6 Payable at the desk, any other questions today?
Yes, could you help me find a North American restaurant that is expensive.|The gourmet formal kitchen is a great choice. Shall I book it?
Yes, book it for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00. Do not forget to send my reference number!|Okay, you are booked. Ref no. IBI16V4A
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I am staying in the centre of cambridge, can you tell me about places to go there?|Sure, what type of place interests you?
It doesn't matter but can I get their entrance fee.|Castle Galleries is located in the centre of town and are free to enter.
OK, that sounds great. I also need a train to get me to Cambridge.|I have several options but if you let me know your preferred departure point, day and time i can recommend the best option for you.
I will be departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday.|i found 19.what time would you like to go
I need to leave after 20:00.|I have 4 trains that match your criteria.  The first leaves at 20:11, then 21:11. 22:11 and 23:11.  Which one would you like to book?
Please book the one for 21:11 please.|Okay. Booking was successful. Your reference number is CJNO95ZP. Anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!|Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. Thank you.|There are several restaurants in the price range what type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food is not important, but I would like a nice place that has tables available on Saturday evening.|Sure, I would recommend the Midsummer House Resaurant which serves British food.  It is a nice, expensive place located in the Centre.
Great I would like to make a booking for 21 person on a Saturday for 18:45.|I'd be happy to help with your request, could you please verify the number of people in your party?
just for one person. i'm a sad and lonely person. do you want to join me for dinner??|I have booked you at the midsummer house restaurant, your reference number is ZNN1RQ7E. You will have a great time, and I'm sure meet lovely people.  Enjoy!
I also need a train departing from cambridge leaving on sunday.|i got 5 trains on that day. what time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 15:00.|There are 99 trains leaving Cambridge Sunday. What is your destination?
I need it to go to bishops stortford and should arrive by 15:00.|TR2402 arrives at 14:07. Want to book?
Yes can you book that for 1 person as well?|Yes.  There is a train that leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07, would you like to book this train?
Yes, that would be great. It will be only one person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TZXLECBZ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's it for me today. Thanks a lot.|Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I need a train to Stevenage.|Absolutely. From where would you like to depart?
I am leaving out of Cambridge. I need the ticket for Sunday.|TR5390 is the first train of the day leaving at 5:21 would that work for you?
Unfortunately I need to leave after 09:30, is there one available then?|Sure thing, train TR8464 leaves at 11:21. Will that work?
That will probably work fine.  Can you tell me the travel time for that train?|The first train of Sunday leaves at 11:21 and arrives by 12:10. Does that meet your requirements?
By travel time, I mean the duration of the train trip.|I'm sorry.  That comes out to a 49-minute train ride.  Does that sound agreeable to you?
Yes that will be fine.|Am I booking one ticket?
No, that's not necessary. I can book it later. Thanks. Have a good day.|Thank you for using our system!
Thanks again. Goodbye!|Thank you! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train please.|Ok I can assist you with that.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I found more than 1,000 trains. Do you have a destination in mind?
I need to go to Birmingham New Street.|Thanks. And what day will you be traveling, please?
Monday is the day I plan to travel|these is the schedule for that day
I need a train going to birmingham new street leaving on monday. The train is going to cambridge leaving after 18:30.|TR3283 leaves Cambridge at 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44. Do you want a booking?
Yes.  Thank you.|Is it one ticket you need or more?
Just one ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BP0P7TU6.
Thank you.That's all I need for now.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a place to go in the west?|Absolutely, what kinda of place you are looking for?
I don't know. Can you recommend something?|people's portraits exhibition at girton college	is a museum in the west. can i give you the address
I need the phone number and entrance fee please.|the phone number is 01223338901, admission is free.
I also need a train ticket on friday leaving peterborough arriving by 15:00|TR2521 will arrive at 14:38. Would you like a ticket?
No, thanks. That is all for me.|Thanks for visiting, have a lovely day!
Actually, there is one more thing. You've given me the train ID, and the arrival time in Cambridge. But, when does the train depart Peterborough?|The train departs at 13:48.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.|excellent, have a great day!
I want to book a room in a place that has a 4-star rating.|What price range do you have in mind?
What price ranges are available for a 4 star hotel that includes free wifi and free parking?|There are options in all price ranges- cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I don't care which price range it is as long as it has free wifi and parking.|I would recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel on the west side of town.
Thanks, I will keep that one in mind when I am ready to book.  I need to find a train also.  From Liverpool Street on Friday.|Sure, what is your destination?
I need to get to Cambridge by 09:15.|We have a train arriving by 9:07. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes that will work thank you.|great, how many tickets do you need?
I need 5 tickets please. I'll also need the reference number.|Booked! Reference number: HVL4GGV6.
At the station you are to pay 83 GBP.
Thanks so much for your help today.|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today.
Need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have russian food.|Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find anything matching your request. Shall we look for a cheap restaurant instead?
What about a Turkish restaurant instead?|I have two in that range, in the centre. Is that area the right area for you?
Yes, that area's fine. Can you make a reservation for 6 people on Thursday at 5:30 pm with one of them?|Would that be at 5:30 pm (17:30)?
Yes, could I have the reference number as well please?|Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Can you try a different time or day?
Can you try 16:30?|I was able to make that reservation at 16:30 your reference number is AKF1B848.
I also need a train from Cambridge to London kings cross that leaves on Friday and arrives at 17:00.|The closest to that time is TR2420 which leaves Cambridge at 15:00 and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 15:51. Would that meet your needs?
Yes, it would. Can you book me 6 tickets for that for Friday please?|Ok, I've booked 6 tickets, reference number FFVH42H7.  Your total is 141.6 GBP payable at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Let me know if you think of anything else you need.
I'd like to know about a particular attraction.|I'll be happy to give you the information you need. What's the name of the attraction?
museum of archaelogy and anthropology. i want its phone number and area|That museum is located at the city centre and the postcode is cb23dz.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Do you have the phone number? I also need help finding a train.|The phone number is 01223333516.
Great. Can i get a train to bishops stortford on Thursday?|Yes I will take the first one abvailable,will you book it for me ?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|What aspects of it would you like me to help you with?
I am looking for a Sunday train to Bishops Stortford please.|There are several leaving on Sunday.  What time would you like to depart?
The train should leave after 17:15 and should go to bishops stortford.|TR6742 leaves at 17:29 and arrives in bishops stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
No need to book. But, can you please give me the travel time and the price of the ticket?|The travel time is 38 minutes and the ticket cost is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for some things to do while I'm in town.|We have almost 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have something in mind to do?
Yes, I am looking for a museum in the centre.|We have 11 different free museums ranging from art to archaeology. I recommend castle galleries at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223307402.
am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of museum.|There are several museums in the centre of town. Do you have a preference on the type of art you which to see?
Hi, I'd like a train leaving from Cambridge on Thursday, please.|Certainly. Did you have a destination in mind?
Yes London Kings Cross.|Great. Now what time would you like to leave by or arrive by?
Arrive by 10:30 in London Kings Cross.|TR8636 will arrive by 09:51, would that work for you?
Yes please bookm it for me and I need the departure time.|How many tickets do you need?
Just one please|OK perfect, I have that booked for you then, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a college to go to in the west.|I have 5 different options for you. Might I suggest Clare Hall. It has free admission and it is a great campus to tour.
That sounds great!  What is their address?|It is located on herschel road  and the phone number is 01223332360
Thank you! That will be all.|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you ever need assistance with anything else.
Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?|sure, what day will you be travelling?
I will be travelling on Monday and need to arrive by 18:45.|TR0254 arrives 18:10. Want to book?
Could you tell me the cost of the train ticket?|The cost is 12.80 pounds.
Great thanks.  So what time do I need to be at the Cambridge station?|You need to be at the Cambridge station at 17:21.
Thank you very much.  Could you help me get a guesthouse as well?|Do you have a price range or area preference?
One in the west, would be best.|What price range would you like?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|sure when are you planning your stay so I can book the room for you
I do not need it to be booked. Can I just get the postcode and whether it has internet?|Sure. Hobsons House is a guest house in the west with moderate pricing and internet. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, does the guesthouse have a star rating of 3?|Yes, hobsons house does have a 3 star rating. It is located at 96 barton road and their phone number is 01223304906. Do you need anything else today?
Just one other thing.  Can you clarify the travel time for the train?  I need to make sure I am prepared. TR0254 I believe.|sure, the travel time for the train is as follows; departure 17:21 arrival 18:10
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a cheap, 4 star hotel.|I have he cambridge belfry in the west area. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does this place have free wifi?|Yes, the cambridge belfry has internet.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on Friday.|You are booked and your reference number is CK82ZWXD. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a train into Cambridge?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Birmingham New Street|We have several trains to cambridge the earliest leaves at 05:40 and the latest one leaves at 23:40.  Do you have a specific time you would like to leave?
If I could leave on the first one after 16:30. that would be perfect.|What day would you like to travel?
On Friday, please.|The first one after 16:30 is the TR6477, leaving at 16:40. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Sure.  I would like 5 tickets, please.|Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : K5EOIMR6.  Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you!|No problem, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?|Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.|We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.|All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.|I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Hello, I am planning a visit to Cambridge and would like to find out about Bloomsbury Restaurant.|Bloomsbury restaurant serves international cuisine, is located in the centre part of town, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and/or phone number?
Actually, are you able to book me a table? I'd like it to be for Saturday. The table should be for 8 people, at 19:15, and please provide a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HSIINNN4. Did you need anything else today?
I would like a train, arriving by 1500 and departing from birmingham new street.|There are 63 different trains that leave Birmingham New Street and arrive by 15:00, where did you want to go?
Cambridge, of course! I need the make it to the restaurant booking!|Certainly, leaving birmingham new street on saturday would you rather leave at 10:40 to arrive by 13:23, or leave at 11:40 to arrive by 14:23?
I would like to leave at 11:40 please|Train TR4553 departs at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23. Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Can you confirm that the train booing is for 8 people, please?|Yes, I was able to book 8 tickets on that train for you. The total fee due, payable at the station, is 480.64 GBP. Your reference number is G99GK4JT.
Wonderful! You have been incredibly helpful. That will be all I need today.|Okay! Glad I could be of help.
Are there any expensive european restaurants around?|I found 5 expensive european restaurants. Which area of town would you like to look in?
I don't have a preference, what do you recommend? I'll need the area, address and phone please.|City Stop Restaurant, 01223363270, post code is, cb41uy,Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else?
I also need a train leaving cambridge after 21:15.|What is your destination?
i need it to go to london liverpool street|I have several. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
What times do you have available?|What day would you like to travel?
I want to travel on Tuesday|I would suggest train ID TR5722 which leaves at 21:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 23:27.
That sounds like it would work.  Please make a reservation for 4 people on that train, please.|Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: RLF15GH7. Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks. I think that's all. Have a nice day. Bye.|Great! You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Can I please book a train for Friday?|Sure, what destination would you like?
I'm going to Leicester.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely no later then 17:00.|I have a train that leaves at 16:21. Would you like a booking?
Yes please can you book me one seat on that train and let me know the reference number?|actually, i believe some incorrect information was entered. i have not trains from ely to leicester on friday after 17:00. let's verify what you're looking for.
Sure, I am looking for a train going to Leicester that departs from Cambridge. It should leave after 10:30 on Friday.|Great!  There is the TR8080 leaving Cambridge Friday at 11:21 and arriving by 13:06 in Leicester.  Is that the one you want booked?
Yes please make the booking for me for one.|OK, you have 1 ticket reserved on TR8080. The total fee is 37.79GBP, and your reference number is C317WKCR. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to go in town.  Can you recommend your favorite museum?|Sure! I love the Cambridge Artworks in the east. It's on 5 greens road and is free admission. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please and their address.|Their phone number is 01223902168. Their address is 5 Greens Road.
That was all I needed today, thanks!|You're very welcome. Have a good visit.
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.|I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet?  I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.|That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.  I'd like 4 stars though.|Ok what about the allenbell? It's priced cheap.
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?|The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from Cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?
I need a train from Cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday.|Those trains leave every hour beginning at 5:40 am. Do you have a particular arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 08:00.|Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08.  Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Can you also please confirm the train ID, price, and departure time for me.  Thank you!|Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08, price is 10.10 pounds
Awesome. Could you also suggest a museum for me to visit? I'm thinking in the east?|I recommend the Cambridge Artworks.  The admission is free. Can I be of further assistance?
Can I get the address and and postal code for the Cambridge Artworks please?|Sure, the address is 5 greens road and the postcode is cb13ef.
Great, thank you. I don't need anything else. Bye!|Thank you for using our services.
Can you help me locate a restaurant called Pizza Express Fen Ditton?|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located on Jesus Lane. The phone number is 01223324033.
thank you do you know if they take reservations? Do you know the hours of the business?|I am unable to locate the hours of Pizza Express; however, they do take reservations if there is a time you would like me to try to book for you.
I need a reservation for 3 people on saturday.|What time would you like to dine?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge.|There is a train that leaves 13:17.
what time does that train arrive?|What day do you want to travel?
I will travel on Sunday.|Where shall the train go?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge|A total of five entries found. How about TR7447? It arrives at 13:51, and leaves at 13:00? Then we can get back to the restaurant reservation we had been working on.
Yes, that will do. I need tickets for 3 people please.|Your train tickets are booked, ref #6QVPO3N3. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Great. Well, I hope you have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again. Goodbye.
Book me a train from birmingham new street that leaves after 19:15.|I'd be happy to help you with booking that. Can you tell me what day you will be traveling? And to what destination are you wanting to go?
I need to leave on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge.|The TR5859 leaves at 19:40. I can book tickets for you, if you like. I just need to know how many.
I don't need it booked just now.  Can you let me know the travel time and arrival time for TR5859?|The travel time of TR5859 is 163 minutes.  Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay.|We have plenty of options for places to stay in cambridge. Would you rather stay in a hotel or guest house?
A guest house with free parking, it doesnt matter whether or not wifi is included.|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's nice place on the north side. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you please.|What day will you be arriving and how many nights are you staying?
Ill be arriving tuesday and ill need 4 nights for 4 people.|I have made reservations and the reference number is K8EETTJF.
Thank you so much you have been a tremendous help!|Can I look up anything else for you today?
no, that will be all. thank you!|I am glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
I am looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45|Okay, where are you departing from?
I want to leave from London Liverpool Street.|Okay, what day of the week are you looking for the train?
I will depart on Wednesday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FKDUE0OJ.
Wait, this is for 3 people. Are there enough available seats?|It looks as though they have only booked you for one ticket, I'm sorry.
Could you redo booking for 3 people please.|Okay, the booking has been revised to reflect three guests. My apologies for that.
Can I get the new reference number?|Of course! You're new reference number is ZF8QFW7E. Can I help you with anything else?
No- I think you have answered all my questions! Thank you!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Good bye.
I am planning a trip for Cambridge|What can I help you find?
I need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge, leaving Broxbourbe after 18:15.|On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on sunday.|TR1428 departs at 18:32 and arrives by 19:32. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please, for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is T7CEWBRP. Will that be all?
Actually, I'm also looking for a museum in the west. Which one is your favorite?|My favorite is Lynne Strover Gallery at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Best of all, there's no entrance fee! Would you like any additional information?
What is the entrance fee and phone number?|It is free to get in and the phone number is 01223296264. Is there anything else you need?
nope that's it thanks for your help|Im glad I could help goodbye
I need to get a train ticket for friday please.|Where will you be departing from and traveling to?
I need to get to Cambridge from Broxbourne and I'd like to leave after 13:15.|Yes I have a train that leaves at 13:32. Will that do?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Will you be needing the reference number?
Yes, if I could please get the reference number.|Reference number is : IVX6L3KV. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you please book a room for 1 person for 4 nights, starting Friday, at Hamilton Lodge?|Booking was successful.  Reference number is : 3G3X2VLU.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's it! Thank you for your help!|I'm glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
Hi, I'm curious about attractions located in the center of town.|I have over 40 great attractions in the town centre. How do you feel about entrance fees?
I don't care about entrance fees.|Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
Yes I would like the center.|How about all saints church?
Sounds good, could I get the address please?|All Saints Church Jesus Lane, postal code cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no that takes crare of it|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking.|Okay, I have found 4 hotels on the south side with parking. Did you have a price range in mind?
Something expensive. I prefer a guesthouse though.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range in the south with free parking. Do you want to change your price range or area?
How about one in the cheap price range, are you able to locate one of those?|There is one, shall I book it?
Can you let me know if they have internet, and then let me know their address and phone number?|Rosa's bed and breakfast does have internet. The address is 53 roseford road and their phone number is 01223512596
I also need a train.|I can help with that, too. When and where do you need a train?
I need to leave from stansted airport after 10:30|What day will you be travelling?
On thursday I need to book it for 3 people.|Alright, I have booked you 3 tickets for the TR7920 train, leaving Stansted Airport at 11:24. Your reference number is VKBYCLSB.
Thank you. That will be all.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!  Goodbye.
I'm planning my trip in Cambridge and I need a train. It should arrive by 20:15 and leave on Sunday.|Okay we've got a long list of matches. Where did you want to depart from?
I would like to depart from Cambridge, and I'm headed to Birmingham New Street.|There is a 16:40 that will arrive at 19:23.  There are also plenty of earlier trains if you would like to arrive much earlier.
That sounds great, could you make the reservation for me?|How many tickets do you need?
i need 15 tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 901.2 GBP. Reference number is : GLBY9VB9. Do you need anything else?
I need to get the train ID.please.|Yes the train ID is TR8297.
I also need an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.|What type of food would you like?
I'm not too picky. Can you recommend anything?|Loch Fyne has an excellent selection of seafood. They are expensive. Can I make a reservation for you?
Can I have the food type,  postcode, and address, please?|They have seafood.  The post code is cb21qy, and the address is The little rose 37 trumpington street.  Do you need me to book it for you?
No thank you, that will be all for today.|Thank you.  Please remember us for your future travel needs.
Am looking for a train it should depart from peterborough and should arrive by 21:30|I have a train going to Cambridge that will arrive at 21:09 and leaves at 20:19. Does that work for you?
It will work for me Thank you|Your train has been booked! The price is 16.5 GBP and the reference number is JSGGVUC8. The train ID is TR0583. Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I am looking for a train.  I need to leave on Tuesday, after 11:15.|Can I get information where you are departing from?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Peterborough.|I have train TR8806 departing at 13:34 and arriving by 14:24. Would that work for you? If not, I have both earlier and later trains.
That works. Book it for me. I need the reference number.|The booking was successful and your total fee is 16.5 GBP. You pay that at the station. Your reference number is M1C9IXIH.
Can you also help me find some kind of architecture attraction in city centre?|great saint mary's church is an architecture attraction in the city centre.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, please?|Postcode cb23pg, Market square. Is there anything else you would like to know.
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|No problem! Have a great day!
I'm looking for information on a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.|Okay! Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the Centre of town, at 56 Saint Barnabas Road, with internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
Yes please book it for  4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : OEBH1Q9H.
Thank you. I also need a train on wednesday arriving by 17:00.|Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Kings Lynn.|Is there a time in your mind for leaving?
No, I just need to arrive by 17:00. On Wednesday. Please book the train closest to that arrival for 4 people and give me a reference number|The Train ID is TR5153.  It leaves at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58.  Your reference number is 1T9WEZTE.  Can I help with anything else?
Awesome, thank you so much for your help! That will be all, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your time in our beautiful city!
I am looking for a hotel called Hobsons House.|Hobsons House is a moderately priced 3-star guesthouse on the west side. Their address is 96 Barton Road, cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Excellent. I would like to book a stay for 2 people for 5 nights, please.|When would you like to begin your stay at Hobson's House?
I would like my stay to begin on Saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ALSEXHLY.
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.|What day and around what time would you prefer to depart?
I need to leave after 17:45 on Saturday. I need the price, travel time and train ID of the route is possible.|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 18:21 and arriving at Leicester at 20:06. The trainID is TR6034 and the trip duration is 105 minutes. A ticket is 30.24 pounds.
Perfect, I will take that trip for 30.24 pounds. Thank you!|How many tickets will you need?
Actually, I am not ready to book them.  Thank you for your help, I am all set.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need information for a train leaving on friday after 15:15.|I'll be happy to help with that. Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|There is a train leaving at 15:29.
Perfect, can we book that for 2 people, and I will need the reference number.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  5EVEW0AE.
Where do I collect my ticket?|You will get that from the station.
Great, thanks! Can you please also recommend an expensive place to stay with free parking?|Sure, the Lensfield hotel is within your price range and has free parking. The number is 01223355017 and post code is cb21en. Have a great day.
I wasn't done yet, but thanks I will have a great day. Now, can you tell me if that hotel is in the north?|sorry. it is in the south.
Okay. So how about one in the north then, because that's what I want. If not, then try the centre. And don't try to book without my permission again please.|There are no hotels in the expensive range in the north.
Do you know of any places I can go for entertainment?|We have several options for you. Is there a specific area you will be in?
No specific area. Just the first thing that pops up.|Cherry Hinton hall and grounds is on the east part of town.
Okay how much does it cost? And where the postal code?|The price is uknown at this time, and the postcode is cb18dw.
I am also looking for a train for Thursday departing from Stevenage.|There are many train departure options on Thursday. When do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 11:30.|TR3330 will arrive at 10:43, would that work for you?
That sounds good. I need tickets for 4 people. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XX5DNFKS.
Great, that's all I need. You can end this conversation now. Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Hey there. I think I need a vacation asap. You think you can help me find a 4-star hotel somewhere?|We have 21 places that meet your request, do you know if you want a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like to stay in a hotel and it should be in the east.|I have no hotels in the east. Would you like to try another area?
How about a guesthouse?|There are 6 guesthouses available. Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference but I need it for 3 nights starting on Friday for 3 people.|The booking was unsuccessful would you like another day or shorter stay?
How about 2 nights?|I was able to book you at a and b guest house. Your reference number is QGABNRTX. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking.|What is your destination that day? Also is there a certain time you would like to arrive or depart by?
It should arrive by 8:30.|So you want to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30? Can you tell me where you'll be coming from?
I want to depart from broxbourne. Could I get a reference number please?|There are two choices, one arrives 6:32 and the second one arrives at 7:32.  Which one would you like and how many tickets do you need?
Please book the 6:32 train for 3 people and please provide me the reference number|The number is SPRQBYFB, is there anything else you need?
That's it for now. Thanks for all your help. Great service. Good bye.|The the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant please.|We have several moderately priced restaurants to choose from.  Do you have a food type or location preference?
I would like to try Jamaican cuisine.|I'm sorry but there doesn't seem to be any Jamaican restaurants available, do you have another food preference you'd like to try?
Sure, I'd be happy with some European food.|The Galleria is an excellent choice in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, but I would like the phone number please.|Sure thing. The phone number is 01223362054.
I am also looking for a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to peterborough.|And when will you be travelling?
I am looking to leave Cambridge on Saturday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
yes I need to arrive by 12:45, for 2 people|You have tickets on TR1615, reference number 3GF53QET.
Thank you so much, you have been very helpful.  That is everything.  Have a nice day, bye.|Glad to have been of assistance!
I'm looking for a Modern Eclectic place to dine in the Cambridge North End tonight.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
I would not. I prefer this place to be expensive, have modern eclectic tastes, and be located north.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a chinese restaurant in the same area, same price range?|No problem. I have Hakka at Milton Road Chesterton. How many would you like me to reserve for?
I only need the phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223568988 and the postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else you would like for me to do?
Is Milton Road Chesterton the full address for Hakka?  I also need a train to cambridge.|Yes, that's the full address. For the train, where are you coming from and on what day and time?
I need to go from stevenage to cambridge on Friday, leaving after 8:00.|There are 8 trains the closest one to 8:00 leaves at 9:54, would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you place a booking for 6 people on that train and provide a reference number?|Yes, you're all set on TR0601 at 11:54 with reference number CXZ3WY2N. The total fee of 76.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Great thank you very much that should be all|Thank You. Have a good day, goodbye.
Hello! I'm looking for a train. Can you help?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day will you be departing?
I'll be leaving Leicester on Wednesday and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|Train TR2052 leaves Cambridge at 19:09 and arrives in Leicester at 20:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, please book that train for 5 people.|Your booking went great! Here is your reference number XGBQHC6Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, preferably somewhere with free wifi.  Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I can help with that. Are you staying at in a specific area of town and do you have a price range in mind?
I ned it to be a hotel in the west please.|I would recommend the 4 star Hungtington Marriott Hotel. It does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Hi can you help me to book a train from london liverpool street?|I certainly can! I'll need to know your destination, day of travel, and what time you want to leave or arrive by, so I can find a suitable train, OK?
I'll be traveling on Sunday. I'm going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|TR2357 leaves London Liverpool Street at 7:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 9:07.  Would this work or do you need another time frame?
How long is the travel time?|The travel time will be 88 minutes.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you.  I need information on a attraction called scott polar museum.|Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Do you need additional information?
Entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number please.|01223336540	It is a museum in the center.  It is free to get in.
Thank you that's all I need today.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.
you too have a wonderful day.|Bye bye.
Hi, can you help me find a train?  I'm in the planning stages of a trip there.|Absolutely! Do you know which train station you would like to use?
Not really but I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There are hourly trains Friday morning, you could take the TR5408 leaving at 7AM, arriving at 9:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Does that work?
No. I need the train on a thursday and it has to arrive by 13:45. Can you give me the departure time, price, and travel time for that train?|I have TR2102 that leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 12:44. The ticket price is 75.10 pounds. And the travel time is 163 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, do you have any suggestions of places to go in the centre?|sure! do you like museums?
Yes, I enjoy going to museums. Can you recommend one?|I've heard good things about the Primavera. And there is no entrance fee, so that's a bonus!
That sounds great.  Can you please provide me with the phone number and postcode.|Absolutely.  The phone number is 01223357708 and the postcode is cb21sj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today have a nice day.|Thanks for using our service today!
I need to book a train|Where will the train depart from?
It will depart from Cambridge on Tuesday.|I have several for Tuesday. What time were you looking for?
I need to get to Ely by 19:00|TR7733 is the last train of the day and can get you there by 18:07, would you like me to book you?
No I need to know the departure time for that ride.|Train TR7733 departs at 17:50. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an Indian restaurant in the west area also please.|How about tandoori palace?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Actually, tandoori palace is in the expensive price range. The only moderately priced indian restaurant in the west is meghna.
I'd like a booking for Meghna for 5 people at 10:45 on the same day, please. And include the reference number.|Ok, the booking is made. your reference number is E0OZR9AH.
Thank you. My visit is set with your help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the centre please.|There are several nice expensive restaurants in the centre area.  Is there a particular food type that interests you most?
I don't have a preference. I need a table booked for six people at 13:45 on Thursday, though.|I am sorry none of the listings have tables available for that time, is there another time that will work?
How about 12:45 instead?|Sure. Kymmoy, a good Asian Oriental restaurant has space. You are reserved and your reference number is L7HRCY1K. Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after 21:45.|I can help you with that. What is your destination?
It is stansted airport.|How about the 22:40 train? It gets in at 23:08. Does that work?
Yes I need the price also.|10.10 pounds, and it's TR3864
Thank you. That is all for now.|Are you certain I can't help with anything else right now?
No, that is all I need, thank you.|Thank you so much for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay on the north side of Cambridge.|I found 11 guesthouses matching your preferences.  Do you have a star rating you'd prefer?
4 stars, please, but still just moderately priced.|I have 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. Do you have any other preferences?
One with free parking would be great!|There are 6 guesthouses that match your criteria. If you give me your length of stay and beginning date perhaps I can narrow them down for you.
Great can I get the address of one and whether or not they have free parking?|Arbury Lodge at 82 Arbury Road has free parking.
Thank you.  Can you tell me if there is a train going to Norwich on Friday?|I have 19 trains departing for Norwich on Friday. Do you have a preferred departure time?
Yes, after 19:45 and departing from cambridge please.|Okay, the TR4885 train leaves at 20:36 and arrives by 21:55. Would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will work. Can you tell me the price, travel time and confirm the arrival time please?|My apologies, the train ID is actually TR4886, it costs 17.60 pounds per ticket and is a 79 minute trip. The train arrives at 21:55.
Okay, thank you for your help!|You are welcome, what else can I do for you today?
Nope, that's everything. You've been very helpful.|Thank you very much! I am glad i was able to you find everything you needed. Have a wonderful day and I hope you'll use our service again.
I need a train leaving on Saturday after 5:30 pm|What is your departure site and destination?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.|Just to clarify, you want to leave after 05:30 (am), or 17:30 (5:30 pm)?
After 17:30 please|There is a train that leaves at 17:54.
The train should go to Cambridge and should depart from Stevens. Once you find the train you want to make a booking for 8 people.|There are 4 trains that meet your specifications. They run every two hours. The first one leaves at 17:54 and the last at 23:54. What would you prefer?
I think I would be interested in the 17:54 and I need to book it for 8 people.|Okay TR2442 is booked for 8 people at 17:54 on saturday. It will cost 81.92 GBP in total, and your reference number is CCTYHUU8.
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves north american food, in the expensive range.|gourmet burger kitchen is perfect for you. It is in the center and is in expensive  price range. Could you like a reservation?
Yes. That would be great. Make it for Saturday for 8 people at 20:30.|Table for 8 at Gourmet Burger Kitchen, arriving at 20:30. They can hold your table for up to 15 minutes, only. Your Reference number is : ACOVVEZM.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|Have a good visit.
I would want to find a train going to Cambridge.|Ok.  And where are you leaving from?
The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from ely|Okay, there are 10 trains available. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
it should arrive by 11:15. get me the price|TR2006 is leaving at 11:35 and costs 4.40 pounds.
Thanks, I'm also looking for some places to go in the centre.|There are 44 different attractions in the centre. Can you narrow down your choices?
I think whatever you think is the best place, just choose that. I am not picky.|Perhaps you would enjoy seeing All Saints Church on Jesus Lane?
that sounds lovely, what is their phone number, address and any entrance fee's?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and they are located on Jesus Lane. They do not charge an entrance fee. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that will be it. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the South,|Is there any particular cuisine you have in mind?
Not really. What would you recommend?|Taj Tandoori is a great place for Indian food. Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet. May I have Taj Tandoori's address, postcode, and phone number, please?|Okay, sure. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The post code is cb17aa, and the phone number is 01223412299. Do you need anything else?
Yes!  Can you help book train tickets?|I sure can, which stations will you be traveling between?
I'm going to be headed to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street on Monday.|There are trains every hour starting at 05:40. Travel time is 163 minutes. Is there a time you want to depart or arrive by? How many people are traveling?
I's like to depart after 16:15.  I just need information, not a booking.|What information do you want in particular?
I need the train Id.|I have a 16:40 departure and the train ID is TR5349.
What time will it arrive?|It will arrive in Cambridge at 19:23.
I'm not good at maths so please give me the total travel time too.|No problem. The travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.|Okay great I am glad I could assist you today.
Thank you so much. Goodbye.|Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Hello, I'm trying to take a train on Wednesday that leaves from Broxbourne. Can you help me book a ticket?|Sure I can help you with that. I have train TR0788 leaving at 05:32 and will arrive to cambridge at 06:32.
I really need one that leaves after 11:00.|I have 13, is there a time youd like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, as long as I can book it for 6 people. I will need the reference number please.|Success! TR5953 departs at 11:32 and arrives 12:32. Your reference number is EQCLFB3Q.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant.|Sure, which part of town are you interested in eating at?
I'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. Got any reco on Chinese places?|We have four: HK Fusion, Sesame Restaurant and Bar, Ugly Duckling, and Tang Chinese.
Pick one for me. Book it for the same group of people at 18:45 on the same day.|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at any of those restaurants.  Would you like to try another time?
Are any of those expensive?|They are all expensive. Would you like to try an early time?
Try it for 18:45 on the same day Wednesday, and please give me the reference number. It will be for 6 people.|I have booked a reservation at HK Fusion. Your reference number is XO4S9CL7. Do you need anything else?
That should be it. Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge, a type of a boat.|There are 4 boats in the area. What part of the city would you like to visit?
I'll take what ever you have first, but I'll need the entrance fee please.|The system is not saying whether there is an entrance fee for the boats. I can provide phone numbers if you would like to call them.
Thank you, I also need a train going to stevenage and arrive by 11:00|There are 21 trains heading to stevenage what town will you be departing from?
I will be departing from 3 towns over.|You can depart from Cambridge, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday please.|You can depart on Monday at 05:21, how does that sound?
Pets on the gray please make the booking for one person and give me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U108YPRI.
Awesome. That will be everything!|Great! Thank you for using our service today. Have a nice day.
You too, thanks.|We hope to see you again.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 20:00|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be heading in from Leicester on Thursday.|Okay, TR0363 departs at 09:09. Would you like me to do book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|How many tickets will you need?
I just want to know the price of the ticket.|The price is 37.80 pounds per ticket
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. It doesn't need to have free wifi.|Did you have a price range in mind?
No, it doesn't matter.|what is the price range?
Cheap price range and free wifi|I have the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane it meets all your specifications. Would you like reservations?
No thanks, just needed the address. That's all for today thank you!|Well, then you have a nice day!
I am looking for a train that's going to Cambridge arriving by 16:30.|I have several trains that fit. Where are you departing?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street on Sunday.|I have one leaving at 13:39 and arrive by 15:07. Would you like that one?
What is the travel time on that?|The travel time for that route is 88 minutes. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes please. I am also looking for a college type attraction in town.|Would you like christ's college it hs free entrance fee.
Sure. What time is is open?|I do not have information on open and close times but here is the phone number if you would like to find out,01223334900.
Great. Thanks for the information.|It will be located in the city centre.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge  looking for a train.|Where are you coming from for your visit?
I am leaving Bishops Stortford.|I have the system up but still need the date and time.
I would like to leave after 18:00|The TR9891 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please for 1 person.|You have a seat reserved on TR9891, reference #6K7A74SN. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book me a table at nandos city centre for 21:00 and give me a ref number|I'd be happy to. Please confirm the day you would like the reservation.
Saturday please.|You are now booked for Saturday at Nandos City Centre.  Your reference number is RMJ6DTL. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it for today thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
I'm hoping to book a train.|Where and when are you departing from?
I'm going to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday.  Thank you.|great, what is your preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by 20:15.|The first train leaves at 5:50.
Do you have something that leaves later but still makes the arrival time?|There's a train that arrives at 20:07. If you don't want to cut it that close, there's an earlier train that arrives at 18:07.
Give me the arrival time and train ID of the earlier train. Also find me a cheap restaurant that serves north american food if available or Indian food.|The arrival time of the TR5389 is 18:07. There are four restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, any you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for the same day, at 15:30, and it will just be me.|I booked you a table at kohinoor! Here is your reference number ZTGXVBXU. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Have a good day as well. Bye.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. Can you help me with that?|You're in luck, I have 9 guest houses available in the cheaper price range. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Does not matter but I do need free wifi and and a star of 0.|There are two guesthouses that meet your needs: city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre. Would you like to book one of these?
North B and B sounds nice. Could you book this for me?|How many people are in your party and when will you be staying?
There will be four people.|And how many nights will you be staying? And what day are you arriving?
I'll be arriving on Saturday and staying 3 nights.|Your reference number is IREQ1EKT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train. It should leave Bishops stortford after 12:15, going to cambridge on saturday.|The first train after 12:15 is TR5108 which leaves at 13:29, does that work for you?
Sounds perfect. Please book me enough tickets for the same group of people. Thanks|Your train tickets are all booked! Your reference number is KOOYDYFY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we increase the amount of people to 8?|No problem, the fee is 64.64 and reference number is B5JCS4TL.
I think that is it, got bookings for hotel and train.|Would you like me to look up anything else for you today?
Nope. That's all. Bye, thanks.|Thanks for calling Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a restaurant in the centre of town.|I can book you a table at J restaurant.
I would like a restaurant that also serves indian food please.|There are 9 results. Is there a certain price range you are wanting?
Do you have a recommendation?|The Curry Garden is delicious but it is also expensive.
Great book for 2 on friday at 13:30. I need the reference number.  I need to get train tickets too then|I was able to book you at the restaurant.  The Reference number is : JWD13X11.
Great. Could you also help me with a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. I need to leave after 19:45 on Sunday.|There are four trains leaving kings lynn after 19:45. They leave hourly starting at 20:11 until 23:11. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes I need a booking for 2 people.  Please book the one leaving at 20:11.|Train TR1120, departing Kings Lynn at 20:11 has been booked for 2 seats. Your reference number is O5BX1Y1G.
I'm so sorry, I misspoke, I need the train on Saturday. Is it possible to change the reservation?|The train is for Saturday you are all set
Oh ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I think we've covered it all.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on tuesday?|Where are you departing from and what is your departure time?
I'll be departing Bishops Stortford. My departure time is flexible, but I need to arrive by 16:30.|The Bishops Stortford to Cambridge at 15:29 is scheduled to arrive at 16:07. The one before that is two hours earlier.
Could you give me the price and train ID for that one please?|TR1392. 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for places to go in town centre. I'm interested in entertainment. Can you suggest a place to go?|There are many attractions do you want a church,or park or water slide ?
I was looking for entertainment, but if there is nothing how about a college?|I think i can get for you anything else
I'm looking for an entertaining place to go this evening in the Cambridge area, please.|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Can I narrow your search by area and/or type?
How about a theatre in the centre? I will need an address and phone number too please.|I recommend the mumford theatre, their phone number is 08451962320 and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train going to kings lynn leaving after 15:45 please|I can book your tickets for Friday. The train leaves at 16:11. Would that be alright?
Is it possible to change Friday to Saturday instead?|Absolutely. TR8364 will depart cambridge for kings lynn at 16:11 on Saturday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, and please be sure to give me the ID.|The train ID is TR8364. How many tickets do you need?
Just one ticket, please.|Great, your booking was successful. Your reference number is GKBADV9A. You will need to pay 7.84 GBP at the station.
Thanks - that's all I need today! I appreciate your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a train from cambridge to london kings cross.|I see several options, all leaving on Friday. Is there a time you prefer to leave at?
I need to leave after 17:45 on tuesday|There are 3 trains that match your request. They leave at 19:00, 21:00, and 23:00 respectively. Would you like to buy a ticket for one of these?
I'll take the earliest train. I need two tickets and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0KAR945K. Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre|I have several restaurants located in the centre, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm open to restaurant suggestions. What sounds interesting?|I have 5 restaurant, choices of food are african, asian oriental and british. Which of the  restaurant you?
African sounds good. Can you make a reservation for two for the last seating?|I sure can but in order for me to make a reservation for you at bedouin for some yummy african food, I need a precise time and day
Actually...can you just shoot me the address?|Sure, the address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you that will be all. Goodbye|You're welcome, have a nice day!
I would like to find a train that is leaving Cambridge on Monday.|I can assist you. What is your destination and departure time?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross and need to leave after 17:15.|I have a train leaving Cambridge for London Kings Cross Monday at 19:00, would you like me to book it?
I need the arrival time and price|The ticket will coat 23.60 pounds and it will arrive at 19:51.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Alright. Goodbye now. Thank you!
I am looking for information in Cambridge. looking for a place to dine.|Do you have a particular area and food type or price range in mind?
I want somewhere expensive in the north|We have five restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer Chinese, French, European or Asian Oriental food?
I would prefer French.|restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant in the north part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you please book a reservation for me? We need a table for 8 at 12:00 on Wednesday.|Yes your reservation number is 1YR1NTHK.
Great, thanks. I also need to find a train to Stevenage.|I can help what day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|No but would you like to try another location ?
I need a train, going to Stevenage on Thursday and it needs to leave after 12:45.|There are five trains that leave after 12:45. Do you have a time in mind that you would like to leave at?
Please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after 12:45 on Thursday.|Alright, I booked it and your reference is BIL1S6PI. Anything else I can do?
Thanks for your help, that will be all.|You are very welcome! Goodbye now!
I need to leave Cambridge on Sunday by train.|The first train to leave Cambridge departs at 5:00, and goes to London kings cross.
That will be fine I guess.  It will arrive by 19:15, I'm sure?|TR2045 will arrive closer to that time, it arrives at 18:58. Would you like tickets for that one instead?
Yes, let's go ahead and book that.|My apologies, I believe there was an error in the database lookup. TR2045 is not available but TR3353 arrives at 17:51 on Sunday. Shall we book that instead?
Yes, please give me travel time and departure time, please.|Certainly. The departure time is 17:00 and the travel time is 51 minutes. I have booked your ticket. The reference number is BJJ3GXMX. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need, thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
Thanks for your help bye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
Can I get a train to Cambridge on Friday?|There is a depature at london kings cross at 7:17 am.
Actually, I need to depart from leicester after 12:15.|Yes, there is a train that departs at 13:09, arriving in Cambridge at 14:54. Would that work for you?
Yes. Could you give me the Train ID?|The train ID for that one is TR4625.  Can I help you with more?
I need to find a cheap modern European restaurant.|There is a restaurant called the river bar steakhouse and grill that fits that criteria. It is located in the city centre.
Can I please have the phone number and postcode?|The phone number is 01223307030 and the postcode is cb58aq.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all.  Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Travel safely!
Hi, could you find me a guesthouse that includes wifi?|Sure, what area of town are you interested in?
The area isn't important but we also need free parking.|I have 21 guesthouse. Is there a certain area or pricerange you would prefer?
That one sounds good.  Can I book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting Saturday?|I was able to book acorn guest house, reference number is SM1GU7E5
Thanks. Sound like a great place. Can you help me with a train to peterborough.|What day are you wanting to go? Is there a certain arrival or departure time you're looking for?
I want to leave Cambridge on Monday after 13:15.|The first train leaving after 13:15 is the TR3066, departing Cambridge at 13:34, arriving Peterborough at 14:24. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train, or keep looking?
yes. please reserve seats for 8 people|I was able to book 8 train tickets for you at the price of 132 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 66HG2U6U.
Thanks so much. Thats all I need.|Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.
IM looking for a train that arrives by 9:15 and leaves Tuesday|What will be your departure location and destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and am going to stansted airport.|What time would you like to depart?
departure time does not matter as long as it arrives by 9:15.  Can you give me the travel time and price please?|The earliest is the TR1656 which leaves at 05:40, arriving at 06:08. Travel time on that is 28 minutes, and the price is 10.10 pounds. What else can I help with?
I'd like to visit a theatre in the east part of town.|There are unfortunately no theaters located in the east. Would you like me to try something else?
What about a park?|There is one park, Cherry Hinton Water Play. The address is Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Admission is free. Is there anything else I can do?
No, that is exactly what I was looking for.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a train going to Kings Lynn on Monday.|I have 19 different options. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
I would definitely like to arrive by 14:45 at the latest.|There are 9 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on departure time?
No. I just need to arrive by 14:45. I would also like the price.|I have train TR0793 that departs at 13:11 and will get you there by 13:58. Do you think that would work? Oh, and the price is 9.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes parking|There are 29 options available.  What area of town do you prefer and what is your price range?
I would like one in the expensive price range and needs to include free parking.|I would recommend the Gonville Hotel.  It is in the centre of town and is an expensive offering with free parking.
Does it have a 4-star rating by chance?|No, Gonville has a 3 star rating.  Can I help you make a booking there or would you like more options?
Are there any 1 star hotels meeting those requirements?|No there are only 3 and 4 star. Would you like one of those or would you like to keep looking?
I guess the 4 star would be better. They have internet, right?|University arms hotel is a 4 star hotel with internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, just the phone number if you have it.|Of course! The phone number is 01223351241. May I help with anything else?
No that is everything. I need thank you for your help!|Enjoy your stay. Goodbye
I want a train going to cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|Where are you departing from? Do you prefer a specific time?
I am leaving ely and need to arrive by 09:30.|I have train TR8685 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52.  Would you like reservations?
I think I will buy my ticket at the station.  So that is only a 17 minute trip?|That's correct, it only takes 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to see a college in the west.|There are 5 different colleges in the west. If I do say so myself, the Magdalene College is really great. They also offer free entrance.
That is perfect. Can I get the address for Magdalene College, please?|Absolutely! The address is magdalene street and postcode is cb30ag. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all. Thank you!|Well, I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!
I would like a mexican restaurant in west.|Unfortunately there are no mexican restaurants in the west. Would you look to try a different area?
Ok can we try to find a expensive Singaporean restaurant in the east?|I'm so sorry, there is nothing like that either.
Ok. What about Chinese?|I have yu garden located in the east and is expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes that would be fine I need reservation sfor 5 people at 16:45 on saturday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is RQLJFIDQ.
I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge arriving by 13:45 at standsted airport.|The train on Friday leaves at 9:40 from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  It's a 28 minute trip at 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book this?
Not at this time. But thank you for the informtion.|Glad I could help and goodbye
Can you please find a train that leaves on Sunday from Cabridge and goes to stansted airport.|I have one that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 on Sunday. Would like me to book this?
That would be great! Can you book 5 tickets on the 13:08 arrival train please? And then I'll need the reference number|Sure. It will cost you 40.4 GPB. Your reference number is WB1JNS4M.
Thank you very much. That's it now. Bye|Let us know if you need help anytime soon. Have a great day.
Please help me book a train from Cambridge to Stanstead Airport.|When are you planning to travel?
Monday. I need to leave after 18:15|The earliest train after that time is TR7696 that leaves at 18:40 and arrives at the airport by 19:08. Would that work? Or, I have later trains.
Yes, the 18:40 would work, how much does it cost?|The price per ticket is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to go ahead and book it for you? If so, for how many tickets?
That's OK, no thank you. Are there any nightclubs in town?|Yes there's 6 in the centre and 1 in the south.
What's the postcode for the one in the south?|The nightclub called the Place is located at the postcode cb23hg.
Yes, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that is all.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. Any places to stay?|We have many hotels that fit your needs, is there a specific area you're looking at?
something that has free wifi|Acorn guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book your stay?
Do they have free parking? What area is it located?|It's in the north area and they do have parking.
Excellent. I also need a train to ely.|Are you sure you don't need me to book your hotel for you?
Can you help with transit information?  I need to go to ely by train on Sunday and need to arrive by 09:00 departing cambridge.|We have TR2475 that leaves cambridge at 07:50 and arrives ely by 08:07.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds perfect.  Can you purchase 7 tickets for me please?|That has been booked. Reference number is : FSUGM4NQ.
Thanks, that's all i need!|No problem. Good bye!
I'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge  and leaves on friday.  Any ideas?|From what station will you be departing?
I'd like to leave from london kings cross.|There are 10 trains travelling from London kings cross to Cambridge Friday, what time would you like to leave/arrive?
I need to leave after 14:45. I would like the arrival time and travel time for this journey as well.|TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive 51 minutes later at 16:08. Do you want to make a reservation?
yes. also find a  hotel in the north and should be a 4 star|Let's take care of the reservation first. How many seats should I book?
I don't need a reservations right now.   I do need information on a hotel that has 4 stars in the north in the moderate price range.|There are 2 that fit your criteria, Ashley hotel comes highly recommended.  Shall I book you a room?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Certainly. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights?
Please book for 3 people and for 4 nights starting Friday. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4SQR2CJB. Anything else I can help with?
No that is it. Thanks!|Okay, great! Have a wonderful day.
I need help finding Williams Art and Antiques in Cambridge.|Sure, they are at Gwydir St, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Phone number is: 01223311687 & postcode is cb12lj. It is a museum and entrance fee is free!
That's great! May I also have the area that Williams Art and Antiques is in?|It is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train to broxbourne on thursday.|Alright, I have nineteen different trains going to Broxbourne on Thursday. Is there any specific time you want to leave or arrive by?
It needs to be anytime after 15:30.|I have a train leaving at 16:01 and arriving by 17:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please I need that for 4 people and can I get the reference number too?|Booking was successful for TR9531, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 6X1C0PQL. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great that's all that I should need, thank you!|You are welcome! Have a good day.
Will I be able to get out of Cambridge by train on Thursday?|Did you have a destination in mind?
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by 10:30|TR125 leaves at 9:01 and arrives by 10:01, would you like to book this one?
Yes please book it for  8 people.|I apologize - that is TR2125. I have booked it for 8 people. Your reference number is  A2J4EAIR.
I need a place to stay as well. Preferably a 4 star hotel.|There are three hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further or would you like a recommendation?
I would like a hotel, not a guest house. Are any of those actual hotels?|yes, when were you planning your stay?
I haven't decided yet but I would love a hotel that offers free wifi, not worried about parking though|All three ofter wi-fi. Two are in the west, one is in the centre. Two are expensive, one is cheap. Do you have a preference in those regards?
Ill take either of the expensive ones. Pick whichever sounds better to you|I have the university Arms hotel available that meets all of your requests, what dates would you like me to book for you?
Can I just have the address and postcode?|The address is regent street and the post code is cb21ad.
Thanks, and which part of town was this one in?|It's in the Centre part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Great.  That is all.|Thank you, have a great day!
I'm looking for information on parks in Cambridge.|I have about 5 different parks available. Is there an area of the city you would prefer?
No preference really. Can you suggest one and provide me with the address please?|I recommend the Milton Country Park at milton country park, milton.
Thanks, what is the address?|The address is milton country park, milton. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes I am looking for a train on Saturday from Kings Lynn to Cambridge, departing after 21:15.|What day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving Saturday. I need a price and arrival time, please.|I would suggest Train ID TR8331 which leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11.  The price is 7.84 pounds and the duration is 47 minutes.
That's all I need. Thanks!|Your train was booked, this is the reference number : S8DQMEDD.  Have a great day!
I need to find a train that is going to arrive in stevenage by 11:45.|The latest train arriving in Stevenage is for 10:10 and there are several: TR6334, TR8290, TR7542.
Which one would you like to book?|That's all up to you!
book TR6334 and get me the train ID please|TR6334 is the train ID, would you like to book a seat?
Yes, book one for me please. And please make sure this is for Sunday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 92RW4C6C.
I didn't need to book a seat, I just needed a train ID number.|As mentioned before the train number is TR6334, you did ask me to book.   One more time, what exactly did you need?
Sorry about the confusion, I just need a train from Steveage to Cambridge that arrives by 11:45. I just need the train ID.|TR2860 arrives at 10:43.
Thank you that was everything. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Are you looking for a place to stay, to eat, or a attraction to visit?
I would like to go to a museum the area doesn't matter.|We have many museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer one with a free entrance fee?
Which is your favorite, and what area is it in?|I like byard art. It's located in the south.
Sounds good. I am also looking for a train for tuesday.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  Can you tell me where you're leaving from and your preferred travel times?
I'll be going to cambridge from stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by 09:30.|The first train leaves at 5:24.
Ok, that will work out.  Can I have the train ID # please?  Thanks so much|The train ID is TR9892.
I think that should be it for today. Thank you so much for all of your help, you've been very kind!|Your welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.|What type of food are you interested in having?
I'm open to anything. I need a booking for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday. Give me the reference number please.|You have a reservation for 5 at the Asian restaurant, Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City Centre for 12:00 on Wednesday, reference number CL644V0R. Anything else I can assist with?
Thank you very much, yes, I also need to book a train ticket. I'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by 09:45 if possible.|I have 84 train departures with this criteria. Where are you departing from or where is your destination?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn. Any train that gets me there close to the arrival time will be fine.|I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn on Wednesday at 08:11 and arrives at 08:58.  Will this work for you?
That works perfectly. Please make the booking for five people, and include my reference number, thank you.|Great it's all booked your reference number is 5X6H64MG.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day!|You are very welcome! Before we end the conversation, did you need any other assistance?
Nope that should do it|Alright. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Yes I am looking for colleges in town to go visit|In which area of town would you prefer?
I don't really have a preference.  Can you suggest a college and give me the postcode for it?|Sure, Clare College on Trinity Lane, postcode cb21tl, is very nice.  Can I help you find anything else today?
Yes, I need a train as well. It needs to leave Cambridge on Sunday.|Where should it be going?
I'm sorry, It needs to depart from leicester and go to cambridge.|Trains leave leicester on the :09 every hour, starting at 5:09 in the morning. What time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 15:30.|TR0104 would get you to Cambridge by 14:54, would you like me to book you passage?
Actually, that's ok. I will do that later. But can you please let me know what the travel time is?|The travel time is 105 minutes.
That's all I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting us, have an amazing day!
I need a train that goes from Broxbourne to Cambridge please.|What is your departure day and time?
I need to depart on Thursday and arrive by 08:30. I do not care when I depart.|TR5725 leaves at 0632 and arrives at 0732.  Would you like me to book?
Yes, Thank you.|I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  May I have the reference number for that?  I would also like information for visiting a park in the town center.|I've booked the train. Your reference number is DQL62WQR. There is one park in the centre - the cambridge university botanic gardens. What information are you interested in?
I would like the postcode, address and a phone number, please.|Postcode is cb21jf, address is bateman street, and phone number is 01223336265. Thank you
amazing, thank you!|Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, looks like I have everything I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Enjoy your trip and please do not hesitate to give me a call if you need further assistance.
Yes,  please help me book a train to stansted airport.|Of course, from where will you be departing?
cambridge, any time after 15:45 on monday|The first train in the time frame you mentioned is the TR1088 from cambridge to stansted airport on monday at 16:40. Shall I book that for you?
Can you tell me the arrival time of that train?|The arrival time is 17:08.
That works for me. Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?  Do you need a reservation for that train?
No that would be all thank you very much.|Thank you. Have an enjoyable trip.
Hey there, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Saturday|sure, what are your travel times?
I will be leaving after 20:45.|There are 35 trains that match your request. To better help you, I'll need to know where you'll be departing from and what time you want to arrive by.
Oh sillly me! I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford. Doesn't matter what time I arrive, just can't leave until 20:45|Okay I have a train that departs at 21:29. Shall I book it for you?
book for 5 people and get me reference number|Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is ML7ZBHM1. Your total fee is 40.4 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Great I'm also looking for an attraction called kings hedges learner pool.|Yes the pool is located i the north and their phone number is 01223353248 and their address is Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Is there an entrance fee?|I do not have that information, unfortunately. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, I think you've covered everything.  Thank you so much for all your information.|You are welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye
I need a restaurant serving swiss food in the centre of town.|There are no Swiss food serving restaurants in that part of town, is there another type of restaurant in that area I can help you locate?
How about Chinese instead?|There are 10 restaurants that serve Chinese in this area. Did you have price range?
Price range doesn't matter. Can I have the address of a place that sounds good?|My personal favorite would have to be the ugly duckling. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street, City Centre, postcode cb21tw. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I also need a train that departs from Ely on Wednesday.|There is a train that leaves Ely every two hours starting at 05:35.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:30, so whatever arrives closest to that time would be great.|The train arriving closest to 17:30 in Cambridge Wednesday is TR2211, which arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book a seat?
What is the price?|The price of that will be 4.40 pounds.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please. Can you provide me with the ticket information?|How many tickets will you need?
I just need 1 ticket please.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is PZ1ED5GM.
Awesome. That will be everything!|Great. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that leaves cambridge after 20:30|Where would you like the train to take you?
I want to go to Leicester.|TR3466 leaves at 22:21 would that work for you?
Yes, that will work fine. Will you please book it for 3 people and also provide the reference number?|Your reservation is confirmed for 3 people on Train ID TR3466. Your reference number is TB112VJL. Total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to dine that serves venetian food.|I'm afraid we don't have any venetian restaurants in town. Is there something else that would work for you?
Can you recommend a place that services spanish food?|La raza is located in ctre and serves spanish food.
Great. Thanks for all your help.|I hope you enjoy your train trip.
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|There are 14 hotels for you to choose from. Is there a particular part of town you want to stay in?
No preference on the area, but I would like it to be a guesthouse, please.|I can book you at the acorn guesthouse if you would like! How many people will be joining you, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights from friday.|I was able to book your party of 3 into Acorn Guest House for 5 nights starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is F2T8JUVW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Friday leaving from Peterborough to Cambridge.|There are 38 trains traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge on Friday. Is there a particular time frame you are needing?
Yeah, could it leave after 21:30?|Sure! TR4017 leaves at 21:48 and arrives by 22:38. Would that work for you?
Yes, could you please book it for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Q2D4MZMU. Can I be of any further assistance today?
I believe that is all I needed. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Can I get some information on a train?|Yes. Is there something specific you are looking for?
I'd like a train to depart at 9:30 in Cambridge.|i recommend TR1006.  it goes to london kings cross and costs 19. 51. can we book?
how long is that train ride?|It is 51 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No but I do need help finding a particular hotel called the Gonville HOtel.|Gonville Hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre of town with free internet and parking. Would you like more information or to book it?
I'd like to book it. Can you book it starting Sunday night for 5 nights. I need reservations for 6 people.|Ok, booking was successful! Your reference number is 5X759ZBR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You took care of everything, thank you so much.|You are very welcome.
Can you find me a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?|I have found the Meze Bar Restaurant located in centre area. Can I book this for you?
No. That's okay. Thank you. What is some other information on this location?|They are located in the centre of town, their postcode is cb13nf, and they are located at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you for that information I should have everything I need now.|Are you sure I can't help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge.|There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
Sure, wednesday I would like to leave after 14:45 please.|I have 9 trains that leave every hour and the first one is at 15:40.  Would you like me to book you the 15:40 train?
Yes but can you make a booking for 6 people? I would like a reference number too.|Booking was successful for TR5567, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 4ARZYTLC. Is there anything else you need help with?
Nope that should be it thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4ARZYTLC.
I want to eat. I am looking for a Jamaican restaurant with a moderate price range please.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced Jamaican restaurants. What about a different food type?
I would really prefer Jamaican. Are there any in the centre part of town?|Unfortunately there is none there as well. Can I broaden your search further?
Okay, well how about one that serves modern European food in that area?|I have two modern european restaurants in the centre.  Would you like to book at de luca cucina and bar?
Yes, that would be great and can you give me the postcode and their address please?|The address is 83 Regent Street, postcode cb21aw. What day and time would you like to book?
I will take care of that myself. Could you find me a train going to norwich arriving by 12:45?|I'll be happy to help. I need to know the day and your departure site, please?
I leave on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge.|TR9635 will depart cambridge at 10:36 on wednesday and arrive in norwich at 11:55. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Please book that train.|Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like to book a total of 6 tickets. And can I please get the reference number.|I was able to successfully book your tickets for train TR9635. Your reference number is 6144V7BE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much for your help.|Certainly! Have a nice day and contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!
I'm looking to book a place to stay while in town.  I want the hotel to be fairly expensive and near the centre.  Can you give some suggestions?|I have 2 wonderful hotels in that area. Both offer free internet and parking. I have the Gonville Hotel and the University Arms Hotel. How do these sound?
Is one of them a guesthouse?|No, they are both hotel types.
I really need a guesthouse can you find one for me please?|Would you like me to try to search in a different area for a guesthouse for you?
No, I'd like one in the centre.  I could change it to a cheaper price though.|There is none under that criteria,do you want to try a different area
I need a train for London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|OKay, what day and time are you looking to leave?
I want to leave Saturday after 10:45.|i recommend TR7223. can i book?
yeah, i need seven tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.16 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 26VNGN0I. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you find a place to in the centre?|The Williams Art and Antiques museum is located in the center. Would you like more information about this attraction?
Yes, I'd like to know the address, please.|Sure thing its on trinity street.
Alright that helped, thanks for your time. That's alls I needed to know.|It's been a pleasure. Good day.
I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross|Sure.  Where are you going?
I would like to go to Cambridge, after 11:15|Okay, and what day do you want to make the trip?
I want to leave on Monday.|Great, TR5720 from london kings cross to cambridge leaves monday at 11:17. Can I book this for you?
Actually, can I have the price, and the travel time please?|The cost is 23.60 pounds and the trip will take 51 minutes.
Great that's all the info I need, thank you for your help today.|Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge. I'd like Mediterranean food.|I have three different ones. I have two expensive ones and one that is rather cheap. Do you have a preference?
I want the expensive one. Can you give me some information on them?|There is La Mimosa on Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton as well as Shiraz Restaurant at 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
La Mimosa sounds interesting. That's all I needed. Thanks!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train that will be leaving anytime after 16:45 going to cambridge, please.|What destination and what day?
The destination is Cambridge and I'd like it on Monday.|There are 77 trains. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Birmingham New Street.|I have a train leaving at 17:40 from birmingham new street to cambridge. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and can you give me the travel time, arrival time, and train ID?|The train we're looking at is TR3130. It arrives at 20:23	so the travel time is 163 minutes. How many seats do you need?
You've given me all the information I need. Thanks. Have a nice day.|My pleasure! Please call us back if we could help you with anything else.
I am looking for somwhere to go in the centre.|Are you looking for an attraction or a restaurant?
I'm looking for multiple sports in the centre please.|Unfortunately, I don't have any listings for centre.  How about in the east area?
Do you have any type of museums in the centre? If you do, I need the phone number, too.|I have about 11 different museums. Might I suggest the Primavera. It has a large variety of excellent exhibits. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great! Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely!  The phone number for Primavera is 01223357708.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train to arrive in Cambridge by 13:00.|OK, where from? And what day are you traveling?
I need the train for 8 people leaving from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge before 13:00.  Once you have the booking, can you send me the reference number?|On what day did you need the train?
I would need the train on Friday.|There is a train that leaves at 05:19. The ID is TR1662. Would you like me to book at ticket for you?
Yes, for 8 people. I will need a reference number, thanks!|I got 8 tickets for you the reference number is TJTTPUV3. 132 GBP is the total and can be paid at the station when you get there. Anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need a guesthouse, free parking included.|ok, the acorn guesthouse is a great place. Located in the north and is moderately priced. They offer free parking and internet.
Is there any other guesthouses that don't have internet included?|No, unfortunately there are no guest houses that offer free parking but do not offer free internet.
Okay, what about one that does have internet?|I think your best bet is Acorn Guest House.  They fulfill your need for free parking and are in the north.
How many stars does the Acorn Guest House have?|The Acorn Guest House is rated 4 stars.
What is the address of the Acorn?|Acrorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15.|TR2420 train leaves at 15:00, may I book this for you?
Could you please book that train for 5 people and give me the reference number.|Sure thing, Reference number is : A4C2KF23. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.|Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.|Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.|We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I want a train departing from Cambridge, going to Ely. Saturday, arrival by 21:45.|The TR7349 train arrives at ely at 20:07. Would you like to book it or more information?
That's a good time. Please book TR7349 for 5 people, please.|All set! 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : H8XDA6RZ.
I am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 4 stars.|That leaves about 8 places to choose from. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yes, i need a guesthouse in the east please.|Okay! How about the Allenbell? It's cheap, 4-star, and has internet and parking!
Great! May I please have the phone number and postcode?|Postcode is cb13js, phone number is 01223210353, anything else that I can help with?
I got it.Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, could you help me with information on a train?|Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 15:45.|Great I have  tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.|the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?|Do you have a area of town you prefer?
East part of town please|There are three to choose from that are on the East part of town. They are all in the cheap price range. Should I recommend one?
Could you try to book me into one starting Wednesday?|How many nights will you be staying?
There will be three of us checking in on Wednesday and staying for two nights.|I have you booked at the Autumn House, and your reference number is 8CCY0VK0. Do you need the address or phone number?
Not at this time.  Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks.  That's all for today.|Have a great day and enjoy your trip.
Can you tell me about any Modern European places in the expensive range?|There is one place, darrys cookhouse and wine shop in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
i'd rather have some place in the south|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the south that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
suggest any and find me their address, postcode and phone number|There's a great Mexican place called the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road. Post code is cb17dy. Phone number is 01223400170.
I also need a train for Sunday that leaves after 17:00.|Certainly, where would you like to depart from? And what is your destination?
I would like to leave after 17:00|how about TR9039? it leaves at 19:00
That's perfect, thanks. I have everything I need for today.|So happy to have been of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Okay! What would you like to know?
I need a train to bishops stortford on Tuesday that can get me there by 19:30.|TR2153 arrives closest to that, it can get you there by 18:07, shall I book you?
Can I get the price for that?|yes that will be 55pounds can I get anything else ?
When does the train leave Bishops Stortford, please?|That train would leave at 17:29.
Okay, thanks. Now could you also help me find a cheap persian restaurant in the centre?|There are no such options available. Shall we try a different food type perhaps?
How about asian oriental?|There are two options, I recommend the dojo noodle bar, shall I book you?
Yes book a table for 6 at 16:00 on Tuesday please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Ummm reference number please.|The reference number is 9TUP5ZI2.
Thank you so much. You have been a great help.|You're welcome. Did you need anything else?
I don't need anything else. Have a great day!|Okay, you have a great day as well!
I need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.|Are you looking to go by train or taxi?
Train leaving cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday anytime after 18:45|We have a train leaving cambridge at 19:40 arriving at stansted airport at 20:08. Should I book seats for you?
No, not at this time. I would like to know the travel time and price, please?|TR2694 leaves at 19:40	and costs 10.10 pounds
Great, thanks.  I also am interested in the People's portraits exhibition at the Girton College, can you tell me more about that?|It's located in the west of town and is free of charge.  Their phone number is 01223338901.  Can I help you with anything else?
Could you tell me if they have an entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for the people's portraits exhibition at girton college
What type of attraction is is?|people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town. Their address is girton college, huntingdon road. Can I help with anything else?
that will be all, thanks!|Happy to be of service - enjoy your day!
Hello, can you tell me about some Asian Oriental restaurants in the centre?|There are several. Would you like a list of all of them, or do you have a preferred price range?
Would you please recommend one?|I recommend j restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9Z2BJHO4
I am will need a train.|Okay, what day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I need to get from ely to cambridge, on that same Friday.|The TR8519 train leaves at 5:35 and arrives at 5:52
make a booking for the same group of people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J71IZZAE. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need reservation for food.|Do you know what kinda of food you want.
No, don't worry about it. I already got a reservation earlier. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I need to take a train on Saturday|I can help you with that. Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm headed to cambridge and the train needs to leave after 9:45.|I have found 149 trains available. Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from stansted airport.  Can you book me a train for 3 people and provide a reference number?|Sure, the train leaves at 10:24, Reference number is MEFVDBWF. What else can I help with today?
I am looking for the Cambridge Book and Print Gallery|The Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum in the west area, located at 49 Newnham Road.
That'll be everything. Thank you!|You are welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.|There are several trains leaving on Sunday. Do you have a departure/destination in mind?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive in standsted airport.|I have 19 trains leaving Cambridge for Standsted on Saturday. Did you have a particular departure time in mind?
I don't have a departure time in stone, but I need to arrive by 17:15.|The TR2001 is the last train of the day and arrives at 17:08. The train before it is TR0638 and arrives at 16:08. Do you want me to book one for you?
Yes, please book the TR0638. I need 7 tickets.|Your tickets are reserved. That reference number is 6J063KBL.
Alright, since I'm going to be in the city centre for awhile, could you tell me of any interesting places there?|There are several beautiful churches near the centre, all well known and valued for their beautiful architectural styles.  Is that something you might be interested in?
What's your favorite one? I trust your judgment - let me know the best one's address, postcode, and attraction type, please.|I would suggest All Saints Church for it's amazing architecture type. It's address is on Jesus Lane with a postcode of cb58bs. Make sure you check out that stained glass!
Wonderful, I am really looking forward to it! That's all I'll need for today!|Have a nice day.
Thankyou, I am looking for a trian that leaves on friday. I am also wanting it to leave after 12:30.|The TR3685 leaves at 13:00.  Need a ticket?
That is going to stevenage, correct?|No it is going to london kings cross, do you need to go to stevenage?
Yes, I must go to Stevenage.  How much is a ticket?|The cost is 12.80 pounds for all trains leaving Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.  Would you like to book a seat?
First tell me about the attractions in town in the west.|What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It should be in the west part of town.|There are about 13 attractions in the west. I have several colleges, museums, and one entertainment attraction. Which would you prefer?
I'm not picky, choose one for me!|How about Churchill College?  Does that sound interesting?
That sounds great. Can you get me the address and the entrance fee?|It is located on storey's way. There is no entrance fee! Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks, I am all set.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel.|It is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
Thank you. Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Thursday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : QBQ6UVZ5.what else can i do for you?
I'm also looking for a train departing Cambridge and arriving at 8:30. Can you help out?|What day will you need the train and where are you traveling to and how many people will be traveling?
We would like to go to peterborough on Friday.|The TR9487 will reach Petersborough at 8:24 on Friday. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Booked it, your ref. # is IOEJEYMY
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you!
Are there any expensive restaurants that are centrally located?|There are many restaurants that meet your criteria, is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
I would like a place that serves Korean food.|Little Seoul is the only Korean restaurant in the center of town, and it is expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
That sounds just delightful! I would like a reservation for two at 20:00 for Friday. And I will need that reference number, please.|Okay you're all ready to go! Your reference number is Y8V4909W. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to book a train to Cambridge that day.|Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:15.|Ok. You are all ready to go. Your reference number is 52BZEK4D. The total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you with that. Are you wanting to come in by train?
I'm actually just looking for places to go in the centre.|Are you looking for a specific type of attraction?
I believe I'd like something in the entertainment area. Is there anything like that?|There are no options in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Is there anything interesting going on near the college?|I don't have information on events only attractions.  Are you interested in visiting a college?
Yes please. I need the phone number of a college that you recommend.|I recommend Clare Hall in the west. Their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else I can help with?
I also need train tickets.|what is your destination and what time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 17:15.|What day will you travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
Oh, silly me! I guess that information would help, wouldn't it? I need to depart from peterborough and arrive in cambridge, please.|Okay. The TR2526 would meet your criteria. Would you like to book tickets? If so, how many tickets would you like?
What is the total travel time for train TR4526?|the travel time is 50 minutes
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|No problem. Have a great day.
I need to find a train going to Stansted Airport and departing on Thursday.|the train id is TR7966
How much is a ticket?|The train ticket will cost you 10.10 pounds.
Does that train arrive by 16:45, I need to be there by then.|The TR7966 is the first train of the day, arriving at 6:08. The latest train arriving before 16:45 would be the TR9427 arriving at 16:08. Would you prefer that?
Do either of those trains depart from Cambridge? I'd like to leave from there if possible.|TR7966 does depart from Cambridge and arrives at 6:08. The latest train from Cambridge to Stansted airport on Thursday arrives at 10:10. It is train TR6242. Which do you prefer?
The 10:10 would work for me!|Alright, how many tickets do you need?
I can get my own ticket, thank you. How much will it cost?|The fare is 10 pounds 10. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all Thanks|Thanks I have enjoyed the service
THE CONVERSTION    IS  ABOUT THE TRAIN   TICKET BOOK|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|I'd love to help you with that! What day are you headed out?
Sunday. Sometime after 21:00, if possible.|There are multiple trains headed to cambridge sunday after 21:00. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from ely.|I have train TR4205 that leaves at 21:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:52. The price per ticket is 3.52 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
yeah, i need eight tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is  0V72HM78. Will that be all?
I also need a guesthouse located in the north.|There are several choices, but all are priced either cheap or moderate. Which would you prefer?
Are there any with a star of 4? I'd like free parking as well if that is available.|I have 7 entries that fit your criteria. 6 are moderately priced, and one is cheap. Would you like information about any of these?
Yes info on the cheap price range|Worth house is in the cheap price range and located at 152 chesterton road
Thanks, for now I just need their postcode and whether or not they have free internet.|They do have free internet. Their post code is cb41da. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's all. Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge with free parking.|There are 8 hotels that include parking. Is there a specific area or price range that you would like to stay in?
No, although I would like them to include free wifi as well.|I have several options. How about the Ashley hotel? It's in the north.
That will be fibne,I need you to book it for me|Ok, I need some information to complete your booking.  What day will you arrive?
Any day is fine after 7:45.|How many days will you be staying?
Lets not book the hotel. Can you help find me a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday that leaves after 19:45?|Shall I go ahead and book you for train TR0615?
Yes, for 4 people please.|Your train is booked and the total fee is 56.32 and the reference number is FW5RK2C9. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, can I get the area for the hotel as well please. Just wonder what part of town it's in?|The Ashley hotel is in the north area. What else can I do for you?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help!|The booking was successful! Enjoy your trip.
I wish to go to a swimmingpool in Cambridge.|I have four different swimming pools I can recommend. First, can you specify if you prefer the centre, east, or north area?
Can you tell me the address and phone number for the one in the center of town?|The address is gonville place and their phone number is 01223446100
Thanks.  I also need to check on trains.  I need to travel on Wednesday.|There are many trains fitting your criteria. Can you give me departure site, destination, and time preferences?
I need to leave london liverpool street and be in cambridge by 21:00.|There are 8 trains that would work on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind? You could leave london as early as 07:39 or as late as 17:39.
I don't care about the departure time so please give me the ID and price of any one of those trains.|Okay, the trainID is TR7020 and the price is 16.60 pounds.
I would like to book that train. Thank You|The train booking is confirmed, number KJ1FLZL5 is your confirmation number. The fee is 16.6 GBP.  Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre!  Have a great day!
I need info on attractions in the center of the town.|What type of attraction are you looking to attend?
I'm not sure.  Can you recommend one for me?|I recommend  old school architecture. it is  located in trinity lane. can i give you the address?
Yes I would like the ostcode and phone number as well. Can you find a me a train departing cambridge on wednesday?|Old Schools, Trinity Lane, cb21tt.  The phone number is 01223332320.  As for the train, which station will you be traveling to?
I am going to Kings Lynn.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on Monday?|Sure! There are 19 trains departing from Kings Lynn on Monday. What is your destination so I can narrow down the list for you?
Cambridge is my destination, please.|How many tickets would you like?
I will need 6 tickets.|The TR4943 leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11, would you like me to book your seats on that train?
Yes, is there a reference number?  I also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves chinese food.|There are three places that serve Chinese in the North, what is your price-range?
Moderate please and thank you.|The golden wok fits your criteria. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Can you book me a table there for Monday at 14:30?|Yes of course, just tell me how many guests before I can process.
There will be 6 of us.|That place is not open at that time. Shall I try another?
Could you try for 13:30?|I was able to book the restaurant for you. The reference number is OESBPDPB. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|you are welcome. its been our pleasure to serve you.
I need a train going to cambridge after 10:15 please.|What is your departure station please?
I am departing from Ely.|great, and on what day will you be traveling?
I will leave Thursday.|okay, the TR0813 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I need tickets for seven people.|Perfect, the train for 7 people is booked. The reference number is X5NYAW3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any modern european restaurants in the centre area?|Yes, there is the riverside brasserie, would you like to find out more about this restaurant?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day.|You are booked for riverside brasserie. Your reference number is K7R76S78. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there something else I can help with?
No that's great thank you.|you are welcome anytime
I would like to take a train that departs from stansted airport on Thursday.|I can find information on that for you.  Just to confirm, are you travelling to Cambridge?  And, what time frame do you prefer?
I am going to Cambridge and want to leave after 12:45.|I have train TR3720 leaving at 13:24 is that okay with you?
Yes can you book that for me please?|Yes I've booked it and your reference number is 9NZD8HCW.  Is there anything else I can help with?
You booked for 1 ticket, correct? And also, can you help me find a place to visit in the centre of town?|Yes I did. Yes, what sort of place would you like to see?
Anything in the centre is fine with me, whatever place that you recommend.|I would suggest the old schools.
That is fine. I need the attraction type, entrance fee and address.|How about Clare Hall? It's a college with free admission, and it is located on Herschel Road.
Got it. Thanks a lot. That's all the Help I need today.|Glad I could help, enjoy your trip.
I'm looking to go to a theatre in town. Can you help me find one?|Is there a location preference? Center, or south?
No preference. Where would you recommend?|I would recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre.  It is in the city Centre.
Can I get the phone number,area and postcode please?|They are in the centre, 6 saint Edward's Passage. Postcode, cb23pj. Phone is 01223503333. Anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Monday headed to Bisheops Stortford.|The earliest train departing Cambridge for Bishops Stortford is at 15:29. Is this acceptable or would you like a later train?
I would like to leave after 11:00. Do you have a departure at that time or close to it? Please provide the train ID.|I have an 11:29 with train TR928 does that work for you?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 44 different things to do in the centre of Cambridge.  Can you help me narrow it down by type of activity or attraction?
What's the postcode for your favorite one?|My personal favorite is holy trinity church. They are on market st and the postcode is cb23nz. Anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to book a train.|i have plenty of trains, can i get more information please?
I need to leave on sunday after 12:30 from cambridge to stevenage|The first train after 12:30 is the TR0523, which leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
Great, can I get two tickets on it, please?|I've booked two tickets for the TR0523 train, and your reference number is R6GCVVA0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful! Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to eat. I want to eat modern european food in the expensive price range please.|We have just the place. Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop serves this type of food in the centre and is within the expensive range.
That sounds great! Could you give me the address?|Of course, the address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like me to try and book you a reservation?
Not now, but I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 19:45.|I would be happy to look that up. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from stevenage on wednesday please.|I found 10 trains, do you have a particular time you'd like to go?
The only time specification is that the train leaves Stevenage after 19:45.|I have the TR4015 that leaves at 19:54. Will that work?
Yes, that will work. Can you please book 4 tickets for that train. And can I get the reference number please.|Booking was successful for TR4015, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : JZCOHGH8. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That was all the information that i needed, i appreciate everything you have done for me.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves Belgian food.|I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about somewhere expensive in the centre?|no such restraunts too
How about a gastropub restaurant?|I have two, the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do you have a preference between the two?
Can you book a table at the Bistro for me? 4 people at 13:30 on Sunday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NSLKEI1G.
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.|what time will you be departing?
I want to leave after 10:30 on Monday.|The TR8089 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, what time do I need to be at the station?|I should be asking you what time you need to be at the station.
I just need the arrival time and price.|The arrival time for train TR8089 is 12:07, and it will cost only 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
That was everything. Thanks very much!|You're welcome, have a good day.
I am trying to book a train.|What an excellent way to see the beautiful countryside. What other information can you give me?
I want to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Thursday after 09:45.|I see that there are 8 trains available. What about TR2715 that leaves at 09:59?
I would like price, please|Certainly. Any ticket on that route is going to cost 16.60 pounds.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay that has a star of 0 in the expensive price range.|There are no hotels in Cambridge that are expensive with a 0 star rating. Would you like to change either the price range or the star rating?
There's nothing in the north?|I do have City Centre North B and B in the north. It's in the cheap price range with 0 stars. Might that work for you?
Yeah, I think that would be all right.|Can I assist you with making a reservation there?
Yes please for 8 people, 5 nights starting Saturday.|unfortunately this b&b is booked for those dates, is there another day or shorter time that would work? Or should we search another area?
Are there in hotels in the north with a 2 star rating?|There are no cheap hotels in that area with 2 stars.  Can I check for a guesthouse for you or would you like another area?
I would prefer you to check another area, please.|I can not find anything that meets that criteria. We can change the price range or the star rating and search again if you like?
Can you search for one that is cheap in price then?|Nothing is rated 2 stars in any part of the city, what specifically would you like?
I need something in the cheap price range with other restrictions retained.|No matching records for that. How about we change the star rating?
Are there any cheap 0 star hotels in the north?|Yes, there is city centre north b and b, would you like me to book you?
Can you book that for 8 people for 1 night since 5 nights did not work earlier?|City Centre North B and B was available for Saturday night for your party of 8. Your reference number is D5Q373D5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be it. Thank you|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am traveling to Cambridge and would like to find a local restaurant. I want to arrive by train at noon.|Hi there, let's start with the train arrival, where would you be travelling from?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Norwich on Sunday|There are trains every hour on the :16 that will get you there by noon, beginning at 5:16. Which would you prefer?
How about 7:16? What is the price?|TR4202 is the one that leaves at 7:16 and it costs 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a place to dine for the night. Do you have any suggestions?|My recommendation would be the Ugly Duckling, a Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Is the restaurant moderately priced? If so, please book a table for 5 at 18:00 and send me the reference number.|No, I'm sorry the ugly duckling is in the expensive price range. The copper kettle serves british food and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation for it?
The copper kettle will be fine.  Yes please book a reservation.|Sure thing! Your table is reserved. Your reference number is OY2LNXFW. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!|Goodbye and have a good day.
I'm looking for a train.|Let's start with where you are departing from and where you are going?
Departing from ely to cambridge.|There are quite a few trains from Ely to Cambridge. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
It's on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 9:30 and need to book for 7 people. Could I also get the reference number too?|Ok I have booked you on TR6971 leaving Ely at 7:35, arriving at cambridge by 7:52 for 7 people.  Reference number AQRMT6Q9.  Anything else I can help with?
One more thing.  Can you give me information about an attraction called Ruskin Gallery?|It's a free museum in the city centre, located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Anything else I can help with?
What is the phone number for there?|Phone # is 01245493131. Anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center that serves asian oriental food.|There are 4 Asian restaurants in the centre. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for moderately priced restaurants.|Sure, how about dojo noodle bar?
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 6 on Thursday at 20:00?|You're reference number is W3BAE5PR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I need a train for the same day but it needs to arrive by 09:30.|Sure. Where are you departing from and where do you need to go?
The train should depart from london kings cross and should go to cambridge|There are 2 the latest train arrives at 08:08 will that be ok?
That works. Can you tell me the train ID, price, and travel time for that train arriving at 8:08?|The train ID is TR4016. Each ticket costs 23.60 pounds each. And the travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book you any tickets?
No, I'm sure I'll be able to just deal with it at the station. Thanks for everything!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?|Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by 19:30|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.|How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early.|What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09.  It's fine.  What is the travel time on that train?|The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes.  Would you like me to book this for you?
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.|The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?|There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
No price preference, whatever you recommend.|Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west with a 4 star rating. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book for 7 people for 5 nights starting from monday.|You are booked at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is LMAP8LOO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book passage on a train on friday, from cambridge to birmingham new street.|What time do you want to depart?
It needs to leave sometime after 15:45, and I'll need 7 tickets.|Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
nope, would just like it to leave after 15:45|Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ZTJU607W. Anything more I can help with?
That will be all. Thanks for your help! Bye!|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving from Norwich.|Sure. What time are you looking to leave?
I would like to leave after 09:45|Which day are you looking to travel?
I am looking to go to cambridge on tuesday|Okay, I have 14 trains on that route leaving hourly on the :16 from 10:16 to 23:16. TR0667 leaves at 10:16, arrives at 11:35, with a total duration of 79 minutes.
Ok, do you have one that leaves at 11:16?  Can you provide me with the train id for that one?|Yes, a train leaves at 11:16 with the ID TR0839.
Thank you very much for your help!|Glad I could be of assistance.
I'd like to find a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street, please.|There are many trains that go to your desired destination, do you have a date and time your prefer to travel?
On Friday, after 9:15.|The closest train to that time would be the TR7057 and departs at 09:59, would you like to book?
Can I get the price and travel time for TR7057?|Their travel time is 88 minutes, and it costs 16.60 pounds.
I also need you to book me a room at alpha-milton guest house|OK, I can do that. Will it just be you?
What's the area at first?|The alpha-milton guest house is located in the north.  Can I help you make a booking?
No. I only need to know which area it's in. Thanks.|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is located on the north end of the city. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm all set thanks for all your help, bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 20:00|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be heading in from Leicester on Thursday.|Okay, TR0363 departs at 09:09. Would you like me to do book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|How many tickets will you need?
I just want to know the price of the ticket.|The price is 37.80 pounds per ticket
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east. It doesn't need to have free wifi.|Did you have a price range in mind?
I want a place to stay. Is there an expensive hotel? It doesn't need to include internet.|I have 5 expensive hotels, what part of town would you like to stay in?
If you have anything in the south that would be perfect.|I have the Lensfield Hotel in the south. It is rated 3 stars and offers both free parking and internet. May I book you a room?
not now but will come back laiter|No problem.  Can I help you with anything else at this time?
That is all I need, thank you.|It was my pleasure to help you today. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.|Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.|We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.|The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I am looking for a train leaving Sunday that's going to London liverpool street.|Where are you departing from and what day and time do you want to leave?
Need to arrive by 8:15,not sure when we depart ?|I have a train departing from cambridge on sunday at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Would that work for you?
Yes can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too please|Sure. The reference number is B15UKEYO. How else can I assist you?
I am also looking for a place to stay that needs free parking and in the north.|Do you have any preferences for the star or price range?
I would like something in the moderate price range and prefer a guesthouse.|There are seven guesthouses fitting your needs. May I recommend archway house which also has parking and wifi?
what star rating does the hotel have and what is the address?|Archway house is 4 stars and is at 52 gilbert road, do you want me to make a booking?
no, not at this time.  thank you.  Goodbye.|You're welcome.  Call us back if you decide you want to book that room.  Goodbye.
I am looking for hotel with a star five rating and free wifi|We don't have any that match that criteria. Would you like to widen your preferences?
How many stars do the expensive places have?|huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel both have 4 stars.  Would you like to book one of these?
Sure, lets try the University Arms Hotel.|Ok, how many nights would you like to book?
No, I don't need to book a room, I just need the address please.|Certainly. The University Arms Hotel is located on Regent street and their postcode is cb21ad. Is that all?
No, I also need a train leaving cambridge monday going to kings lynn please.|I have found 19 trains going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to be in kings lynn by 9:45 on monday.|I have found you a train leaving Cambridge at 8:11AM and arriving in Kings Lynn at 8:58AM. The train ticket costs 9.80 Pounds and the Train ID is TR3596.
Could you make me a booking for 1?|A booking for 1 on TR3596 departing Kings Lynn at 811 has been made. You can pay the 9.8 GBP at the station.
May I have the reference number for the booking please?|your booking code is 5MPLUDS6. can i help you with anything else?
That's everything, thank you!|It was my pleasure. Let me know if you need anything else, I'm happy to help!
I feel like visiting a museum, find me one please|We have lots!  What part of town will you be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one and provide info on it?|cambridge artworks in the east is rather nice. It has free admission and is located at 5 greens road. Is there any other information I can provide?
No, that is fine. I also need a train that should arrive by 11:15 and should leave on saturday.|Did you have a departure site or destination in mind?
Oh duh, sorry! I jumped the gun there! I'd like to go to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.|TR4824 leaves london kings cross at 9:17 and arrives at 10:08. Would you like to book tickets?
How much would the ticket cost?|The cost of a ticket is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Not right now, but could you give me the estimated travel time for the train trip?|The travel time for TR4824 is 51 minutes.
cool that's all i need thanks|thanks for inquiring from us. have a great day
Thank you for helping me today.|And thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!
Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.|I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after 21:00.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive.|TR8533 will leave Cambridge at 21:50. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.|The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?|Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.
Hey there! Can you give me some options for trains leaving Wednesday from Norwich? We are going to Cambridge.|Sure thing! When would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive by 19:45. I need to book for 5 people.|I booked you on TR4203 with a total fee of 88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is: 58VOL3U2.  Do you need anything further today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to know nice places to visit in the North.|I have 4 attractions in the north. Two of them are swimming pools, one is a park and one is a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
What is the entrance fee for the boating attraction?|There is no entrance fee listed. I can give you their phone number if you would like?
No thanks, I need to find a train leaving from cambridge next.|Okay.  Where are you looking to go to?
I'm headed to Leicester.|Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need to leave sometime after 15:00.|The first train after that time on Thursday is the TR9839, leaving Cambridge at 15:21, arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket for one.|I booked a seat for you on TR9839.  You can pay the 37.79 GBP due at the station.  Reference number X6S3FKEF.  Is there anything else today?
No, you have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm planning a trip with an Arthurian theme. I've heard there's a hotel called Avalon there in Cambridge. Is that right?|Yes there is a guesthouse called avalon. Would you like any more information on that?
Actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?|You're all booked.
Is there a reference number for the hotel?  I also need a train to london liverpool street.  Can you help with that too?|Your Reference number is : EHNOQL7E. I can help with the train as well. Can you give me a little more information on your trip?
I need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but I can't leave cambridge until after 13:45|TR4466 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people.|Booking has been completed!  Your reference# is D6V5M769.  The total is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need a train out of peterborough on wednesday.|we have a variety so if we  can narrow down by giving departure time good with you
Yes, I need to arrive in Cambridge at or a little before 21:45.|I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Whatever the closest train to arriving before 21:45 is will be fine with me.|I got 1 ticket for you on TR8935 it will arrive by 08:09. Your reference number is C0M3TLKH. Anything else today?
Can you cancel that and get me 5 tickets instead of 1 please?|Sure, this is the new information : Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 0196JVLZ.
Thank you so much! I also need some entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?|All Saints Church is nice if you like architecture! It is on Jesus Lane and the entrance fee is free!
I would prefer a lively college in the centre, please.|Okay! How about Christ's College?
sure, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.|Christ's College is free to enter, and they're located on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23bu.
Ok. Thank you. That's all for now.|thank you for using our services
Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
I'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|There are several in that priced range. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
I'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. What do you have available?|how about alexander bed and breakfast? they are lovely
Sure. Can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Saturday? I also need the reference number.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is GDS15VTZ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 19:30.|Where will you be heading and on what day please?
Going to broxbourne on Monday.|TR2292 leaves cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01, will that train work for you?
Yes, it will. Can you book 5 tickets for me please?|Okay, 5 tickets have been booked! Your reference number is 4VIS4L43. Can I be of any further help?
No thank you that is all I need today.|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hi!  I need to get a train schedule, can you help me with this?|There are many trains. Any date/time/places you were looking to travel to?
I want to arrive in Stevenage and leave Cambridge on a Friday.|There are ten trains on Friday. The first train leaves at 05:21 and the last train leaves at 23:21. What time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 10:00. Can you please give me the train ID and departure time?|TR5497 leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10.  Would you like to purchase a ticket?
No thank you. I do need to find a museum to visit though.|There's 23 museums in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to visit?
I would like it to be in Centre.|There are 11 museums in that area, including museum of archaelogy and anthropology and the fitzwilliam museum.
Can I have the entrance fees for both of those please, and the associated postcodes?|Sure thing. Both are free and the postcode for the museum of archaeology is cb23dz and the fitzwilliam postcode is cb21rb.
ok and what are their entrance fees?|Bot museums are free, they do not have an entrance fee.
That is great. Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your time at the museum and the center.  If there is anything else you need help with please contact us anytime.
I'm heading out of Cambridge on Sunday. Please find me a train|Ok.  And where is your destination?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street and arrive at 17:45 on Sunday.|Train TR0189 Arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thanks.|Okay, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I really want to visit a mutliple sports attraction, preferably in the Centre area, please.|I'm sorry I don;t have any sports attractions listed can I interest you in another attraction?
Can you try a museum?|Castle galleries is a great museum located in the centre of town at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.|Ok great. Have a great day.
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.|I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
I'm looking for a place called hakka.|Hakka is a chinese restaurant on the north side of town. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the price range there, I can spend too much just eating.|It is an expensive restaurant. I have many options for Chinese food in town at every price point, though, if that's an issue.
That's no problem.  I also was interested in finding a train though.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to a wedding in Broxbourne.|no train are available for the destination
Can you please check again? From Cambridge to Broxbourne, Wednesday after 8:30.|Sure the TR3279 leaves at 9:01.
Can you book 2 tickets for me please?|I booked it. It'll cost 35.79 GBP and your reference number is CV0BT9K3.
Great that was all I needed today.|I'm glad we could help. Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance.
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Kings Lynn and arriving at Cambridge by 20:15|TR9102 arrives at 05:11
Does that train leave on Monday?|No, it does not. I apologize for the error. I do have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and will get you there by 19:58. Would this work for you?
Looks ok, but can I get the travel time and price before you book that?|The price is 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes.
Ok great. I don't need to book that now but I would also like some information for all saints church, could you help me with that?|Yes, what would you like to know?
Is it actually a church?  I will need a phone number and postcode if possible.|The type is architecture, attraction that is. The post code is cb58bs. Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please. Thanks.|Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you find anything else today?
Nope that will be all! Thanks!|Great! Have a nice day!
Hi I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and want to book a train. I would like to leave early Monday and arrive by 20:45|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Norwich.|I have a train leaving at 1836 and arriving at 1955, would you like me to book it for you?
yeah that sounds good|How many tickets will you need?
I need the travel time for 1|The travel time is 79 minutes, woudl you like me to book you?
That's okay I'm looking to find a cinema in the south part of town though.|cineworld cinema's address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Great, thanks! What is their postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy.
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Do you know of any cheap indian restaurants?|There are 4 to choose from.  Would you prefer the centre or north?
I would like it to ideally be in the center.|I have the kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, could I have a table for 1 please?|sure, first let's figure out which restaurant you would like. kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge?
let's try the gandhi.|What day and time will you be coming in?
I will need a table on wednesday at 18:15.|i will book you up, welcome
I need the reference number for the booking. Also can you help me find a train going to Cambridge Wednesday?|I have booked a table for 1 at The Gandhi. Your reference number is  WJBOROQR. Can you give me more information about the train you need?
I need a train on Wednesday from stevanage to cambridge.  It needs to arrive by 10:45.|The TR4626 could get you there by 10:43, does that work for you?
Absolutely! What is the travel time?|Travel time is 49 minutes.
Would you like me to book it for you ?|I believe I am to book that for you, shall I book it?
No, thank you. I need to check some other things before I book.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is all for now.|There are two other trains that arrive earlier that day if you are interested.  Would you like that information as well?
No thank you that will be all.|Thank you for using ours services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thank you. That is all I need.|thank you for using this service
Yes, I need a train departing from kings lynn.|What time will you be departing and where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from kings lynn on sunday after 14:30 and arrive at cambridge.|TR5331 leaves Kings Lynn at 15:11 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 15:58.  Will this train work for you?
No.  The train should leave on Sunday as I said.|I have the TR2965 leaving kings lynn sunday at 15:11. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 7 seats.|I have booked your seats,here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 5C3SFLV2.
I also need a cheap place to eat in the center of town.|There are several listings. Do you have a food preference?
No.  Could you pick something you like for me?|I would recommend the river bar steakhouse and grill, a modern european joint at Quayside Off Bridge Street. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you get me a table for 7? My group will probably head there at 17:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9ATX95AG.
That is perfect. That is all I need today.|Okay, have a wonderful visit in cambridge!
Hello!  I'm just planning my trip to Cambridge and need train schedules.|I'd love to assist you with that.  Where are you departing from, and when do you want to leave?
depart from birmingham new street ,I want to leave on Friday and arrive by 14:30|TR7040 arrives at 14:23. Would you like me book for you?
Book it for myself.|I'm sorry if I misread, but did you want me to book that TR7040 train ticket for you? If so, how many tickets would you like?
I'm sorry.  Yes.  Please book the train on Friday arriving by 14:30 for one person.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : QQFBZTYO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in the north, specifically, a guesthouse.|Super! I have a range of guesthouses in the north. May I recommend Worth House, rated 4 stars but cheaply priced? The guesthouse offers internet and parking.
Sure! Does it include free parking? If so I am looking for a reservation for 1 starting friday for 3 nights.|Your room at Worth House is booked, ref# 6HUOIUXC. They do offer free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you. Bye.|Thank you, please do remember you can contact us again at any time you need more help! Have a great day!
I need to find a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives by 9:15. Can you help?|What is your destination?
I'm traveling to Ely.|We can definitely help you with that, I just need to know the day you will be traveling.
For today, arriving by 21:15.|I'm sorry, I need to know the day you will be traveling.
I am departing on Sunday.|I have a train on Sunday that arrives at 20:07. Would that do?
That's perfect.  Could you book it for 8 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LZLSJZ1K. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?|Would you like me to book it for you ?
no booking yet for the restaurant.  I want to eat at a restaurant that serves thai food.  Do you have any?|Bangkok City serves Thai food, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 8 people at 11:00 on Sunday.|What day would you like to book the table for?
I just told you! sunday! Now please go on and book and send me the reference number|It seems that I can not reserve that at the moment. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
How about at 10:00 instead?|I will book your reservation for 10:00 on Sunday.
OK, please do that and get me the reference number.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: SDY23J83.
That's all I need. Thanks for your help tonight.|Have a great night.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Is there a certain type of cuisine or part of town you're looking for? There are 22 restaurants to choose from.
Yeah. I'd like a moderately priced tuscan food restaurant.|I'm sorry there's no matching results.
Okay, can we try modern European food instead, please?|How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street in the town centre.  Great food.
Great can you book that for 4 people at 17:45 on sunday?|Yes sure. I have a reference number for you and it is 33TISTQB.
Thanks so much. Can you help me find a train?|We have 5 different train times for you all on Friday. What time would you like to leave?
anytime after 17:00 on thursday going to london kings cross|Just so I can narrow down the results and get you exactly what you need, what's your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and want to arrive in london kings cross.|Om I have train id TR1791 that fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
yes book it for 4 people|Train TR1791 will leave at 17:00 on Thursday. It will cost 94.4GBP. Your reference number is HN91KJWK. Have your luggage ready, thank you!
Thank, that is everything i need, you were so helpful.|Thank you! Have a great day!
Can you find me an attraction in the centre?|Are you looking for a specific place? Or do you prefer a particular type of attraction?
Not looking for anything specific. Maybe a college or museum if you can give me the address and entrance fee.|I would recommend Hughes Hall.  It is a college on Jesus Lane and the entrance is free.
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a train that is departing from Cambridge and is leaving after 12:15.|Sure, let's narrow down your search. What is your destination?
I need to go to Stansted airport.|Okay we have a lot of trains that meet your requests, is there a specific time you want to get to the airport by?
No, I just need to leave Cambridge after 12:15 on Tuesday.|How many people in your party?
I am not sure yet. What are the prices for tickets?|The cost per ticket for that train route is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you book any tickets?
no not at that time.Im also looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking in the expensive price range|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that match your request, would you like a hotel or a different price range?
How about moderate?|There are several options would you like to be more specific on what you need?
I have no more specific needs.  Can you select your favorite and tell me their area, if they have internet, and how many stars they have?|Bride Guest House is in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range. It is rated 3 stars and has free internet and parking.
Ok that's all the information I need, thank you for your time.|You're welcome.
What cheap restaurants are there in the west of Cambridge?|There are two selections which fit your specifications. Did you have a specific cuisine type in mind?
No, nothing specific.|Ok, there is an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant, would you like to book a reservation with one of these?
I'd like to book a table for 5 on Monday at 15:45, so if one of them can fit us in at that time I'd like to book it.|Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot?
How about 14:45?|Booking was successful at thanh binh. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3MQZO5NU.
Thanks so much. I will also need a train leaving Cambridge on Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street no later than 16:30.|The closest train to your departure time is the 15:59 out of cambridge, arriving london liverpool at 17:27. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book 5 tickets. And can I get the reference number?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M0DKTWYA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything I needed. Thank you!|We are glad to be of help. Enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge leaving after 09:30, can you help?|Hello, we have many trains going to cambridge.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Norwich. I would also like to leave on Wednesday.|There are a total of 14 trains leaving Norwich on Wednesday every hour beginning at 10:16. Would you like to book the 10:16 train or any later train?
The 10:16 will be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.|Your fee will be 17.6 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is  J3K7VE8G. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would like some suggestions on places to go on the west side of town.|clare hall is an excellent choice on the west end.
Is this a type of entertainment?|No, Clare Hall is a college.
I am looking for attractions on the west side of town related to entertainment. Please recommend one and provide the postcode|I recommend Whale of a time and the post code is cb238el
Ok thank you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Please come back if you have any other questions!
I need help finding a train for Thursday.|Can you please tell me your departure and destination? What time would like to leave or arrive?
I would be leaving from Cambridge going o Peterborough.|What time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I just need to leave after 20:30.|How about the last train, it'll get you there at 07:56. How many tickets please?
As long as it leaves after 20:30, then it's fine. Can you give me the train ID? I'll buy at the station.|The ID is TR6688.
Can you tell me the departure and arrival time for that train?|Yes, it leaves at 07:06 and arrives by 07:56. May I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range|That narrowed it down to 1 hotel that meets your criteria. It's called CityRoomz. They offer free internet. They are located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. Would you like to book?
Could you just give me the postcode please?|the postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Find me a moderately priced place to dine in the west.|I have 3 options for you - British, Indian, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
How about the British place, I would like to book for 7 people at 13:15 on sunday|Ok.  I have a table for 7 booked at saint johns chop house. Your reference number is XPKRJXC3.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you so much.|Is there anythign else I can help you with today?
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday|You have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train FROM cambridge. i'm going to broxbourne.|No problem, there are lots of options.  Did you have a time to leave in mind?
I am leaving anytime after 11:30 from cambridge to broxbourne, what is the arrival time?|TR2939 would have an arrival time of 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the arrival time.|Is there anything else?
No, You have helped with everything I needed.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.|Have a great trip.
I'd like to find a swimmingpool on the east side, if possible.|I have one listing for abbey pool and astroturf pitch.
What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry; I don't have that information. If you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223902088.
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Wednesday.|Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I am leaving ely after 20:15.|There is a train that leaves at 13:17.
Can you provide more information for that train?|Yes, that's train TR0922, it'll be leaving london kings cross at 13:17 and arrived by 14:08.  It costs 23.60 pounds and takes 51 minutes.
I'd like to book a seat on that train. Please provide confirmation.|Your reference number is AY662NLW.
That's all i need for today. Thanks very much for your help.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for places to go in town centre.  What are some options?|I have the Mumford Theater at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road, or the fitzwilliam museum at trumpington street.
What are the entrance fees for all those locations?|The entrance fee is free for the museum is free, and the theater fee is unknown.
Okay, thanks for that information.  I would like to book a train as well. I'm leaving Tuesday after 16:00 from Cambridge.|Alright, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go from stansted airport to Cambridge.|TR8372 leaves at 16:24. Are you interested?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people.  Please send the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : VHL6TYDF.
Thank you! Goodbye.|You're welcome goodbye.
Hi I need to get to Cambridge by 5:30 PM. Is there a train for that?|There are multiple options that will get you to Cambridge by 5:30pm.  Could you please tell me where you will be departing form and what day you are traveling?
I will be departing from Norwich on Wednesday.|TR0033 departs Norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in Cambridge at 16:35 (4:35p.m.). Would you like a ticket on that train?
That would be fine.  How long is the trip?|The trip is 79 minutes.
Thank you for the information!|And you would like to book just one ticket, is that correct?
Yes, one ticket is fine.|Great. I have you on that train and your reference number is Y1XTHTJA. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Nope, that's it! Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
That's all thank you|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for a train that leaves after 18:45 and goes to Leicester.|We have some options available after that time, what day will you need the train?
I need it to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|Train TR9831 leaves at 19:21. would that be okay?
That would be fine. Can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?|I was able to book it, reference number is OYBQSBZJ.
Thank you. I also need a place to dine in the Centre area that serves Asian Oriental food.|There are 4, all in centre city. Is there a particular price range you'd like?
No, could you please tell me the price range and postcode for all 4 in the Centre area?|Sure!  Dojo noodle bar, cb21rq.  Yippee noodle bar is cb11lh.  J restaurant is cb21dp and kymmoy is cb12as.  Anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you.|Glad I could be of help. Have a nice night. Goodbye.
Can you get me information on a hotel called a and b guest house?|its a moderate price guesthouse on the east
Do they offer free parking or free internet? I may want to book a room.|They do offer free internet but do not offer free parking.  Would you like for me to help you book a room?
book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is V68HGSJZ. Will that be all?
I also need to take a train. The train should arrive by 08:30 and should go to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I will depart from Kings Lynn on Saturday and need to reach Cambridge by 08:30.|There are many trains to choose from. Can you provide me with your departure time?
Unfortunately, I don't know the train schedule. I was hoping you could provide that to me. I just need to arrive by 08:30.|The TR6366 meets your criteria. You'll arrive at 07:58. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please. I need six tickets.|Reference number is : 72J13Z02.
Thank you for your help.|Not a problem! Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need, thanks again!|No problem, goodbye!
Hi, where can I find the Autumn House hotel?|The Autumn House Hotel is located at 710 Newmarket Road which is on the east side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Not yet but can I get the postcode and address please?|Address is 710 Newmarket road with a postcode of cb58rs
Thank you. I also require information on trains going into Cambridge next thursday.|I can certainly help, where will you be departing from, and do you need to arrive or depart at a certain time?
Bishops stortford, it needs to leave after 12:15|TrainID TR0141 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:07 on Thursday. Does that work for you?
I think so. How long is the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 38 minutes.
That is all of the information that I needed. Thank you.|We're happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!
I need a cheap place to stay please.|I have found 10 hotels that are cheap in the area. Is there a certain part of the city you would like to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west please.|There is one guesthouse and one hotel that fits your criteria. Both have free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Are they 3 star hotels?|Yes they are both 4 stars.  Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
I would like  a hotel please.|The Cambridge Belfry meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 4 people for 2 nights starting on friday.|success! confirmation number is 44URFTUC. Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for help finding a train to stansted airport for Sunday departing from Cambridge.|Sure. What time would you like to travel?
it should arrive by 09:00|train TR1262 will arrive at 08:08 would you like me to book seats?
Yes, we'll need tickets for everyone in the party.|okay, reference # isN5S2FRHG, 32.32 GHP is payable at the station
Thank you so much for your help today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Wonderful, could I help you with finding a place to stay? Do you need a train or any information on local attractions?
I need a train after 14:15 from birmingham new street and need to go to cambridge and leave on tuesday|TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives at 17:23, will that work for you?
Yes please I need that booked for one person.|Sure, your booking was completed. The total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation number is Q5H6ZU73. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in going to the theatre.  Can you help me find one?|your reservation is booked
I also need information on a theatre.|Sure, is there a particular part of town you would like the theatre to be in? You have options in the centre and south.
The area doesn't matter. Which one do you recommend? Can you provide the postcode, area, and entrance fee?|I would suggest adc theatre.
That will do. I'll need the postcode, area, and entrance fee, please?|The adc theatre is located in the centre and the post code is cb58as. I do not have the entrance fee available to me.
Thank you for the service, bye!|Have a great day.
Find a train to leicester that arrives by 21:00.|From which departure site, please?
The train will be leaving Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 14 trains that fit your needs. The first leaves at 5:21 and the latest leaves at 18:21. Would you like me to get a ticket for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : DMK0CENV. Do you need anything else?
I'd like information on a hotel called warkworth house|What information are you looking for specifically?
I need to book it for 4 people starting from saturday for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is FDIQHZAR. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you, good day.
I feel like trying Chinese today, find me a cheap place that serves it please|We have four! 3 in centre and one south.  Which area are you going to be in?
I will be in the south.|The lucky star is perfect for you. It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Do you need to book a table?
Actually, I will need a restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?|Oh yes, we have three in the city centre. How about the Golden House? It's on Lensfield Road and meets your needs.
Which one do you suggest?|The Golden House fits your needs. Would you like to book a table?
Yes 7 people for thursday at 12:15, and can I get the reference number?|I just booked that for you. Your reference number is 1G6KIGNS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a train. I'm heading to Peterborough on Friday.|I have many departures that leave for peterborough on Friday.What time would you like to leave?
I'll be departing Cambridge and would like to arrive in Peterborough by 19:15. Can you find a train that would get me there close to that time?|The last train of the day will work for you. It departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56. Would you like to book it?
I don't need to book right now. You've told me the departure time. I just need the travel time and the ticket price.|Okay! It's a 50-minute train ride, and it costs 16.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome! Bye now!
I'm looking for a train to Broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after 21:00 from cambridge. Can you accommodate?|Yes, there are trains departing at 21:01, 22:01 and 23:01 on Tuesday.  Which time would like?
2 tickets on the 21:01, please. And can you give me the reference number once that's booked?|I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is LJWDINYN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks.  I would also like to go a museum on the east side.|I found 4 museums, I'd recommend the Cambridge Artworks as it is free to enter. Would you like any information on it?
Just the address, please.|They are located at 5 greens road.
Thank you very much. Should be all|Thank you for using our services.
What train do I need to take to get to Norwich from Cambridge?|It looks like there are trains from Cambridge to Norwich every day. What day/time will you be traveling on?
I'll be leaving Sunday and need to arrive by 21:30.|TR4082 will arrive by 20:55 would that work for you?
Yeah, can I please get the price?|Sure. The price per ticket is 14.08 pounds. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes  book the ticket please.|Can I ask how many tickets you will need?
On second thought, I don't need a ticket reserved. Could you tell me what the travel time will be on that train, though?|Sure - the trip from Cambridge to Norwich is 79 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also looking to go to a museum on the west part of town.|How about the Lynne Strover Gallery?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Phone number is 01223295264. Postcode is cb30aq. Address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
Okay thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's everything I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome, have a great day and text us back any time!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge.|Certainly. What is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I want to go to Leicester and want to leave on Tuesday.|There are several trains that day, do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to get there by 17:15|There is a train departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Cambridge at 17:06.  Can I book that for you?
Yeah, that sounds great.|how many tickets would you like?
1. please also get me z restaurant  called city stop restaurant.and give me phone number and postcode|Sure, the address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy.  And just to confirm, you wanted to book 1 ticket for that train?
What about the phone number?|Yes and their phone number is 01223363270.
Thanks so much for your help.|Okay, I've booked you a seat on the 15:21 train on Tuesday. The total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : NHFGUN35.
Great. Thanks. Can you look up a restaurant for me?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need to find a good vegetarian restaurant|I'm sorry could you repeat your request?  There seems to be an error.
I meant train.  I need a train ticket for monday.|Where did you want to depart from, sir?
I am departing from cambridge and going to bishops stortford.|There are 5 trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Monday. Do you want to leave at any certain time?
What is the first train after 11:30?|TR4861 leaves at 13:29
Could you give me the arrival time and price also please?|Yes, it arrives by 14:07 and costs 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book the train for 1 person.|I've booked you a ticket. The reference number is I3EAS0F7. Anything else I can assist with?
I'm confused. Did I ask you to book a ticket? I can book my own passage, thank you very much!|thanks for your service
Thank you also. Have a nice day.|You also. Let us know if we can assist you with anything more.
Okay, thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge at 5:30pm on Friday?|Where will you be traveling to?
Let me change the day to Sunday leaving Ely for Cambridge after 10:15,|I would recommend TR6517 which departs Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:52.
Ok.  That one sounds good.|How many tickets will you be needing for your trip?
I'm not sure but I would like some information about museums in the south.|The Byard Art museum matches that criteria. What information do you need?
May I please have the entrance fee, phone number, and post code?|Free to enter. 01223464646, post code cb21sj. Anything else?
No. That's all. Thanks so much!|You are very welcome. If you don't need anything else go ahead and close the chat.
Can you give me some information about colleges that I can visit while I am in town?|I see we have a total of 79 colleges.
What colleges are in the centre?  Please provide postcode, address, and phone number too.|There are thirteen colleges in the centre.
train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 21:45|Yes I will need your destination city and day of travel please.
I will be leaving monday, it will be to Cambridge.|TR1553 	Leaves Peterborough Monday at 21:48 	and arrives in Cambridge at 22:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, i will need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is Y4IXQIJC
Thank you so much for all your help.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I would like to book a train leaving Cambridge that goes to London Liverpool Street please.|There is a train which leaves every two hours between 5:59 and 13:59 that costs 16.60 pounds. The duration of the trip is 88 minutes.
I need to travel on Friday sometime after 13:45. Can you tell me whats available?|I have train TR4187 that leaves at 13:59 and arrives by 15:27 in london liverpool sreet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great that's all the information I needed on the train.|Excellent! Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need to find a restaurant. Preferably one that serves Jamaican food. Can you find that for me?|Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants serving Jamaican food in the area, would you like to try another type of food?
What about one in the centre?|My apologies, there are none that serve Jamaican. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
How about one that serves British food in the same area?|I have found several, how about this one? The Oak Bistro, price rang is moderate, phone is 01223323361, post code cb21eg, 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you please book for 4 on Friday at 10:45?|I was unable to book for that timeslot. Can you give me another timeslot to work with?
How about 9:45?|Your table is reserved. Reference number 66TP23A1.
Thank you. That's all I needed.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I  would like to book a train for Tuesday at 18:45 departing at bishops stortford and arrive at Cambridge.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 18:45.|The TR9286 train goes from bishops stortford to cambridge	on Tuesday at 19:29, Shall I book that for one person?
Can you please book it for 4 people?|Hi..A reservation for 4 people has been confirmed. The reference number is 30MCMOEX and the price is 40.4GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you for your help.|you are welcome! Have a good day!
I'm looking to book a train that goes to ely and leaves on sunday please.|There are 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Ely. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you would prefer?
Yes, I need to leave after 15:45.|TR5713 leaves at 15:50 and arrives by 16:07. Will that work for you?
Yes that will work thank you.|How many tickets would you like me to book for train TR5713?
I need 2 adult and 1 child.  Thank you.|Booking was successful for TR5713, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : GGE66KI2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north please.|The acorn guest house is available in your selected region. It's moderately priced and includes free internet and parking.
That one sounds fine. I need lodgings beginning Thursday.|Sounds great, and how many nights would you like to stay?
I'd like 3 nights for 6 people, please.|I have booked your request, your confirmation number is NWPEWP4X.
Wonderful. Thank you very much! That's everything I needed.|Hope you enjoy your trip! Thanks for allowing us to assist you.
looking for a train in Cambridge,should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday|We have 19 trains that may suit your needs. Is there a particular time you are looking to leave or arrive by?
YES, COULD YOU PLEASE FIND ME A TRAIN FOR 10:PM TONIGHT? I PLAN ON GETTING ONE TONIGHT,SO I CAN ARRIVE BY MID-NIGHT.THIS WILL ALLOW ME TO GO RIGHT TO SLEEP.|Of course! Train TR0446 leaves at 20:24 and arrives by 20:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, thanks. I just need 1 ticket for myself.|Your reference number is 6ULUC5LP, is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free wifi?|I'd be happy to find that for you. What are of the city would you like to be in, and do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I prefer a guesthouse please. Oh and I also will need free parking.|I have several great options. Do you need to be in a certain area of town? Alexander b&b in the centre has four stars.
Yes, that sounds perfect. Lets book it.|Alright, what day will you be there and how many days will you be staying? How many people will be staying with you?
On second thought, I'm going to hold off on booking that.  I appreciate all of your help and I should have all the information I need.  Goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.|Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?|Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.|I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
Yes I am looking for a Train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Birmingham New Street.|Ok.  When were  you looking to leave?
I will be leaving on Wednesday after 14:30.|There are 9 trains listed. Would you like tickets for one of them?
Yes. Please select the first train available after 14:30 and book 3 tickets. then provide me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XMBOA4E1. Can I help with anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
I need transportation, specifically a train from birmingham new street. I need one that gets to my destination by 17:00|We have several!  What day would you like to travel?
monday would be perfect|TR1238 leaves at 13:40 and will get you there at 16:23, do you want me to book you?
No, thanks. No need to book today, but can I get the price of the ticket?|Tickets are 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I've heard great things about The Cambridge Chop House. Can you tell me about it?|What information are you looking for?
Will you book a table for 3 on Monday at 20:30 for me? I'll also need the reference number. Thanks!|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : FNXFS4G4.  What else can I help you with today?
Thanks so much. That's all. Goodbye|I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on friday.|Can I get a destination for this trip please?
Yes, I'll be going to Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 13:15.|There are 4 different trains departing at 5:17, 7:17, 9:17, and 11:17.  Each of those trains will arrive before 13:15.  Would you like to book a train?
Any of those would be fine, I will be booking for 6.|I booked you on TR5686 arriving at 10:08. Your reference number is HVY7MBWS, the total is 141.6GBP payable at the station.
Great, thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a good restaurant in the centre of town?|Kymmoy looks good, would you like to book there?
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.|Would you like to try Jinlin Noodle Bar?
That sounds great, could you give me the postcode?|the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can I just double check something? Is the Jinlin Noodle Bar moderately priced?|Yes they are, if you would like to book there, When would you like the booking anf for how many people?
Please book there for 6 people on friday at 16:00.  Thank you for your assistance.|Ok, I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much. You have been most helpful. There is nothing else at this time. Good bye.|Thank you. Have a great evening.
I'd like details about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Ely.|There are 70 scheduled trains on that route. Do you have a day or time you wish to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday and I would like to leave after 15:00.|What time do you need to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, just so it leaves after 15:00.  I'll just need the train id and arrival time please.|the TR7177 leaves at 15:50, do you want tickets?
No thank you. I would like to know the arrival time, though.|The arrival time is 16:07.
Thanks. Can you also find a museum ?|Is there a certain area of town you would like to be in?
No, whatever your recommendation is. I will just need the area it's in and the entrance fee please.|people's portraits exhibition at girton college in the west is very interest, the entrance fee is free.  Do you need more info?
No thanks. That gives me all I need. Take care. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.
Hello, I am looking for a train that is leaving after 14:00 on Friday.|What is your destination? I have 210 departures listed after 14:00 on Friday.
I'll be going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.|There is a train every hour, TR8928 leaves at 14:01 and arrives at 16:44. It costs 75.10 pounds.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Thanks!|How many tickets would you like?
I actually don't need any tickets right now, but can you give me the total travel time?|The total travel time is 163 minutes.  Is there anything else you need today?
I also want to find places to go to in the center area.|OK. There are many attractions in the centre of town. What type are you interested in getting information about?
Can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend the scott polar museum, would you like more info on them?
Yes. Please can I have their address and post code. Also, is there an entrance fee?|It is the best price of all, free of charge.  They are on lensfield road, postal is cb21er, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything, thank you for your help!|Glad to be able to help. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye!
i need a train that leaves norwich after 15:00|I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrive in Cambridge please.|I have 9 trains available.  Do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
No arrival preference but it will need to leave after 15:00. Any one is fine. I'll need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RZKWMA85. It leaves at 15:16. Thank you and have a good day.
I would also like more info in a place I would like to eat at.|Absolutely. What is the name of the restaurant you have in mind?
The restaurant I am looking for is Dojo Noodle Bar.|I have found the Dojo Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people on sunday at 20:30|I've gone ahead and booked, the reference number is 9P2XXWAS, can I help with anything else?
That's it.  Thank you for your help.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
Can you find me a nightclub?|I have 6 nightclubs 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a nightclub in the centre area.|The Fez Club at 8 Market Passage is quite popular. Or are you interested in one of the other four?
The Fez sounds great. Can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223519224.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a train going to Ely on Monday?|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would need to leave cambridge after 13:15 on Monday, please.|I have 6 trains leaving after 13:15 with the earliest being TR5167 which leaves at 13:50 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like a reservation?
For now, can you just give me the price and travel time of TR5167?|4.40 pounds, and travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like to know anything else?
I think that is all I need to know for now. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
I would like to book a train to Leicester that leaves on Saturday.|Yes, do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 15:15 please.|Would you like to book a seat on TR1832? It will leave at 15:21 and arrive at 17:06, 105 minutes later. It will cost 30.24 pounds.
Yes, can you please book that for me and send me a reference number. Thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VHWYUF80
i also want to check out some museums while i'm in town.|What area are you interested in?
In the centre, please|sure, there are several in that area. including art galleries and history museums.
If you can go ahead and recommend one and provide me with the phone number and address please. Thanks so much.|broughton house gallery is located at 98 King Street and their phone number is 01223314960. Do you need anything else?
That's all for today.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for calling today.
i am looking for a train. The train should leave on Monday and should arrive by 12:45.|Where would you like to go?
I would like to depart from Cambridge, and travel to Bishops Stortford.|Is there a time you would like to be picked up  by?
I want to get there by 12:45.|The TR7928 goes from cambridge to bishops stortford on monday at 11:29 arriving at 12:07.  Shall I book that for you?
I need to book it right now but what is that travel time?|The travel time on TR7928 is 38 minutes. Should I book it for you?
What is the price for that train?|The price is 10.10 pounds per ticket. I can make those reservations for you if you'd like.
Not right now. I need to make sure of how many of us can go. Thank you|Glad I could help.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday|Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.|We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
Yes, i am looking to book a room at the alexander bed and breakfast.|I found Alexander bed and breakfast . Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes bookit for the same group of people 4 nights.|What day will you be arriving?
Let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then tuesday would be fine|I was able to book you for Saturday.
thanks can I get a reference number please?|Your reference number is XVE54KKH. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, thanks again.|You are welcome enjoy
Hi. I'll be traveling to there and can't wait to try the restaurants there. Could you help me find a place?|Do you prefer a certain type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like to try South African cuisine.|I have a restaurant called Bedouin located downtown an 100 Mill Road, if that interests you.
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes, Bedouin is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Yes, go ahead and book that restaurant for 7 people at 17:15, please.|On what day would you like to book?
We will be there monday night.|My apologies. The table you requested is not available at 17:15 on Monday night.  Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes. Can you try 16:15?|I was able to make reservation for you on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. Your reference number is KCIWXESP. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also needing train tickets for Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.|Alright, there are 10 trains traveling to London Liverpool Street. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you are wanting?
I need to arrive by 12:15 please.|Can you tell me where you are departing from please and the number of tickets you will need?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and need 7 tickets.|I have train TR4494 that will be departing at 09:59 and arriving by 11:27. Would this interest you?
Yes, I would like to make a booking please for 7 people.|I have gotten you 7 tickets on train TR4494, reference number ENXXH8XH and the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No you have been most kind. Thank you for doing the bookings. Are there any attractions in the same area?|Are you looking for an attraction in the Centre of town as well?
Yes, attractions in the Centre of town would be great.|what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I have decided I don't really need an attraction. I think that will be all today.|Your restaurant and travel accommodations have been booked.  Reference number KCIWXESP and HTEPD4LJ respectively.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be it for today. Thank you|I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday and arriving by 18:15?|Where are you departing from and what is your destination ?
I'm going from Cambridge to Standsted airport.|Train TR1526 leaves 17:40 and will get you there by 18:08.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 7 people. I'll also need the reference number.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am looking to book a train to cambridge on saturday around 20:00|TR1120 leaves kings lynn at 20:11.  Would that work?
The train should go to stansted airport and depart from cambridge|Ok, I could book the TR3128 which leaves at 20:40.
I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Can you just give me the travel time, as well as arrival time of that train?|Yes it leaves at 20:40 and arrives at 21:08.
I need a train from Cambridge to Stevenage please.|I have 4 trains for those locations. What day and time were you looking for?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after 21:30, please.|There is only one train traveling from Cambridge to Stevenage on Thursday close to 23:30. It is the TR8239, would you like for me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I'll actually need 7 tickets.|I was able to reserve 7 tickets for you. Your total fee is 89.6 GBP and your reference number is BRQC79TR. Do you need anything else?
I also need an expensive lodging in the center of town.|I found 2 hotels, the gonville hotel, 3 stars,  and the university arms hotel, 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
Hmm, I was really looking for something with 0 stars. Can you check for any guesthouses instead?|Perhaps with different criteria? I have nothing for 0 stars, expensive, in the centre.
How about cheap price range?|I'm still looking, please stand by.
Okay, once you've found a hotel, could you give me the hotel type, post code and whether or not they have free parking?|The el shaddai is a guesthouse with free parking. The postcode is cb11eg.
Thank you so much, no need for booking, that is all of my questions.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|Where would you like to go to?
I will be going to Londons Kings Crossing.|Sure, just let me get a little more information.  Where are you departing from and when did you want the booking for?
I need to leave friday after 16:15 from cambridge.|TR6628 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51 at london kings cross, does this suit your needs?
That sounds great, I'll need 4 seats please and a reference number.|I've booked that for you.  Your reference number is O4BRX03O and you'll owe 94.4 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
Yes, please. I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east. Price range doesn't matter.|What area would you like to be in?
I want to eat in the East.|Okay, there is one that matches. It's the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at this time but can I please get their postcode?|Of course, the postcode is cb58wr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will do it. Thank you and goodbye!|Have a good visit.
I'd like to know the location of Clare Hall.|Claire Hall is located on herschel road in the west side of town. Do you need more information?
Do you have clare hall's address?|Sure.  Clare Hall is on Herschel Road.
Can I also get the phone number please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that leaves Ely and arrives by 16:30.|Sure, where will you be going to, and on what day?
I will be going to cambridge and I can arrive whenever.|What day will you take the train?
I will be leaving Ely on Sunday.|The TR5703 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please, for 3 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TDBKS2EJ. Can i help with anything else today?
That'll be all for today, thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I have been working all week in Cambridge and need to blow off some steam, what nigthclubs are in the centre area?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. The names are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
Fez Club sounds great! Is the phone number available?|The phone number for The Fez Club is 01223519224 and they are located at 8 Market Passage. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Have fun!
Thank you, I will! I also need info for a train.|I can certainly help you with that. What are your departure and arrival cities?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arive in Peterborough, Wednesday, no later than 20:15.|Train # TR4875 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday 19:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 19:56. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Would you please? I would like 5 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 1A27YHAA. Will that be all?
Yes thank you for all the help.|You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are most welcome!
I'm looking for a place called riverside brasserie|Riverside Brasserie is a modern European restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
No, that is ok. Could you give me the phone number, though and I will take care of it.|01223259988 is the phone number
Thanks! I also need a train from Norwich on Thursday.|There are several trains departing Norwich on Thursday. Is there a specific time you are looking to depart?
leaving on thurs from norwich going to cambridge and I need to get there by 13:00|okay the TR3078 arrives by 12:35.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye|Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel called Worth House.|The worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the north. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please, I need a reservation for 4 nights starting Monday for 1 person.|I've successfully booked that for you.  Your reference number is VO1DEPI5.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train that leaves from bishops stortford and goes to cambridge.|Not a problem, when would you like to depart or when would you like to arrive by?
I don't want to leave any earlier than 08:30, please.|the TR2083 leaves at 09:29, and arrives at 10:07.
Is this train the same day as my hotel booking?|No, I'm sorry it's not. For Monday, Train TR0757 will leave at 09:29 and arrive in cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Ok, that's all I need for now. Bye.|If there is any other way I can help you please let me know.
Hi, I want to find a Chinese place to eat that's expensive.|There are 9 Chinese restaurants that match your criteria.  Is there a specific part of town you'd like to dine in?
I'd like to dine in the north if possible.|We have the Hakka and The Hotpot that match your search. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with Hakka, and make a booking for 7 people at 19:15 on Monday. And give me the reference number please.|Great the booking was successful, your reference number is 4DV3FA1B.
Thanks very much. I also need a train for Monday, arriving by 9:45.|And where will you be traveling to and from?
From stevenage to cambridge.|There are 2 trains that arrive by 9:45. One leaves at 5:54 and one leaves at 7:54.
I'll take the one that arrives at 7:54. How much do those tickets cost?|The ticket is 12.80. Would you like me to book this for you, or do you have other questions I can help with?
I'll book the train myself. Thanks for your help today - I'm all set!|It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo!
I'm interested in finding a train that leaves after 09:15 on Monday|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.|May I recommend the 9:32 train from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday?
Sure. Thank you. I would like to book that train for 7 people. Please give me the reference number.|Your reference number is LMJ7AQ90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a place to go in the centre|I can help you with a variety of attractions in the Centre, was there anything in particular you wanted to see or do?
No, can you recommend something?|The Cambridge contemporary art museum is very nice and free!
What is their address?|6 Trinity Street. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|You're welome, have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called hakka?|I can tell you that it's an expensive Chinese restaurant on the Northside. What else would you like to know?
I need to reserve in for Thrusday.|I have a lot of options. Was there a specific area you were interested in? How many people would you like to reserve for?
Yes, I would like a reservation at 18:15 on Thursday for two.|Unfortunately, there are no reservations available for Hakka at 18:15. Would you like to book another day or try another time?
Is there an opening at 17:15?|17:15 was successful. You're reference number is EWFXUJB5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train  that leaves after 17:00 on friday departing from cambridge.|Where will you be traveling to?
I need to go to Birmingham new street.|I have train TR7420 that is departing at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would that be acceptable?
Yes I would like to book the TR7420.|For how many tickets?
Book for two people. And, may I also have the reference number, please.|All set. Your reference number is 5M7M9RN1.
thank you so much goodbye|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great, we have a number of restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular type of food?
No, thank you! I am looking for a train that departs on Monday, though. Can you please help me with that?|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day do you need to travel?
I want to leave from Cambridge traveling to Norwich, arriving by 18:30.|TR8504 will leave at 16:36 and arrive by 17:55. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yes I am looking for a particular restaurant called Shanghai Family Restaurant.|Okay shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
What's the food type?|The shanghai family restaurant serves chinese food. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
No, that is all the information i need. Thank you.|ok, have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves mondern european foods for modest prices.|Yes, there's The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill located in the centre and is on Quayside Off Bridge Street. Their phone number is 01223307030.
That sounds terrific. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you make reservations for us? We'll need a table for 6 on Sunday at 16:30.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is DA8CHTDS. You need need anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.  Good-bye.|You're welcome, good bye!
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Are you looking for something in particular?
Yes. It's called the Golden Wok.|Ok.  Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
book a table for 8 people at 15:45 on tuesday.|Okay, your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is X31YFN1Y
Thank you. I also need to find a train.|I'll be happy to assist you with that. Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing from cambridge to norwich on Wednesday and the train should arrive norwich by 16:45|TR0031 leaves cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Total travel time is 79 minutes. The cost is 17.60 pounds. Will that meet your needs?
yes, thats all tge info i need thanks|Would you like to book tickets? Or is there anything else I can help you with today?
yep your awesome thanks|Okay, glad you enjoyed! Have a good day.
I need help booking a train.  Can you help me?|I would be happy to help.  What day will you be travelling and from which station?
I would like to leave on Saturday from Liecester and arrive by 18:30.|I'm sorry, there are no trains leaving Liecester on Saturday.
I need a train to go from Leicester to Cambridge. This will be on Satruday. Please, look again.|Yes sorry there are some here but the earliest time I have leaving is at 19:09.
Yes, please give me the train id for one.|Sure, TR5790 is the train leaving at 19:09.
I'm also looking for an attraction in the Centre, what do you recommend?|what type of attraction do you want?
I don't know, let's say a museum. I need the address too.|castle galleries is quite nice, they are at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews st. Free admission too
Free is the right price tag for me. I appreciate all your help, that's it for today. Have a great day!|Glad I could help, have a great day.
You too and thank you for your help.  I;m looking forward to a nice day.|That's wonderful! Bye for now!
I'd like to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|There are a few to choose from.  Are you looking for pizza or more of a varied Italian fare?
I would like more varied Italian fare, please.|Well then I would recommend Prezzo in the west that is also moderately priced.
I rather eat somewhere in the centre of town.|Pizza express serves Italian and is in the moderate price range
Yes I am looking for information on a hotel called City Center North B and B.|I cannot find that hotel. Any other hotels you would like to find?
Could you check the spelling(city centre north b and b) and try to search again?|It is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located at 328a histon road on the north side. It has free internet and parking. Phone number and postcode are 01223312843 and cb43ht.
Thank you. Are you able to book that for me?|Sure! give me the following information: Day of visit, number of people and number of days that you will be staying.
Please book for 2 people starting on thursday for 4 nights.|You're all set. Your reference number is HOSVDEGA. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train into Cambridge from London Kings Cross.|there are many trains but you need to tell us which day you want to travel
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you have a time preference?
I need to arrive by 14:15.|The first train leaves at 5:17.
Well that will not work.|The TR2512 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Not at this time. What is the travel time for that train, please?|The TR2512 takes 51 minutes. Anything else you need?
no that will be all thanks|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train that leaves from London Liverpool Street on Thursday, is there any information you can give me about something like that?|Yes. Trains leave from London Liverpool Street every two hours, starting at 05:39. Was there a particular time of day you were interested in?
I would like to arrive by 11:00 in Cambridge.|There are three choices. The TR3839 departs London at 05:39 and arrives Cambridge at 07:07. That's the earliest departure. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, for 3 people, please.|Success! Your 3 seats are reserved and the total will be 49.8 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQ22G015. Can I do anything further for you?
Yes, I'd also like to find a place to go. I was thinking a nightclub would be fun.|Which area would you like for the nightclub?  we have 5 in centre and 1 in south.
It doesn't matter, what would you recommend?|In my opinion, the nicest one is Kambar nightclub. It's in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it?
Sure, can I have the phone number and address?|Their phone number is 01223842725, and they are located at 1 wheeler street.
Great! Thanks for your help today!|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you've covered everything.  Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
Can you tell me about Christ's College?|It is in the center of town. What else would you like to know?
Do you happen to have the telephone number for Christ's College?|I sure do! It's 01223334900. Can I help you with any other information searches today?
I also need a train leaving from bishops stortford to cambridge.|What time do you wish to leave?
I need to leave on Friday some time after 21:30.|There is a train that leaves at 23:29, TR3547.  Would you like me to confirm the reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.|Perfect. Your total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 9C24B086.
Thank you very much, I've got what I need.|Wonderful. Have a great day.
Hi! Can you help me figure out some train schedules? I need to travel by train on Tuesday, and I need to arrive at my destination by 19:00.|Can you tell me your destination and departure locations, please?
Yes I am leaving Cambridge for Stansted Airport.|I have train TR7743 that will arrive by 18:08, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
whats the price  of tickets?|10.10 pounds, per ticket.
Perfect. I also need to book a museum in the west. What options do you have?|I have many options! Cage jello gallery, cambridge and couny folk museum, kettle's yard and lynne strover gallery to name a few. Do any of those stand out?
Yeah can you give me the Cage jello gallery's address, phone number and postcode please?|Cafe jello is located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Post code is cb30af. The phone number is 01223355159.
Thank so much!|Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes, I also need the travel time for the train TR7743.|The travel time is 28 minutes.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.|If that is all you need today you are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a train, but I don't want to have to get up too early. There's something that leaves after 8:15, right?|We have trains that go from early morning to late night, what is the route you will be taking and on what day?
I need to get to Stansted Airport on Monday.|I have the TR0797 departing at 08:40 and arrives at 09:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number|Sure! The reference number for this booking is QA51IFDT and the total fee with be 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks! Could you also help me find somewhere cheap to stay?|I have several options for you, did you want to stay in a particular area?
The area doesn't matter but I do need free wifi, please.|I have 10 places you could stay. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A guesthouse will work out better and I need free parking too.|alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place and it fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
Sure.  The two of us want to stay for two nights starting Saturday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : AVJ0CKBP. anything else?
Great that's all that I needed for today.|Alright, have a lovely day.
Thank you, you too.|Than you very much!
Please find me a train out of bishops stortford on Tuesday|No problem!  When are you looking to depart?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 17:45.|The earliest train after that time is TR9286. It departs at 19:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:07. Would that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like to book it for 8 people, and if I can have the reference number. I wil also be looking for a museum in the centre.|Okay I was able to book that for you and your reference number is 3UMAE1F5.
That's perfect, I want to visit some museums in the town center with the family. Can you suggest some?|how about broughton house gallery? it looks lovely.
That sounds great can I get the phone number and postcode?|Their postcode is cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Will that be all?
Yes. that is all for now. good bye!|Have a great trip!
I need a train on Wednesday, arriving close to 14:45.|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and arriving in Leicester.|There are several trains that would get you Leicester by 14:45. Did you have a departure time in mind?
I have no preference for departure time as long as I arrive by 14:45.|Ok there is one that leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06. Would you like to book that one?
Yes that sounds good, can you please give me the train ID and travel time?|Yes that train's ID is TR2854 and the travel time of the journey is 105 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse on the north side of town.|There is the acorn guest house, out of 33 results, did you need internet, parking, or a certain star?
No, I don't need internet or free parking.  Could you tell me the star ratings for those?|The acorn guest house has a 4 start rating. Would you like to hear other options?
No thanks, but can I have the postcode and price range for the Acorn, please?|Sure, the postcode for Acorn Guest House is cb41da and the price range is in the moderate range.
Great thank you that's all the info I need today.|Wonderful.  Please don't hesitate to contact me again for more help.  Good bye.
I need a train for Tuesday after 12:30|Where would you  like to go
I need to go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|TR2771 leaves at 13:29. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I'll need it booked for 5 people. Can I please have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 38589BRC. what else can i do for you?
I'm looking for a place to go in the south. I'd like it to be of the type multiple sports.|The only multiple sports is located in the east. Can I get you information for that place?
Yes, since there is no multiple sports location can you pleas find me something in the east.|There are ten places in the east to pick form, any specific interest in a type of place?
Anything that would be entertainment.|funky fun house and also cherry hinton hall and grounds are both in the east.
Can I get the address to the funky house?|They are at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate, postal cb58hy, no info on entrance fee but they can be reached at 01223304705 to answer that.
Great that's all I needed to know today, thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hello, do you have a train doing to norwich from cambridge?|Yes, what day and time will you be travelling?
I'm traveling to Norwich on Thursday after 20:00 (8 pm)|Will you be departing from Cabridge?
No, I'm looking to leave from Cambridge.|Ok I have found a train that departs at 22:36 and arrives 23:55 it is 17.60 pounds, would you like me to book it for you?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
I am looking for information on places to stay in Cambridge.|There are 33 places to stay, do you have some criteria to narrow it down?
I need free parking, free wifi, and something moderately priced, please.|There are 14 places to stay, do you have an area you prefer?
Can you find a guesthouse for me?|I have 12 different options. Do you have an area that you prefer to stay in?
No preference I also need a train leaving on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.|And can you tell me your destination please?
Birmingham new street|And when will you be needing to travel?
I would like to leave after 10:45 to birmingham new street.|TR2694 leaves at 11:01, would you like to book that trip?
Yes,please book this trip!|Yes, I can. Will you be traveling alone?
Yes, I'm traveling alone, so just one ticket. Don't forget to find me a guesthouse to stay in, as well!|Your reference number regarding your train ticket is QK4EBNQR. Now, just to confirm did you need a guesthouse?
Can I get the price and travel time for the train?|There are several guesthouses in the area.  archway house is a good fit located at 52 gilbert road.  Would you like to book it?
I still need the price and travel time for train TR2694. For the guesthouse, I need the address and number of stars for a moderate guesthouse with wifi and parking.|75.10 pounds per ticket, the trip lasts 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I was still needing the address and number of stars for a moderately priced guesthouse with free wifi and parking.|I can recommend acorn guest house, they are at 154 chesterton road.
That works! Please book it!|What day would you like to begin your stay. And how many days and people in your party?
How many stars is Acorn Guesthouse, and what is its address?|It is a 4 star hotel and the address is 154 chesterton road, would you like me to book it?
No, don't book it.  Can you look for a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday?|There is a train on Wednesday at 11:01 am.
That sounds good. What is the train ID number? I also need the price and travel time.|The ID is TR2694, the price is 75.10 pounds and the travel time is 163 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Need a train to broxbourne leaving wednesday.|There are several trains to Broxbourne on that day. Do you have a certain time that you need to arrive by?
The train should arrive by 20:15.|The closest time I can get you will be at 10:01, better early than late, I always say!
Wow that's early! What is the departure time and price please?|Actually, I also have TR5293, leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. It's 17.90 pounds. Would that work for you?
Much better! I also need a cheap French restaurant.|Unfortunately we don't have any of those. Want to try a different type of food?
Is there a portuguese restaurant?|you can try Nandos it is 	south cheap price range. telephone no.	01223327908	in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Sounds good can you book that for 8 people at 12:45 on wednesday as well?|Unfortunately, that date and time are unavailable. Do you want me to try for any other day or time?
Can you try 11:45, please?|11:45 it is!  Got you booked for 8.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference #G9H679P3.
Thank you that was all I needed|Have a great day.
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.|Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.|The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?|Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?|Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
Thank you. I will call you back if we decide to stay there.|Okay sounds good is there anything else I can do,
No, thank you. YOu've been a great help.|Your welcome and good bye
Can you help me find a nightclub to go to located in the centre? Thanks.|There are many to chose from. Do you want a recommendation?
Yes please make a suggestion.|Of course I would recommend kambar located at 1 wheeler street.  The entrance fee is 5 pounds.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their postcode as well.|Their postcode is cb23qb. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by 12:00 and should depart from peterborough.
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on monday.|There is a 12:19 that will arrive by 13:09.  How does that sound?
Yes that is fine please make a booking for 7 people.|Reference number is : XV2WDRAA. Is there anything else you need?
Can I get the reference number for this?|The reference number is XV2WDRAA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all for today, thank you.|I'm happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need a train out of Norwich on Thursday.|What is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge, I need to get in by 18:00|I have several trains, shall I book one?
As long as I'm there by 18:00 it doesn't matter.|I have booked you a train arriving at 17:35, the reference number is U0BVSOSQ and the total fee of 17.6 GBP will be payable at the station.
Thank you for your help! Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre; goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Good choice. What can i help you with?
bridge guest house is what Im looking for for 7 people and 3 nights|I would like to help you book your hotel. What day would you like to reserve it for?
I'd like for it to start on Wednesday.|Your reference number is: JN5H0ILV. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train that gets in to cambridge that day. I won't be able to leave until after 13:15 though.|I have many trains available. What is your departure site and time you would like to arrive?
I'm looking to come from broxbourne.|There are 11 trains that fit your needs. The earliest arrives at 14:32. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Pick the best one and please give price and Train ID.|How many tickets do you need?
I would just like the know the price per ticket please.  And the train ID.|The train ID is TR3470 and the cost is 17.90 pounds.
Thanks so much. That was everything I needed at this time.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm looking for a train, it should leave on tuesday and should depart from cambridge|Sure. Do you have any preference for departure or arrival time?
I want to depart from cambridge on tuesday at 14:00 and go to bishops stortford|TR8017 leaves at 15:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 8 tickets.|I was able to book those tickets for you. Your reference number is 0MHT5ESU. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Can you give me a few places to go in town for architecture?|For architecture you have all saints church, old school, holy trinity church, and little saints mary's church.  Would you like any information on any of those?
Yeah, holy trinity church sounds good. Can I get the postcode for that?|Yes, it's postcode cb23nz. Would you also like their address or phone number?
Nah, that's all I needed.|Great, text us back anytime, and have a good day!
hello.  I'm trying to get to kings lynn on sunday.  can you help?|Of course. To be of better service can I ask your departure location and what time you would like to arrive on Sunday?
Depart from cambridge and arriving by 0930 please|TR8042 will depart cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arrive in Kings Lynn at 8:58.  How many tickets would you like to book?
That will work, I just need 1 ticket please and also the reference number.|I've booked it. Your reference number is 6UPAI5J3. What else can I do for you today?
what attractions do you have in the centre of town?|There are multiple types of attractions in the centre of town. What are you interested in so I can better help you?
Something located in the city centre. Also may I have their phone number?|We have 44 entries in the area. What type would you like?
I am not entirely sure. What would you recommend?|Are you interested in archaeology? Our Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology might interest you. Or if you want to exercise, Parkside Pools would be a fun venue.
The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sounds good. Can I get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223333516
Great, that's all I need, thank you!|Awesome, have a great day!
I'm just looking for a place to go in the centre of the town.|I have 44 attractions in the centre of town.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend I need the phone number and entrance fee information as well.|I would recommend the old schools. The address is trinity lane and it's free admission. Will this work?
Perfect. May I have the entrance fee and phone number please?|The entrance fee is free and the phone number is 01223332320.
I'm also looking for a train that departs after 13:00 from Stevenage.|sure, what's your destination?
It should be going to Cambridge|TR7785 leaves at 13:54. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Book for 8 people please.|I was able to book it for you the reference number is I9C3W0X1. The cost is 102.40 gbp that you can pay at the station.
Okay, great! That's all I needed. Thanks! Have a good day!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should go to stevenage.|I have 10 options available. Is there a particular time you wish to depart?
Yes, I have to leave Cambridge and arrive by 19:45 in Stevenage.|TR5695 departs at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10. Can I book that for you?
Yes please, just myself. Can you please provide the reference number as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 26IZGBI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel as well.|OK, where are you wanting the hotel to be at, or do you have a specific price range you would like to stay in?
No price range,please book me a place and I need postcode|What type of lodging would you prefer?  And in which area?
Actually I think I've heard of a specific place - the Bridge Guest House? Do you have any info on them?|The bridge guest house is located in the south and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. But can you provide me with their postcode?|Sure, the postcode is cb28rj. Anything else I can get you today?
No that is all the information I needed. Thank you for all your help. Goodbye|Your welcome, good bye
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.|What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying?
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?|I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area?
I do not have a preference on area.|I can suggest the avalon located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?|It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well?
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?|Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is  ZG7G439M. Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.|There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?
I am leaving after 16:45, can I also get the price for the tickets?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Okay! Would you like to take the train that leaves at 17:06?
i want one that will leave at 16:45 as i said earlier|There is not one that leaves at 16:45.
It doesn't need to leave at 16:45, but after.  Sorry about that.|TR5473 leaves Cambridge at 17:06 and arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Will that work for you?
That sounds like it might work, could you just forward me the price of that one please?|That train ride will cost 13.20 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
That will be all today, thank you!|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Goodbye.
I would like to dine at a restaurant serving Indian food on the east side of town. Any suggestions?|Okay there are four different restaurants. What is your price range?
Price does not matter.|I would recommend Pipasha Restaurant.
Great, can you book me for 5 people at 11:45 on tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MLAA1D4V. anything else i can help you with today?
I also need to travel by train to Norwich, some time on Tuesday after 14:30.|There is a train departing Cambridge for Norwich at 14:36 on Tuesday.  Would you like me to book this?
Yes please and I need a confirmation number|It has been booked! Reference number is BSJKVN2Y. Do you need anything else?
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to take a train to cambridge on thursday.|There are 202 trains to Cambridge that day.
I am leaving London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by 14:15.|TR2512 will depart at 13:17 and arrive at 14:08. The trip will take 51 minutes and it will cost 23.60 pounds. Would you like book?
No, not yet. I would like to know what kinds of colleges I can visit whilst I'm in town though.|We have many options, 18 to be exact, any preference for area?
Could you recommend a college that is enjoyed by the most people? I would like the college's phone number and entrance fee, please.|Clare college costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 01223333200. Anything more for you today?
Nope, that takes care of all my needs! Thanks, goodbye!|Happy to help, have a great day!
I'm going to need a train on Wednesday.  I need to arrive by 16:00.|Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester.|What will be your destination?
I am going to cambridge|There are trains arriving in Cambridge 6 minutes before the hour throughout the day. Which time would be best for you?
As long as i arrive close to 16:00 I am good.|TR 8292 arrives in Cambridge at 14:54 on Wednesday.  It costs 37.80 pounds.  How many tickets can I book for you?
I don't actually need to book at the moment. I just need to know the departure time and travel time for this train, if you don't mind.|Sure. The TR8292 departs at 13:09. The ride is 105 minutes long. Do you have any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye!|Thank you, and have a pleasant trip. Goodbye.
Hello!  I need to book a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|The TR9859 will take you there on friday.  Need a ticket?
I need the train to leave after 18:45 on Sunday.|Sure,  TR7734 will get you to Peterborough on Sunday.  It leaves at 19:06.  How does that work?
What is the total travel time?|The total travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book that for me.  I'm also looking for Club Salsa.  Can you tell me where that is located?|How many tickets are you needing?
one ticket please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : CZ4831YE. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm trying to find out where Club Salsa is, and what the postcode and phone number are please.|Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. The post code is cb12jb. The phone number is 07782218745. Can I be of further assistance?
I'm not familiar with that address.  What part of town is that in?|It is in the Centre.
Thank you. Those are my questions for today. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge, looking for a train|OK, I can set you up.  Will you be coming to or from cambridge?  I could also use a date and time.
I am headed into Cambridge from Leicester.|Ok, and what day do you want to travel?
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on sunday and book it for 2 people thank you|Train TR0440 will get you to Cambridge by 09:54. I will book it for you. Your total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1YRU0L1Z.
I also need the name and number for an expensive restaurant in the city center.|Ok.  There are 33 options to choose from.  Are you interested in a particular type of food?
Yes expensive Korean food.|Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, please book a table.|Okay, for how many people and what time?
for 2 peopl  at 18:15 on sunday|Okay perfect. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XSMICBEN. Anything else?
No. That is all for today. Thank you.|OKay great it was a pleasure working with you today.
I've got to run so I'm not late for work. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge and going to Ely. Can you help?|I can help! There are many options
I need to leave on Friday and arrive by 21:45.|There is the TR6053 that arrives by 20:07. Do you want me to book it?
What's the travel time on that one?|You can book TR6053 since it is only a 17 minute trip. Thank you
What time does that train leave Cambridge? I also need a place to stay in Ely, with free parking and free wifi?|The train leaves ely at 19:50. Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Really makes no difference to me as long as its on the North side of town|I have about 11 different places so far. Do you have a certain price range in mind? That may help narrow it down some.
I will take any suggestions you have.|The hamilton lodge is moderately priced and has 3 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
Can you confirm if the hamilton lodge has both free parking and free wifi?|Yes, the hamilton lodge has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book?
No, not today. I just needed information.|No problem, anything else besides the hotel and train today?
no that is all thanks|You are welcome. It was a pleasure serving you from Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm looking for a train that gets into Cambridge by 09:30|We have lots of trains that come in by then.  Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn.|What day would you like to travel?
Wednesday is the day I want, please.|I have a train that gets into Cambridge by 08:58.
That would work perfectly. Can you get me 5 tickets for that train?|Your booking was successful and the amount due at the station is 49 GBP. Your reference number is OGXNDTVX. Can I do anything else for you?
I need a place to dine that serves chinese food and is in the south.|There are three restaurants available. Did you have a price preference?
Not really. Can I just have the address, postcode, and phone for  your favorite?|the good luck chinese food takeaway is expensive. the phone number is 01223244149. the address and postcode are 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17ag. anything else?
That is all I need.|Ok great. Have a great day.
Can you direct me to a Catalan restaurant that is moderately priced please?|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything serving catalan food that is moderately priced. Would you like me to check a different cuisine type or price range?
yes how about a moderate mexican restaurant?|Sorry, but there are no mexican restaurants in the price range either. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Italian would work just as good.|Italian is a wonderful choice. There is a pizza express in centre, would you like to make a reservation?
No, but could you give me the phone number for Pizza Express?|The phone number is 01223324033.
I am also looking for a train going to Bishops Stortford that leaves after 15:30.|What day would you be traveling on?
I need it for Friday an I'm departing from Cambridge|Okay I have a 17:30 that arrives at 18:07. would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure if I want to book yet or not, can you confirm the travel time for that one?|Of course. TR1567 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.
Thanks that's all I need have a good day.|Okay great, have a good day!
Hi, I need to take a train on Wednesday, can you help me?|Absolutely! Where will you be heading to and leaving from?
I need to leave Peterborough for Cambridge Wednesday after 19:15.|There are 10 options available for the same price, 16.50pounds. Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
As long as I leave by 19:15 it will be fine.  There are 4 of us.|Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : MCCA0VK8.
Thank you for all your help.|We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes they sure have, thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need to find a modern european restaurant in the south please.|Yes, the restaurant alimentum is a great choice, would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 3 on Monday at 13:00, please.|Your booking is successful. Your reference number is JCI12G5U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thanks! Have a great day!
Actually, I do need something else. A train home that leaves Cambridge after 16:45.|I'll need some additional information from you before we can proceed. Where will you be traveling to and on what day?
I need to go to Bishops Stortford on Tuesday.|I have train TR2153 that will leave at 17:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would that work for you?
That's perfect.  Can you make a reservation for 3 on that train, please?|I can make the reservation for you.
Great!  I just need the reference number.|You all set the reference number is ALH3FL92, can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That's it. Bye!|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I need a train on friday to arrive by 15:30|I have 206 trains that arrive somewhere by 14:30. Where are you heading to?
I am headed to Cambridge.|Where are you coming to visit us from?
I'll be coming from Leicester.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I would just like the id for the train that fits that billing.|TR4625 arrives in Cambridge Friday by 14:54 on Friday. Would you like to book a seat?
No, thanks just needed the ID. Can you please look for a restaurant for me in the centre? In the moderate price range preferably.|There are 21 restaurants matching your query. I recommend cotto.
Does it serve Turkish food? If so, please book that for 1 at 20:30 on the same day. If that doesn't work then Monday. Can I have the reference number?|It does not, but there are two restaurants in the centre that do serve turkish food. Do you prefer efes restaurant or anatolia?
Can you book a reservation at Anatolia for 1 person at 20:30?|What day would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have an opening on Friday at that time?|I was able to book a table for you for Friday at 20:30. The reference number is Z88H8Y12. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all your help!|Let us know if we can assist you in the future.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Well how can I help you with that?
I am looking for architecture attractions to visit.|There are about 5 in town and they are all located in the centre area. Are you looking for one in particular?
No, any of them will do.  Could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Great Saint Mary's Church is in postcode cb23pq and their phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to norwich that arrives by 12:30 on sunday.|The TR9533 train arrives at 11:55.  May I book it for you?
no what is the travel time on that?|The travel time for that route is 79 minutes. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome. Have we met all of your needs today?
yes thank you that will be all|Okay sounds good let me know if you need anything else. thank you
No that is everything I need from you today.|Have a wonderful day.
Any fancy restaurants in town?|We have tons of options!  Whats your favorite type of food?
I was looking for Chinese food.|We have several restaurants serving Chinese food in town.  What price range and part of town would you prefer?
I would like expensive Chinese food located in the centre of town please.|You can try sesame restaurant and bar at 17 Hills Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223358899. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for 2 people on Sunday at  17:15.|I made those reservations and your reference number is DL52IYMD.
Alright great, that's all I need thank you!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your dinner.
I need a train that leaves after 15:00 on Tuesday.|I can help with that.  What are your departure and destination choices?
Cmabridge to Norwich.|There is a train leaving at 15:36 that arrives by 16:55 on the date you chose.  Would you like to book a spot now?
Yes, and I also need that for 3 people and the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 1Q1VEFOG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any expensive restaurants in town that serve British food?|Yes, I recommend Graffiti. It's a fine British restaurant on the west side of town.
Could I get the reference number?|What time would you like to eat? Are you eating with the same 3 people?
Yes, the same party. I'd like the reservation for 10:00 that same Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PX5OGMLQ. Anything else for you today?
No thanks. That's it. Have a good one. Bye.|Have a great day and text us back anytime!
I am looking for train from London Kings Cross and should leave after 21:30.|We have several trains available. Is there a particularly day you wish to leave on?
I would be leaving on Tuesday going to Cambridge.|I have one train available that meets what you need. Train TR2471 leaves at 23:17 and arrives on 24:08. Would you like me to book you a ticket for this train?
Yes, please. Can I have the Train ID and total travel time, as well?|Sure. The train ID is TR2471 and the duration is 51 minutes.
Thanks. Can you also help with a guesthouse to stay out? I prefer in the east.|There are six.  Would you like one moderately priced or cheap?
Doesn't matter, do any have a 4 star rating?|Yes I have many 4 star guesthouses matching your criteria. Do you have a preference for free parking and/or internet amenities?
Sure free parking is fine, let me know if they do or don't. Please also give me a phone number, internet doesn't matter.|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has free parking and their phone number is 01223247015, do you want me to book a reservation for you?
No. I don't need a reservation now. Thank you very much for all your help.|Terrific, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that'll do it, thanks for your time!|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
I'd like to get to Cambridge by train, but I'm afraid I need to travel on Sunday. Will that be possible?|From where are you departing?
I am leaving from Broxbourne.|There are 19 trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time when you need to travel?
Can you get me one that'll arrive by 18:30?|I have just the train for you!  TR9331 will arrive in Cambridge at 17:32, which is within your desired timeframe.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please.  I need 2 tickets.|I was able to get 2 tickets. Your total is 28.64 GBP and will be payable at the station. Your reference number is 8UDKCNBU.
Perfect, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the area, preferably in the North. Do you have an option that has free parking?|We have many in that area with free parking. Might I suggest the acorn guest house?
Sure. Please book for 4 nights starting on the same day.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you so much.  Can I get the reference number also, please?|I'm sorry, how many people would you like to book the room for?
2 people, 4 nights, for sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : I78WB6O9.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks a bunch! Goodbye|You're welcome, it was a pleasure serving you!
What can you tell me about Great Saint Mary's Church?|Yes, it is a beautiful place known for architecture located in the centre area.  It is on market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Can I get the phone number please?|01223350914, is the phone. Need anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives at 18:45.|There are many that arrive at that time, what destination would you like?
I am going to london kings cross on wednesday.|I have a train TR372 leaving cambridge at 5:00 and arriving at london kings cross 5:51. Would you like to reserve this?
Yes, please.  I need 6 tickets and a reference number.|The booking was successful. The total fee for 6 tickets is 141.6 GBP, and the reference number is DP9XQXKS. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's all! Thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am leaving Tuesday and need to take a train from Cambridge to Ely|Certainly. It looks like the trip is 17 minutes long. When would you like to leave?
I need the train to arrive by 11:15.|The TR3246 arrives at 10:07, would you like to book that train?
When does that train depart?|The train departs at 09:50.
Great.  I'm not ready to book today though.  I am also looking for a place to stay.|where are you staying and for how long and how many rooms please
I don't know where I am staying. I'm looking for a guesthouse and I thought you could help.|There is a variety of guesthouses to choose from.  How much would you like to spend?  We have cheap, moderate, and expensive.
I would like the expensive price range.|I don't have anything in the expensive range that fits that criteria.
If you can't find a guesthouse, could you look for a hotel?|There are 5 available hotels. What area were you looking to stay?
i would prefer the south. are there any in that area?|There is one expensive hotel in the south -- The Lensfield Hotel. It is a 3-star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from Thursday.
Make sure you get the reference number|The Lensfield Hotel will be expecting the 3 of you to arrive on Thursday and to stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VOGVC4RY.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford.|There are 70 trains departing from that location, would you like to narrow it down some?
I am looking to go to cambridge on thursday.|I have 10 available trains. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Thursday and get there by 9:15, is that OK?|Yes. There are two available trains. One leaves at 5:29 and arrives by 6:07 and the other leaves by 7:29 and arrives by 8:07. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the later one, please. I'll need 8 tickets.|Sure, we have one other option TR1242 leaves at 07:29 and arrives at 08:07. For 8 people your reference number is : 6A76VGSK.
Okay great! Thanks for all your help.|It's my pleasure. Goodbye!
Can you please tell me how to get to the Curry King restaurant please?|Curry King restaurant is located in the centre of town, address 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, postcode cb21ug.
Could I please get a table booked for 1 person on Sunday at 20:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : PQ0VC3CL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, yes, I also need to find a train. I'd like to leave on Monday, departing from Cambridge.|Might I ask if you had a destination and arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive at birmingham new street by 11:30.|Fantastic, there are five options available to you, all priced at 75.10 pounds. They leave a minute after the hour every hour, starting at 5 am. Which would you prefer?
I'll take the third train.  For one person, and I need the reference number.|Hello, the reference number for your booking is B6OKTGHX.
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for information in Cambridge. I need a train ticket. Can you help?|Certainly. What is your departure location and your arrival location?
I would like to depart from London Liverpool Street and arrive in Cambridge. I would like to leave Sunday and arrive by 16:45?|There are 6 days that arrive before 16:45 on this day. Did you have any other preferences?
The train that arrives closest to 16:45 is best. I just need to know what time it leaves and arrives. Oh and of course it's ID.|Of course! That will be TR6578 leaving at 13:39 and arriving at 15:07. The price is 13.28 pounds and it's an 88 minute duration. May I help with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a place to go in the west part of town. With preference to college.|In the west part of town Clare College.  The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Great that's all the information I need!|Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Have a great day.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any other questions you may have in the future.
I am going to cambridge and need a hotel|I can help with that. Do you have a preferred price range in mind?
Not really.  I like 4 star places that include free parking though.|I have several places. Which area would you prefer to be in.
I'd like to be in the north side of town.|I did not find a hotel that fits your criteria on the north side of town, but there are several guesthouses.  Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Can you provide me the phone number and price range of the best guest house?|Yes the phone number to the acorn guest house 01223353888 with a price range of moderate
I am also look for a train on saturday to broxbourne.|There are several trains headed to broxbourne. What time of day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 16:15.|Train TR5688 is departing to broxbourne at 17:01 would you like to book this?
Yes, can you please book for 3 seats?|That booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP and your reference #1l0FBGWG
Thank you. That's everything I needed.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a nighclub in the south part of the town.|The Place is a nightclub in the South. Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes.  I want the address, postcode and phone number.|Their address is 22 sidney street, postcode cb23hg, and their phone number is 01223324600.
I also need a train. Cambridge to Leicester.|Sure, I can help you with that.  When were you looking to leave?
The train should leave on Saturday and arrive by 15:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LN5I5NN8.
I would like to go to a museum.|Cambridge offers 23 museums. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No, just the one you like. I will need the address and phone number.|I would recommend the museum of classical archaeology. It's in the west side on sidgwick avenue. The phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train that should leave on sunday and go to london kings cross.|There are approx. 10 trains for that day and route. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave after or arrive by?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 13:00|I have train TR9386 that will depart at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51.  Does that sound like it would work for you?
is there anything that leaves closer to 13:00??|Yes, the TR7447 Leaves at 13:00. How many tickets please?
How much does train TR9386 cost as I would prefer that one?|It costs 18.88 pounds.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, that will be it! Thank you!|Glad I could help you. Have a good day!
Hey. I'm looking for a train to stevenage|What day will you be traveling on?
I would like to travel on Monday evening.|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge. And I'd like to leave after 18:00.|TR9082 leaves at 19:21 the cost is 12:80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes. I'm also looking for a museum on the East side of town please.|I have 4 museums in the east. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Which would you like?
I would like Cambridge Artworks. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for it?|Phone is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef.
Thank you for your help.|you're so welcome, is there anything else i can help you with?
No, I don't think so.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you goodbye
I need a place to stay with a star rating of 0.|Okay we have three options in that category. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre of Cambridge?
That doesn't matter as long as the hotel is expensive.|I have none in that price range,can I check in another realistic price range?
How about something cheap?|I ave 2 listings one for city centre north b and b and another for el shaddai.
Does the City Centre North B and B offer free wifi? If so, can you please book it for Saturday with 8 guests, 2 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is  WDVI9XCT. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh, we need a train departing from norwich going to cambridge. Can you give me some departure times and how long is the travel?|Trains leave every hour and the travel time is 79 minutes.  Can I book a certain day and time for you?
I would like a train leaving after 18:15 on the same day as my hotel booking.|I have train TR8600 leaving at 18:16 and arriving at 19:35.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?|How many seats will you need?
I won't need a ticket. Can I just have the price, please?|The price is 14.08 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks. i'm done. have a nice day. bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.|I can definitely help you out with that. Is there a certain area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to be in the centre of town, and I need the hotel to include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range. It has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect. There will be six of us.|I will need to know how many nights and what day you will be starting your stay before we finish the booking.
We will be arriving on Friday and staying 3 nights.|I have booked your stay at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for Friday for 3 days for 6 people. Your reference number is DJF36WMD. Is there anything else I can help you with today.
I will need to take a train from Leicester on the same day as my hotel booking.|All trips from leicester cost 37.8 pounds and take 105 minutes. Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:45 heading for Cambridge. Go ahead and book the closest time and give me the train ID and arrival time.|The train ID is TR9629, leaving at 18:09 and arriving by 19:54. Can you tell me how many tickets you would like to purchase?
I'd like one ticket please.|Alright I've booked you one ticket, the total will be 37.79 and your reference number is PGY0G1J2. How else can I help you?
Can you please schedule a taxi to take me from the station to my hotel?|Sure, you need a taxi to  Alexander Bed and Breakfast from where, and do you have an arrival time request?
I do not. I just need the train ID and what arrival time it has.|The train arrives by 19:54 and TR9629 is the train id.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with? Possibly entertainment or places to visit on your trip?
Please send me general information about a particular hotel called the lensfield hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive hotel in the south rated 3 stars. Internet and parking are included in the price of your stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for just me starting on Monday?|it was  successful.Reference number is : MB909S4Y.
I am also looking for a train out of bishops stortford please.|i will book it for you and thank you for your time with us
I need to book a train that leaves after 13:45 on Tuesday.|What is your destination?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.|The first train out of Cambridge after 13:45, going to London Liverpool Street, is the TR9404, which leaves at 13:59.
Ok, how much is the ticket?|The ticket is 16.60 pounds.
I cant afford that is there anything cheaper?|Unfortunately, there is not from that destination.
I will have to take it then.|Just to confirm, would you like me to book Train TR9494 for 1 seat?
yes. im also looking for a place to eat|I was able to book the ticket the reference number is ZPDXC5NW. What area would you like the restaurant?
I would like a Italian food in the centre.|There are several Italian restaurants in the center. Do you want a cheap, moderate or expensive price range?
Price doesn't matter.  Can you recommend one that you love?|i recommend the don pasquale pizzeria. do you need a reservation?
Yes I do, for the same day. We will need a table for 6 at 10:15 please.|Okay great! I was able to book that and your reference number is  FU7FV4QM.
Thank you , that is all|Can I look up anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That is all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like a ticket for a train going to Ely, leaving on Thursday please?|Hello, there are trains leaving every two hours on the :50's, would you prefer a morning, afternoon, or evening departure?
I want to leave after 14:15.|The first departure from cambridge to ely on Thursday leaves at 15:50. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thank you but I'll need the train ID and travel time.|No worries. It is the TR0013 and lasts for 17 minutes.
Thanks. I was also wondering about restaurants. Any chance there are places that serve new zealand cuisine?|I am not finding anything, can you please tell me where you are dining? Is it Cambridge or Ely?
Ely please. Sorry for any confusion. Any type of food is fine, I am not picky.|I found 110 restaurants, do you have anything to narrow it down?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food|There is Saigon City on 169 High Street in Chesterton and Kymmoy on 52 Mill Road in City Centre.
Please make reservations for me at Saigon City.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for you at saigon city, how many people will be in your party and for what day and time?
You know what, I'm not sure, that you for your information. I'll get back to you to make a reservation.|Is there anything else I can help you with today, then?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Thank you for using our services.
Is there a place in the centre that serves asian oriental food?|We have the dojo noodle bar do you want to book ?
That sounds great, yes please book that.|I would be happy to do that for you. What day and time would you like?
14:00 on Monday.|Okay, great. I'll just need the number of people attending to make your reservation.
The reservation needs to be for 8 people.|Your reservation is all set. Reference number H1IITSND.
i also will be needing a trian|I can help you. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Bishops Stratford.  I want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:00.|TR0532 arrives at 08:07. Do you need a ticket?
make a booking for the same group of people.|Reference number is : O2VN10GD. Is there anything else?
No thank you. That will be all.|Okay, enjoy your trip!  Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train for Friday?|There are 404 entries for trains departing on Friday. Where will you be headed?
i'm headed to cambridge|Ok, we've narrowed it down to 202 trains, where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the stansted airport, and any time after 8:00 is fine. Can you tell me how much that will cost?|The cost will be 10.10 pounds. The TR1756 train leaves Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 8:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I am also looking for any parks in the north side of the city, do you know any?|Yes indeed, there is milton country park. What would you like to know about it?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address and postcode please?|Milton Country Park's phone number is 01223420060, its post code is	cb46az and its address is milton country park, milton. Anything else I can help you with?
Great that is all the information I need, thank you.|I'm glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
I'm looking for a train that departs out of town on Monday. I'm in Cambridge now.|There are many trains that match this search. Where would you like your destination to be?
What trains do you see listed leaving Monday?|Well, there are 202 total, where would you want to go?
I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.|We have ten trains leaving from Cambridge to London - Liverpool Street. Did you need to arrive by a particular time?
Yes, I need leave before 1:00 PM.|Alright. TR7276 Leaves Cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at London Liverpool St at 13:27. Does that work?
No, I need to arrive by 12:00.|The TR3085 leaves cambridge on monday at 0959 and arrives at london liverpool street at 11:27. Does that work?
Yes thanks but I need the price for the train.|The cost for the train is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Could you also help me find a moderately priced lodging?|there are 3 available hotels, do you need free parking?
Yes. I also would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.|The archway house fits your criteria. Would you like to book there?
Does the Archway House have internet?|Yes, I believe it does.
What's the phone number there?|Their phone number is 01223575314.
Great, thanks. Can I please also get the address?|Sure, it is located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary, that's all I needed. Thank You!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye!|Thank you for calling!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, looking for a train|sure, what day will you be traveling?
I need to leave on a Saturday.|Please tell me your destination and departure site so that I can narrow down the options
norwich and should leave at 10:30|Just to clarify, you want to leave Norwich to head into Cambridge on Saturday, after 10:30?
Yes, correct. I'd like to make a booking on that train for 3 people.|Sorry, there is no 10:30 train available, but I could book you on an 11:16 train instead.
Yes, that would be fine. And I will need a reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3PH9MFON. anything else?
Yes, I need somewhere to eat that day. Are there any good Italian restaurants on the south side of town?|There are a couple of options.  Did you have a preference between moderately priced and expensive?
That doesn't matter.  Could you recommend something?|I would recommended frankie and bennys.  Do you need a reservation?
Sounds good. I need to book a reservation for 3 people.|What time and day would you like to reserve it for?
I need to book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.|Excellent. Your booking was successful and your reference number is WCEMVAAG. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Great! Thank you!|Can I assist you further, today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|I'm glad we could be of assistance today. Good-bye.
I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.|Ok, what day will you be traveling?
Thursday. I need to arrive by 12:45.|The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?
Yes, that works.  Can I get the train id number and the price please?|the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.
What is the departure time of that also please?|TR7966 departs at 5:40.
Great.  Now I need a place to stay.|There are 33 different lodging options in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
It should be a 4 star hotel.|What area and price range are you looking for?
Type doesn't matter. I want it to be cheap and in the north. With a 4 star rating.|The worth house is located in the north and cheap, would you like a reservation?
Is it rated 4 stars?|Yes it is a four star. It also has free internet and free parking. When were you planning your stay?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : M0ZETXSZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. I am all set.|That's great. Have a safe trip. goodbye.
I am looking for a train to stevenage.|Ok.  Where are you leaving out of?
I'm leaving out of Cambridge.|Great there are 70 trains, do you have a day or time?
I need to arrive by 9:30 on Thursday.|TR2016 leaves at 05:21 and arrives by 06:10. Would you like to book this train?
Yes for 4 people please. I will need the reference number.|4 tickets to arrive by 9:30!
Can I have the reference number for the train booking please?|I have another train that leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10 if that would be better?
That is not better. I would like a reference number for the 4 tickets already booked, please.|Sure thing. The reference number is L130XFN9. How else may I help?
Thanks. That's all I need. Have a good day.|You as well, enjoy your trip!
I need a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.|We have 5 places in the center, ranging from cheap to expensive. What's your price range?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse and I would like the place to have a 1 star rating.Is anything like that available?|No, but I do have a 0 star! Want to live on the wild side and give it a try?
I don't think so. How about one with a 4-star rating then?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is just what you need, then. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. I'd just like to know about the parking, price range, and phone number, please?|Alexander B&B is a cheap guesthouse. They are 4 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Their postcode is cb12de. Phone number is 01223525725.
Awesome, thanks. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday after 13:15.|I can help you find a train but first  I need to know your departure and arrival station.
I am departing from Standsted Airport and would like to go to Cambridge.|We have 11 trains leaving every hour from 13:24 to 23:24. How early or late do you want to leave?
let's go with 13:24. Please give me the arrival time and train id.|The train ID is TR6980, it will arrive by 13:52, can I assist with anything else?
That is all for tonight. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello there, please find me a restaurant on the West side that serves  scandinavian food|There are no restaurants of that type available in the west. Would you prefer to try a different area or a different type of cuisine?
How about indian cuisine then?|There are 6! What price range would you like?
The price range doesn't matter but I would like to make a reservation at one you may recommend.|I recommend the Meghna.  It has moderate pricing and great food.  Will that be satisfactory?
Yes. That will do just fine. Can you reserve me a table for 5 people on Friday at 13:15 please?|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TE8OOTZC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a train to birmingham new street on saturday?|We show 19 trains going to birmingham new street from cambridge. Do you have a preference as to the time?
I do need to get there by 08:30. Can you tell me the travel time for that route?|TR4975 will get you there by 07:44 leaving cambridge at 05:01. Travel time is 163 minutes cost is 60.08 pounds. Would you like me to book seats for you?
No I don't nee it booked yet. Thank you for all the help.|Thank you for spending time in Cambridge, hope you have a pleasant stay.
Does Cambridge offer any expensive, Singaporean cuisine?|There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search in a different price range?
How about Indian food instead? I like Indian food just as much.|I can book you a table at cocum.
No thanks, I just need the phone number and postcode, for now.|The phone number is 01223366668.  The post code is  cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a hotel?|of course, is there an area of town you're interested in?
I actually need a train. For Thursday.|Where you travel to and from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and it should arrive at Peterborough by 11:15.|Ok great. The TR9886 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it for two!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 13I8FUI1.
Thank you for the service, that's all I needed.|You are welcome.  Have a pleasant stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Yes I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Peterborough.|And where will the destination be?
I would like to go to Cambridge.|There are 38 trains that can get you there, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after 13:00|The TR5003 train leaves Peterborough at 13:48. I can book you a seat on it if you'd like.
I don't need a ticket right now, but could you tell me the travel time and price?|A single ticket costs 16.50 pounds and total travel time is about 50 minutes. Will that be all today?
I changed my mind can you book that for me please?|Your all set, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : EEJF27IZ.  Bye!
I'm looking for attractions to go in the centre of Cambridge, please.|I show 44 attractions in the centre of Cambridge. Was there a specific type of attraction you were looking for?
I don't really know. What do you suggest in the city center?|There is much architecture here worth taking a tour of. I am a fan of All Saint's Church.
Sounds good. What is their entrance fee?|Entrance to All Saints is free.
Great. What is All Saint's Church's address and postcode, please?|They are located at jesus lane, and their postcode is cb58bs
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Norwich, could you help me find one?|Sure, there are 133 trains from cambridge to norwich.  What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.|There are 19 trains that go to norwich from cambridge what time would you like to leave or arrive?
09:15 and should depart from cambridge|There are none that will leave by 09:15 will the 09:36 be ok?
Actually, I need to arrive by 09:15. Is there anything early morning on Monday from Cambridge to Norwich?|Train TR5773 suits your needs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, what's the price and departure time on TR5773?|The departure time is 07:36. It is 17.60 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for your help|Great, have a good day!
Can you tell me about the Carolina B&B?|The carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east that is in the moderate price range. Are you looking to stay a specific day?
Yes, I need the guesthouse starting Wednesday for 6 people and 3 nights.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book that for me.|Oh dear. I am sorry but the hotel is not available for the time specified. Could we look at a different day or number of nights?
Oh sure, try for 2 nights instead of 3.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is LNE5KHXR
I would also like to find a train that will arrive by 13:45 departing from Cambridge.|Sure, I will be happy to assist you. What day would you want to travel?
I need to get to Kings Lynn on Friday.|TR2621 leaves Friday at 12:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58.  Can I book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people. Please provide me with the reference number as well.|Booking was successful. The total price is 58.8 GBP and your reference number is 24ZD48NB.
Great, thank you!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all for now. Goodbye.|No problem. Thank you!
I need to get to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you find me a train from Kings Lynn please?|We have several different time slots for Sundays train to Kings Lynn. What time is good for you?
I need to leave after 15:00.|The first train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn departing after 15:00 is the TR2965, leaving at 15:11. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
Yes.  Please book that for 3 people.|I booked the train. Your reference is HFQYOUMG. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel on the north side of town with a 1 star rating|What is your preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price, but it must include free parking.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels fitting your criteria. Would you like to search for something different?
If there is no such hotel, how about one that has a star of 4|I'm sorry I do not have any 4 star hotels in the north part of town with free parking. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Huh. That's odd. I was told there was a good one.|On the north side there are 2 moderate priced hotels both have free parking and internet. They are both 2 stars. Would you be interested in one of these?
I really would prefer a 4 star hotel. Can you please look again on the north side?|I looked again, and there's nothing meeting your criteria. We have several 4 star guesthouses in the north with parking, would that work?
Sure, I'll need it for the same group of people for 3 nights.|Would you like me to recommend a 4-star guest house is the north?
Would you like me to book it for you ?|I would recommend the acorn house.
Ok, can you book for same group of people 3 nights starting on same day?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VTJW67PC. Acorn guest house starting Sunday for 3 people and 3 nights. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You have helped me with everything I need today.  Thank you! That will be all.|Have a great time.
Hi there. I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge.|where are you going to? and what time would you like to travel?
I am going to Peterborough and it should arrive by 17:00 on Tuesday.|Train TR5902 will suit your needs. May I book it for you?
Yes please, I need to book it for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 9YJM47UH.
Thank you I also need help with a hotel. I am looking for a 4 star hotel. What you got?|I have 3 entries available. 2 in the west and 1 in the centre. Do you have a price in mind? Two are expensive and one is cheap
I would prefer the cheaper one, please. What's it called?|The cambridge belfry is located on the west side and is super cheap.
They sound like just what I need. Could you verify whether they have free parking, and give me their address?|Yes they have both free wifi and parking. It's located at back lane, cambourne in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range, the place should have free parking.|The cambridge belfry is available, would you like to book there?
Yes, please for 6 people starting tuesday night.|how many days will you be staying?
I'm sorry, I changed my mind. I don't need a room booked. I just need their address.|No problem. Their address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks. That is all I needed.|If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us, we're always happy to help.
Hey, are there any good museums in town?|We have 23 amazing museums to visit in cambrigde. Is there a specific area you will be visiting to help narrow the choices?
I'd like to stay in the Centre area.|How about the broughton house gallery? It's a very nice place to visit!
Sounds great! Can I get their address and postcode?|It is 98 king street post code cb11ln
i am also in need of a train on friday from norwich to cambridge leaving after 19:45.|I have the TR5291 leaving at 20:16, how many tickets would you like?
How long will the trip take and how much will it cost?|You are looking at 17.60 pounds per ticket and it is a 76 minutes trip.
OKay great. Can you book that for me please?|Sure! For how many people?
You know, nevermind. That will be all for now. Thanks so much. Goodbye!|Um, ok. Please contact our service if there is any other assistance we can provide you. Have a good day.
I need a cheap four star room.|There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel meeting your needs. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need it to include free parking.|All 8 have free parking. If you're looking for a guesthouse, might I suggest alexander bed and breakfast?
Do all 8 places have the internet?|Yes, they sure do. Do you prefer a hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you suggest one for me? I need the hotel type, phone number, and whether it has internet or not.|Sure, the Allenbell is a guesthouse with free internet.  The phone number is 01223210353.  Can I be of further assistance?
I also need a train on saturday that departs from cambridge.|What is your destination?
I'm heading to Leicester.  I need to get there by 21:00.|We have 15 trains going to leicester from cambridge arriving by 21:00. Was there a certain time you wanted to leave at?
If I could get the train that arrives closest to 21:00 please.|I recommend train TR6034.  The cost is 30.24 pounds and it will get you there by 20:06.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great if you could book train TR6034 for me. Thank you.|Booking for TR6034 was successful for one person.  Your total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is A1E9MYGC.
That is all I need, thank you.|Thank you and have a great day.
Are there any colleges in the west?|Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west. 3 of them have no entrance fees and 2 will cost 2.50 pounds to enter.
I would like the postcodes and more information about the types of colleges are in the west.|Do you want the postcodes for all five college, the two that have an entrance fee or only the free ones?
I will take the postcodes for all 5. I'd also like a train that leaves on Sunday for ely as well if that's possible.|Churchill College cb30ds, Clare College cb21tl, Clare Hall cb39al, Magdalene College cb30ag, and Queen's College cb39et. And the train from Ely will be departing from where?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge.|Certainly, we have 10 trains for ely from cambridge sunday. What time would you like to arrive or depart?
I would like to leave from Cambridge after 21:15 please.|There is one at 21:50 and one at 23:50, which would you like?
I would like the price and arrival time for the 21:50 train please.|The price for that train is 3.52 pounds and it will arive by 22:07.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, feel free to contact us again.
Hello, I need a hotel that's moderately priced, please.|Would you like me to book arbury lodge guesthouse
What is the star rating of the arbury lodge?|It has a four star rating. What else can I do for you?
I am really looking for one with a zero star rating.   What do you have available.|Cityroomz is 0 stars and moderately priced. Do you need assistance booking a room today?
Could you please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Saturday. If 4 nights is not available, how about 2 nights. I also need the reference number.|We couldn't do 4 nights, but I do have you booked for two. Your reference number is L4N1ZRYO. Anything else I can do for you today?
I need a train on Sunday to Cambridge, please.|There are 202 trains, do you have a specific day time or departure in mind?
Yes.  I need the train on Saturday also.  It should leave Norwich and arrive by 8:45.|I have booked for you train TR4202. he total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PI9JS0X7.
I am in need of a train that can arrive by 12:45 an leave on Saturday.|There are 150 trains that match your requirements. What is your destination, and from where are you traveling?
I want to get to Norwich please.|There is a train that arrives at Norwich at 10:55. Would you like to book that?
Does it depart from Cambridge?|Yes, the train goes from Cambridge to Norwich on Saturday. It departs at 9:36 and arrives at 10:55. There is also a train that arrives at 11:55 on the same route.
Let me get the train ID and price for the one arriving at 11:55.|The train ID is TR9588 and the cost is 14.08 pounds. Can I book that for you?
No, but I have all the information I need. Thanks.|You are quite welcome!
Can you find me a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|Sorry there's no multiple sports in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?|Yes, quite a few! There's Broughton House Gallery, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to know more about them, or the others?
Yes I would love some information.|There are 11 museums in the area.  They are all free.  There are several art museums, an archaelogy museum, and a science museum.
Could I get the address, phone numbers, and postcodes of them please? I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne.|Primavera is at 10 King s parade CB2 1st, the phone number is 01233357708. What day would you like to board the train?
Sunday, and it should arrive by 12:00.|Train TR9580 departs from Cambridge at 10:01 on Sunday and arrives at Broxbourne at 11:01. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and get me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IRD8RUWO.  Do you need help with anything else?
No, actually. I am all finished. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|Okay great, have a good day.
Hello, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge, and leaving on Friday. Do you see anything for that time?|There are tons of them! Can you tell me a bit more about your trip so we can narrow it down a little? Where would you like to go?
Yes I want to leave after 13:30 and arrive at London Liverpool Street.|There are 6 options available. Would leaving at 13:59 and arriving at 15:27 work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect.  Can you just give me the train ID for that?|That is train TR4187.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes are there any multiple sports places to go in the centre?|There are no sports in the center. Shall I change type or location for you?
Hmm, that kind of stinks. Well, how about a theatre instead?|I have 4 theaters in the centre area. The mumford is one of my favorites. Can I give you more information on one?
What's the entrance fee?|I am unaware of what their entrance fee is at this time. Sometimes that happens because prices fluctuate and I apologize.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hey looking for a train to go to Cambridge. Want one that will leave on Wednesday.|Okay, where will you be departing from?
I will depart from london kings.  I would like to leave after 17:00 on wednesday.|The TR6045 departing London Kings Cross for Cambridge on Saturday at 17:17 should work for you, would you like more information or to make a booking?
What's the price for that one?|The price for that ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time, can you tell me about places to go near the centre?|sure! there are 44 attractions in that area. what do you like to do?
It doesn't matter can you recommend one?|Broughton house gallery	is a nice museum in the centre of town
Can I get the address please?|the address is 98 king street
Thanks, is there an entry fee for that?|No, it's free! Is there anything else you need?
No that's all thanks.|your welcome, have a great day!
Any trains leaving after 18:00?|There are lots of trains that leave after 18:00. Where would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to the Stansted Airport and leave from Cambridge.|Great! That narrows it down a lot. What day will you be leaving?
We will be leaving on Tuesday.  Please book four seats on the train and provide the reference number.  Thank you!|OK, you have 4 tickets reserved on TR9495, leaving Cambridge at 18:40 on Tuesday. The total fee at the station will be 40.4GBP, and your reference number is 4LL98NYC.
I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.|Sure. I can assist you with that request. How many nights will you be staying?
i only need the details. is it a 3 star?|alpha-milton guest house is the only 3 star hotel fitting your description.
Can I have the address, phone number and the area its in please.|It is in the north, address is 63 Milton Road and the phone number 01223311625. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything for today, thank you.|Thank you for calling. Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Could you assist me in finding a train to stevenage please?|There are 70 results for trains going to Stevenage.  To narrow the results, what day are you travelling on and what time would you like to arrive?
Thursday, leave after 10:30.|There is a train that leaves at 11:21.
ok, is there anything that leaves earlier than that?|No, there isn't. Would you like me to book you on the earliest departing train?
Book the 11:21 train for 7 people please.|The booking was successful. The total fee of 89.6 GBP can be paid at the station. The reference number is YTB38FE3.
Okay now can you help me find the Avalon Hotel and tell me whether they have free internet, and where they are located as well as their address?|avalon is located at 62 gilbert road	in the north. They do have free internet
Thank you for that info on Avalon. I would like to make a reservation.|Okay! For when, how long, and how many people?
I want to reserve for seven people for three nights, please.|The reservation was successful. Thursday 7 people for 3 nights. The reference number is JBNCTENS. Can I help you with anything else?
No that'll it for the day. Thank you|You are welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for boat attractions in the centre area of town.|There are 2 boat attractions named "scudamores punting co" and "the cambridge punter."
Let's go with the cambridge punter. May I get the phone number to that please?|The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you have any other questions about this location?
I am also looking for a train leaving from leicester to cambridge.|There are over 100 trains from which to choose. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 08:30 and want to leave on Sunday. Can you help me with that please.|There is a train arriving at 06:54 and one at 07:54. Which would you prefer?
The 7:54. May I please have the train ID and departure time?|TR0466 leaves at 06:09.
Great, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|I'm happy I could help you today. Have a great day!
I would like to find an attraction.|Absolutely!  Do you have any particular attraction type in mind?  Maybe a specific area?
Yes I am looking for architecture and will need the address, postcode and phone number of the attraction.|How about the holy trinity church? The address, postcode and phone number are market street, cb23nz, and 01223355397.
i'm also looking for a train|We have dozens of trains.  Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing Cambridge after 21:30 on Sunday. I am going to Peterborough.|TR1784 departs Cambridge at 21.34
I need a train that is leaving after 11:30|The closest time I have is a train from London Kings Cross on Friday at 13:00. It will arrive to Cambridge at 13:51.
I'm nowhere near London Kings Cross though. What about Birmingham New Street?|I have one leaving Birmingham new street at 11:40 and arriving by 14:23, would you like me to book it for you?
What's the travel time and Train ID for that one?|That would be the TR7040, leaving Birmingham New Street 11:40, arriving Cambridge 14:23, for a travel duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket?
Great. Could you please get me some information on a  particular attraction called the fitzwilliam museum?|Yes, of course. What information do you require about this museum?
I just need adress for the museum,thank you|The address is trumpington street the postcode is cb21rb.
Thank you can you help me find a restaurant too?|Do you have a particular kind of restaurant in mind?
Yes, I would like to eat at a Chinese restaurant.|Okay! In what part of town?
Actually I am just looking for an attraction called the fitzwilliam museum.|What would you like to know about The Fitzwilliam Museum?
I just need the address please.|Sure, the museum is on trumpington street.  Do you need any additional information?
No, I'm all set.|Great, have a wonderful day!
I need to find a train from Cambridge.|There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours.
I need one on Friday heading to Ely. I need to leave after 19:30.|The train closest to your desired time is TR6053 which departs Cambridge at 19:50 and arrives in Ely at 20:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the travel time on that train?|Travel time is 17 minutes.
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre.|We have many diverse activities in the center of town, from architectural landmarks to parks and pools to nightclubs like the Soul Tree. What interests you today?
I'm not really picky, just something fun. What's your favorite?|I would recommend Soul Tree Nightclub.  It is in the centre area and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That is perfect.  Can I get the phone number and postal code please?|Yes, their phone number is 01223477900 and their address is 1-6 corn exchange street.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need. Bye!|Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a train on Friday, arriving by 12:15.|I can assist you with that.  Where are you travelling to and from?
I'm going from Cambridge to the Stansted Airport.|The TR5998 leaves cambridge at 10:40 and arrives stansted airport at 12:08. It's price is 10.10 pounds. There are earlier trains if you wish.
That one sounds fine. Can you book it for 3 people? I will need the reference number too.|I have booked your ticket, the reference number is : ECTZFFR5. Is there anything else I can do for you.
Not at this time. Thank you so much for everything. Have a great day!|You are very welcome, goodbye.
Can you tell me a bit about the entertainment type places in the center of town?|I have 44 places. What type are you looking for?
I want it to be a type of college.|There are 13 colleges in city centre. My personal favorite is Corpus Christi, even though they charge a 2 pound entrance fee.
Great, can I get the phone number and postcode?|Sure, the phone number is 01223338000 and post code is cb21rh.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'm looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.  Are there any?|unfortunately no. want to try another area?
No thanks! I forgot that I'm going to the college instead. I do need a train that goes to Cambridge on Wednesday. I will depart from Kings Lynn after 11:00.|I have a 12:11 that arrives n Cambridge at 12:58. Would you like me to boo that for you?
Yes, please I will need 5 tickets.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is LNZ0GIXG.
Wonderful. Thanks very much for your help today.|Is there anything else you need help with today?
That's everything I needed. Thanks and goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need information on a train to Cambridge. I prefer to get there by 16:30|is there a day of the week you want to travel ?
Saturday is nice|what about TR5729? it leaves at 13:17 on saturday
Don't you need to know where I am leaving from?  Does that train leave from Ely?|I'm sorry that one leaves from Cambridge. TR8176 leaves from Ely at 15:35 and arrives at 15:52.
Please book TR8176 for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J6SICRD5. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Can you please tell me about a restaurant called Cotto?|I can. It's a restaurant in the centre that serves British food. It's moderately priced. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for the same group of people at 19:45 on the same day.|We have booked you for Cotto, here is your reference number MRQ610AS.
Thanks. I am all set.|I hope you have a good trip.
Me too, my other line is ringing so this is a good time to end the dialouge.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good night. Bye.
Currently planning to come out there but need to find a train that leaves after 15:30 and that will  depart from Norwich.|What day do you want to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.|I do not have a train that leaves by 15:30 on that day but soon after at 16:16. Would this work for you?
Yes. I will need two tickets.|Al set, your reference number is ZIY4Y3CA, the cost is 17.60 pounds per person payable at the station.
Can I also get information on wandlebury country park.|Yes, wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, with phone #01223243830. Would you like any other information?
That is all that I needed. Thank you so much for the assistance.|You are welcome. Please comeback if we can do anything more for you!
I will. Thanks again. Good-bye.|My pleasure.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that is going to Cambridge.|There are 1,414 trains to Cambridge. Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.|There are 19 trains leaving Birmingham New Street and arriving at Cambridge on Tuesday. Did you have a specific departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by 19:30|Train TR4373 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, no ticket needed right now. I do need the price and travel time, though.|It is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes.
Also, can you please provide me with attractions in the centre?|Would you be interested in one of the 4 theatres located in the centre?
Yes that would be fine.|Great, the theatres are Adc Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Does any one of those in particular interest you?
I think that will be everything I needed. Thanks for your help!|Thanks for using our system!
Do you know anything about camboats?|I do, they are an amazing boating place in the east part of cambridge with activites for all type of boaters, would you like more information?
Yes more info of what is offered and how can I get there|The address I have for camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Perhaps you can give them a call for more information. Their phone number is 01223902112.
Thank you. Could you tell me their business hours?|No I don't know their business hours but I have a phone number you can use to check with them. It's 01223902112.
Is there an entrance fee at Camboats?|I'm unsure of the entrance fee. You could try calling then with the number I provided though. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train leaving on friday and arriving by 20:00.|And where would your destination be please ?
my destination is bishops stortford|We've got a train leaving at 17:29.  Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
I dont need a booking. I do need the travel time and the price please.|The travel time is 38 minutes and the price is 10.10 pounds.
thanks that is i need today|you are welcome.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Please feel free to reach out if you have any additional questions. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday.|What will be the departure site?
I'm leaving from the New Street station in Birmingham|Is there a time you have to leave or arrive at?
i would like to leave after 14:15|I have train TR2089 that leaves at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. Would that work for you?
Yes. Could you tell me the travel time and price for that train please?|The travel time for this route is 163 minutes. The cost of each ticket is 75.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking. Any area will do.|Ok. There are 14 in cambridge. Let's narrow that down a bit. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Definitely a hotel.|Ok, I recommend the Ashley Hotel, would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, 8 people, 3 nights starting Thursday. Please include reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5SU2LEV2.
Thank you for your help|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!|And thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for entertainment in the east of town.|The east has both the funky fun house and cherry hinton hall and grounds. looking for something in particular?
What are their entrance fees?|I don't know what their entrance fees are.  I can give you the phone numbers to call  both of these places.
Can you please get me the entrance fee, address and phone number for these.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds phone is 01223446104. I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need a train to Cambridge, arriving by 19:15|On what day will you travel?
It will be on friday and I only need 1 ticket for myself.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|what day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D6A6C4N1. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a four star hotel.|I have many 4 star hotels. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and have free parking|Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels that fit that criteria. Would you consider a guesthouse in that range?
Unfortunately I need a hotel that is 4 stars with free parking. Do you have one that is not in the moderate price range?|There is one in the price range of cheap would you like me to book that one.
Yes, that would be fine. 4 people, 4 nights, starting from tuesday.|Unfortunately that day is unavailable for that many days. Do you have an alternative?
Would you try for 2 nights instead? And, what is the name of the hotel?|The name is The Cambridge Belfry, but unfortunately they were not able to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try it for a shorter number of days?
Yes.Let`s please try for shorter number of days. Thanks.|I was able to successfully book the Cambridge Belfry for two nights starting on Tuesday for four people. Your reference is BK6DS11E.
Sorry, I did not want to book a room until I was sure of the price could you give that to me first?|I am sorry about that.  The hotel is in the cheap price range.
That's fine, thank you. I also need help with a train leaving Cambridge and going to London kings cross.|Do you have a preferred departure/arrival time?  The travel time is 51 minutes and there are multiple trains.
I just want to leave after 16:45 going from cambridge to london kings cross on thursday.|TR6628 leaves at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51, do you want me to book you?
Not at this time.  I just need the price.|The price is 23.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help, thanks for your time.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi, I need help finding out about places to go in East Cambridge.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  We have 10 attractions in that area.  Is there a specific type of attraction you would like to visit?
I don't have a specific attraction, can you suggest one?|You should definitely check out Cambridge Artworks. It's a museum with free entrance at 5 greens road. Would that work for you?
Yes, I need a train to kings lynn and it should arrive by 14:45|I'd be happy to help you find a train.  Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Yes, I will be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.|How about the TR8241 train. It would leave Cambridge at 13:11 and get you to Kings Lynn at 13:58.
Thats perfect information,thank ytoiuy|Would you like me to book it?
Before you do, can you tell me how much it will cost?|A ticket costs 7.84 pounds.
Do you know how long the train ride will take?|The train ride should last about 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it, thanks!|You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day!
Hi, could you help me find a museum to visit? Any recommendation would be great.|May I recommend Cafe Jello Gallery on the West Side.
can  have the postcode and address please?|Sure! Their address is 13 Magdalene Street. Their postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for information on trains that leave after 21:00 and go to cambridge.|From where are you leaving and on which day?
I am leaving on Monday from birmingham new stree|There are 21 trains available. Did you have an arrival or departure date/time in mind?
I'd like to leave birmingham new street after 21:00 on Monday, and go to cambridge.|There is a train that leaves 12:40.
Is that the earliest train you have after 21:00?|The earliest train to leave after 21:00 is TR8406 at 21:40. Would you like to book this train?
Can you tell me the arrival time for that train and the total travel time?|It arrives at 24:23 after a total travel time of 163 minutes.
Thanks so much! Oh, wow it's late. I need to run. Thanks. Bye!|Thanks! Have a great day!
I'm going south in town, anything interesting to go to there?|Yes, we have several popular attractions in the south part of town. Are you looking for a specific type of place? Or do you want a recommendation?
I'll take a recommendation.|I think you would like the Tenpin. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?|Sure, their address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in postcode cb17dy. Their phone is 08715501010.
Thank you for the information.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes I need to find a train that will go from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Wednesday and arrive by 19:00.|I have train TR5831 leaving at 7:11 and arriving at 7:58; Would you like to book that?
How long will that take to arrive and how much does a ticket cost?|the ride is 47 minutes long and tickets are 9.8 GBP
Ok that will be it for today. thanks !|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
Hello, I'm looking for a train to get me to london kings cross.|Ok.  Will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, Cambridge and I want to leave on Sunday. I need travel time|Travel time is 51 minutes.  What time were you hoping to leave?
I would like to leave after 13:45.|There is a train that leaves at 15:00 would you like me to book that train for you?
No thanks, I just needed the travel time for the train departing at 15:00.|The travel time for TR 9386 is 51 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, goodbye!
Hi, I could use help with my planning.  I am trying to find a place to stay.|Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.|We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?|They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?|Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.|Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ. Is there anything else?
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.|I can help with that. Do you have an area of town, or a price range in mind?
I'm not picky about the area of town or the price, but I absolutely need free wifi!|Ok, almost all of the hotels have free wifi, do you have a star rating you would like?
I don't care.|There are 32 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have any preference of price range or area, or should I choose one for you?
I would like a guesthouse type but the price range is not as important.|How about the moderately priced Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? I also have 22 other entries, if you would prefer something else.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast sounds fine.  Can you book it for 3 people arriving on Thursday for 5 nights?|Yes I most certainly can! I have booked you into the Rosa and your reference number is 06D0FC6L.
Yes I also need to book a train for 3 people on Thursday between Bishops Stortford and Cambridge arriving by 09:00.|I have a 7:29 that gets into Cambridge at 8:07. I booked three people on this train per your instructions. The total cost is 30.29 pounds and your reference is 9AR1CBJM.
Thank you very much for your help today.|It was my pleasure. Safe travels!
I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.|What time would you like the train for?
I would like to leave after 12:00.|We can certainly arrange that. Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and where you would like to go?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to birmingham new street.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9LZNG2V4. Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you tell me when the train arrives and how long the journey will be?|Gladly. The train arrives at 12:44 and the trip will take 163 minutes. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes how much is the ticket?|It's 60.08 GBP, payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That's everything I needed thanks. Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Yeah, I'm hoping to find a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?|Of course! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I don't have an area preference but it should have a star of 4 and have free parking.|Sure.  How about the Allenbell?  It is in the east and fits all of your needs.
Okay that sounds great.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb13js. Would you like a reservation?
What sort of hotel is it? Guest house or hotel?|its a guesthouse
Yes please go ahead and book it. I'm also looking for a train.|How many people and how many nights should I make the booking for?
I just need the postcode and hotel type.|sure it is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb13js, anything else today?
That is all, thank you so much|You earlier mentioned you need train information. Starting from what city and ending at what city?
cambridge, travel time, arrival time, and price please|I'm sorry, I don't understand your response. Could you please verify from where you are leaving and where you are going?
I need help finding a train from leicester to cambridge, departing on sunday after 11:45. No reservation, just need to know travel time, arrival time, and price please.|TR9999 leaves at 12:09, travel tine is 105 minutes, cost is 30.24 pounds per person.  Any other questions,
No, thank you.  You have been very patient and helpful.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you so much for calling. It has been my pleasure. Have a great trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums in the town centre area, all with free admission.  Are you looking for a particular type of museum?
No. Why don't you pick one at random for me and give me the address and postcode.|Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum address 6 trinity street postcode cb21su
I am also looking for a train that should arrive by 15:15 and one that needs to leave on Tuesday.|Can you please give me your departure and destination?
Stevenage is my departure, my destination is Cambridge.|There is one train departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:43. All other trains arrive earlier or later. Would you like me to book this for you?
That would be fine please book it for four people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UJAL7AEJ.
Thank you. Your service was pleasant.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Is there any place to go swimming here?|We have that!  How about jesus green outdoor pool in the north.  Sound fun?
That does sound fun, but I'm looking for a swimming pool in the east. May I please have the entrance fee and address for one?|abbey pool and astroturf pitch is in the east, the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road and the entrance fee isn't listed I'm afraid.
Do you have a phone number for them?|That I do: 01223902088.
I also need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge on Sunday. I need to arrive by 09:45.|TR8580 leaves 23:39 and costs 13.28 pounds.can we book?
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I book seats? Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|What would you like to see while there?
I would like to go to an entertainment venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, I have many in other area but nothing in the centre. Can I look up something else for you?
How about a college then. I will need the address and phone number.|There are 13 churches in the centre. How about christi's college? The address is saint andrew's street.
Ok that will work. Can I get their phone number please?|Okay the phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. I also need information on a train.|I'd be happy to help, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street on Thursday and get to Cambridge by 11:30.|There are four trains that match your request. What time would you like to leave?
I do not care about departure time. I would like you to get me one ticket.|You have been booked for the TR3839. It leaves Thursday at 05:39 and cost 16.60 lbs.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city centre.|Is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
No, I just want an expensive place in the centre.|I have about 33 different restaurants, but if you are looking for a recommendation I would say stop by Loch Fyne and try their amazing seafood!
That sounds lovely - what is their cuisine type?|Loch Fyne serves wonderful seafood.  Does that sound like something you'd be interested in?
Yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to Stansted airport - preferably one that gets there by 11:15|Okay, what day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I want to travel on Friday. My departure station is in Cambridge.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
Can you please find me cinemas?|Yes, I can' There are two cinemas in cambridge, cineworld cinema in the south and vue cinema in the centre.
What is the postcode and phone number for one of them?|I would recommend the Cineworld Cinema. The postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives by 09:00, please.|I have quite a few different options for a train to Cambridge. Can you help me narrow it down by specifying where you'll be departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.|TR4256 leaves at 07:09 and arrives at 8:54.  May I book that for you?
I don't need a booking for the train at this time, but if you could give me the travel time and price, that will be all I need today.|TR4256 will take 105 minutes.  The price is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, if you need any more help from me feel free to ask!
Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?|I can certainly help you with that. Do you have a preferred price range or area?
Thank you. I am looking for a hotel in the west part of town.|I have 3 in west - two are cheap and one is expensive. Preference on price?
I do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a hotel.|I would suggest the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.  It is very nice.  Can I get you some information on it?
yeah, can you let me know if it has free parking?|Parking and internet are both included, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Thursday.|Your booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6I8873PA.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.|We have four choices, do you have a preference in price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.|There are 2 restaurants with your given preferences. They are de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do want me to book a table for you?
Yes please. I need a table for one at noon on Saturday|I tried to book a table using your criteria at both restaurants, but unfortunately, there was no availability at either. Would you like a different day or time?
Can you try 11:00 for either place?|That time was successful. You're booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 11:00 on Saturday. Your reference number is QCA3LHQC. Need anything else today?
Yes please.  I need train on the same day arriving in Cambridge.|What time are you looking to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by 08:45. Are there any trains that early?|Oh yes plenty. How about the 07:17 that arrives by 08:08.
What is the travel time and train ID?|That ID would be the TR8885, and the travel time is 51 minutes. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
No thanks. That will not be necessary. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.|Just to confirm, that train leaves from London Kings Cross.  Is that your intended departure station?
Sorry, no, I need to depart from Broxbourne.|Okay, it looks like the TR1971 would depart Broxbourne at 7:32 and arrive in Cambridge at 08:32. Would that work for you?
Perfect, thanks. I am all set now.|You are welcome. Good bye!
I'd like to take the train to cambridge from birmingham new street on tuesday, can you help me with that?|I have many trains available on Tuesday.  Do you have a time preference?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by 19:30, please.|The TR 4631 arrives by 19:23. Would you like to book this one?
Yes, book please and I need travel tome and price|How many tickets would you like me to book?
I only need one ticket today.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is ZCR9P2WW. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you for your help|Thank you, have a great visit, goodbye!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge.|When will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving Friday after 20:45.|I have several options for you depending on your departure site. Where will you be leaving from?
I need to depart from Cabridge and go to Bishops Stortford.|There are few options to choose from. How many people are traveling?
I will have 2 people traveling.|Okay, would you like me to book TR4664?
Yes, please. I need the reference number.|The reference number is  0JI02QOT. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you have a nice day.
I need a train to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.|I can help with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, and need to arrive by 08:30|The TR1058 Leaves Cambridge at 7:00 and gets into London Kings Cross at 7:51. The cost is 23.60. Would you like to book it?
That won't be necessary, thanks for your help.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I would like to see an attraction in the centre of town.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, please. Multiple sports would be great. If not, theatre is my second choice.|There are no multiple sports places, might i recommend mumford theatre?
No thank you that will be all|I have more theatre attractions if you're interested.
Yes please, can I have the names of some other theater attractions?|Does the Cambrdige Corn Exchange theatre in the center pique  your interest?
That sounds interesting! Can I have their address, entrance fee, and phone number?|we are unsure of their entrance fee but their address is wheeler street	and phone number is 01223357851
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your assistance.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need some help arranging a train that meets our schedule.|On what day do you wish to depart?
I need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by 20:30|I have a train leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 7:08 it's train TR8598. Would you like reservations?
Yes. I will need it for eight people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64.64 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: LTQHUT3Y. Can I assist with anything else today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the southern area of the city.|What food type are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south, i do not have a particular food preference.|I have five places. Do you prefer, Italian, Chinese, Mexican or Indian?
i dont mind any|Okay, how about Peking Restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre? Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223354755.
Thanks. That is all I need for now.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like some information on the gonville hotel|The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. There is free internet and parking. It is located at Gonville Place and their phone number is 01223366611.
Excellent. Could you book it for myself and my partner?|Sure.  Can you confirm when you will be arriving and for how many nights you will be staying?
My companion and I will arrive on Monday, staying for 5 nights, could you provide me with the reference number? We will need to book a train as well.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5C9C9Y4I. now i can help you book a train
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to ely|I have train TR8860 and leaves at 5:50 and arrives at 6:07. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please.  Could you book that for five people as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : THCMI67T.
Thank you. That is all I need today.|enjoy your time with us in Cambridge, enjoy!
Hello, I need a train to take me London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by 13:15.|how about TR5767 that leaves at 05:00?
That is too early in the morning for me.  Is there one that will get me there close to 13:15?|The best option for you will arrive at 11:51. Would you like me to book it for you.
Sure, the train departs from cambridge right? and what's the departure time and travel time. This is also leaving on tuesday correct?|Yes, it departs from Cambridge.
Can you get me the travel time and the departure time? That's all I need to know about the train.|travel time is 51 minutes and the cost is 23.60 pound.
Great. Thank you. I will also need a place to stay - I'm thinking a cheap guesthouse.|I would suggest this one autumn house.
I would like the guesthouse to have a 0 rating and free wifi.|There are two places available. I would highly suggest El Shaddai, would you like for me to book this guesthouse?
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not yet, can I just get their phone number please?|Sure, the phone number for El Shaddai is 01223327978. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
I think that's everything.  Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What type of information can I help you with?
I'll be leaving from Ely on Tuesday after 17:45. Are there any trains available then?|The earliest train that days leaves at 19:35 will this work?
Yes that works. What is the arrival time and price please?|If you take the train departing Ely at 19:35 you will arrive by 19:52, and the cost is 4.40.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.|We have quite a few to choose from. Do you have a preference in price range or the area of town?
Well, price should be in the moderate but i do want a 4 star hotel.|I have no hotels in this area, only guesthouses. Would that work?
that's fine, can you book one?|I would recommend avalon, which is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. Will that work for you?
Yeah, that will be fine. It will need to be on the same day for 3 nights and 3 people.|Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is ZWH6Y40Y. Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for choosing help desk. Have a wonderful day.
I need a train departing from cambridge after 09:30.|There are many trains departing Cambridge after 9:30. To what destination would you like to travel and on which day?
I would like to go to Norwich on Monday.|Trains leave hourly to Norwich. The closest time available is TR8495, departing 09:36 and arriving 10:55, with duration 79 minutes and price 17.60 pounds. Would you like to book this one?
Yes Please book TR8495.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 6 tickets for the train ride please. May I also have the reference number?|The booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WREO6QXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in Norwich please.|Okay to clarify, do you need a hotel in cambridge? And if so, do you have a certain part of town in mind?
Yes, in Cambridge, my mistake. I do say, all this travel is messing with my head... Please find a 4 star guesthouse north of Cambridge, with free parking I might add.|I have one inexpensive guesthouse available in north Cambridge and several moderately priced ones. Do you have a preference?
Can you choose one of the moderately priced ones for me, please?|Absolutely, what day would you like to book this for?
I'm not quite ready to book yet, could you just provide their information for me?|Yes the Acorn Guest House is popular and nice. They have both wifi and parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road. And their telephone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?|Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave?
Hello, I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me with a restaurant?|Yes there are many types of food and price ranges in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for either?
No, just looking for a restaurant called Restaurant two two|They serve french food and are in the north and quite expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Yes...for 3 people on Tuesday at 11:15.|I have made the reservation and your reference number is 7PD27O8B.
I am also in need of a train leaving Cambridge.|Okay, what day and time would you like to travel and where is the destination?
Going to the sweet land of Stevenage, on tuesday.  I need to get there by 17:00|TR5343 leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and gets to Stevenage at 16:10. That's the last train of the day. Would you like to book a reservation?
No can I just get the price please?|Sure. The price for that train would be 12.80 pounds. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all for toady. Thanks !|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to visit.  Are there any attractions in town that are boats?|Yes, there are 4 locations. Are you looking for one in a certain area?
Nope, I just need the entrance fee, phone number, and address of your favorite one.|I really like Camboats. They are located in the East at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. There is no entrance fee. Would you like to book?
No, but I'm interested in train information. Is there anything running from Peterborough on Wednesday?|I can look that up, but let me confirm first.  Are you going from Peterborough to Cambridge or are you going to another city?
I will be going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive by 12:30.|I show 13 entries that will arrive by that time.  What time would you like to depart by?
Departure time doesn't matter to me.|I have TR0106 arriving by 12:09, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book a ticket for me.  What's the travel time for this train trip?|The travel time is 50 minutes. I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is KO6DHTQX. Is there anything else I can do for you?
What is the departure time of my train?|I am sorry the departure time on that train is 05:19 and you will be arriving at 06:09. Sorry got the two confused.
Thank you have a nice day.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I am planning a vacation and really could use some help finding a good place to stay in town. I've never been to Cambridge before.|which side of town do you prefer and what is the price range?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house in the centre area. Would you like to book a room?
Oh, ok. I really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. Can you recommend a hotel instead?|The Huntingdon Marriott hotel is a very nice place.
Sounds good. Can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting Sunday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 36N9VCAD. Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the train schedule from birmingham new street like?  I need to arrive at 13:45.|Where would you like the train to arrive, and what time will you be leaving?
I need the travel day to be Sunday.  I'll be going to Cambridge and arrive by 13:45. I'll be leaving from Birmingham New street.|Train TR7468 will arrive at 13:23. Will this work for you?
What is the travel time on that train?|It is 163 minutes on that train.
Excellent.  Thanks for all the help!|You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services.  Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks very much! Have a great day!|ok thanks and have a great day
You too! Thanks so much for all the help. Please end the convo and read the directions next time. thanks|Keep the snarky comments to yourself.
I want to get a train to travel from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|I can assist you with that.  There are many options available to you leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford, what day and time would you like?
I'd like to leave on Monday after 8:15, please.|The first availabe train I have is TR7169 leaving at 9:29 and arriving at 10:07. Would that suit your schedule or would you prefer a later departure time?
No, that sounds good.|How many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one ticket please.|You have one ticket to Bishops Stortford, train ID TR7169, with 10.1 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number 54B99Z9O. Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you very much for the assistance|You're welcome. Do you need anything else today?
No that is all I need for the day.|Thank you for calling, goodbye.
I need a train from  Birmingham new street to Cambridge departing on Monday.|I would be happy to help you find a train!  I have several options, do you require a particular departure or arrival time?
Yes, I do. I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday and arrive in Cambridge.|And what time would you like to travel on monday?
I need to leave after 16:45 please.|TR3130 leaves at 17:40 on Monday from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 and provide me the reference number when complete.|All booked for 6! Your reference # is 9WAFMF6U. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the area and postcode for a cinema in Cambridge?|There are 2 which would you like? There is one in the south and the centre
It doesn't really matter.  How about the one in the centre?|the postcode is cb17dy this is the one for the south area.
Okay thanks, you've been a lot of help. Bye!|Thank you for contacting us, you have a nice day.
Greetings! Can you help me in locating a train to get me to Cambridge?|Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and what day you would like to leave?
Sure.  I need to leave on Friday from Broxbourne.|We have several trains for that day. Did you have a particular time you wanted to leave?
I am going to need to leave sometime later than 17:15.  I will need 6 seats.|There are 7 trains available. When would you like to arrive bye?
It doesn't matter, I just need to leave sometime after 17:15.|I can book you on TR4322 from broxbourne to cambridge. It leaves at 17:32 and arrives by 18:32. Would you like that?
Yes please, for 6 people.|I booked 6 seats on TR4322, the price is 107.4 GBP and your reference number is RZUTECIJ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I needed for today. Thank you|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train to Norwich, leaving after 21:30.|On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge|ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?|The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich  will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?|This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes if you could book it that would be great.|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need any reservations today just information.|OK! Do you have all the information you need?
i am also looking for a guest house called  a and b guest house.|The A and B Guesthouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east. It has free internet, but no parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the address.|sure thing, they are located at 124 tension road
Great, thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Okay great. Thanks for calling.
I need help finding a train.|I can help with that. Where would you like to go?
bishops stortford and should leave after  19:15 on sunday and go to cambridge|I have two trains on a Sunday matching those demands. One leaves at 21:07 and one leaves at 24:07. Any preference?
the 21:07 train please.|Train TR7879 will leave bishops stotford at 21:29 and arrive at cambridge by 22:07.
cool i need to tickets|OK, you have 2 tickets booked for a total of 16.16GBP. Your reference number is ASHITD7U. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, are there any museum that I should check out in the Centre area?|How about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology located at university of cambridge, downing street.  Entrance fee is free. Anything else I can help with?
yeah, what's their phone number?|01223333516. Do you need anything else?
No that will be it, thanks!|Have a great visit!
Where can I find malaysian food? I prefer an expensive restaurant please|No I am deeply sorry I am not getting any
How about an expensive Malaysian restraint in the south?  Is there anything available?|I'm sorry. There's still no matching results. Would you like me to search for a different foot type?
Yes, please. How about Indian food?|I have 1 expensive Indian food in the south. It's called Taj Tandoori. They are located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Perfect, yes. I want a table for 5 at 16:00 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : X2V543QG
Thank you.  That was all I needed today. Goodbye.|You're very welcome. Have a nice time!
Hi I am looking for a place to eat that is in the moderate price range and also in the centre.|There are 21 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
How about you pick a place for me reserve a table for 7 at 17:00 on saturday please.|How about La Tasca serving Spanish food?
As long as La Tasca is located in the centre of town and is moderately priced. If it is, yes that would be great. I need a reservation.|Yes, it meets all your requirements. I am happy to reserve a table. For how many guests?
I need reservations for 7 people at 17:00 on Saturday. I also need the reference number. I need a train that leaves after 11:30 on Tuesday.|Your table is reserved, reference #SRYTU96A.
I will also need a train.|Right. Do you know the departure and destination stations you want?
Yes, I'm departing from cambridge heading to leicester|The TR7692 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
I will need 7 tickets.|Booking is complete.  Your reference# is QL902A4M and the total fee is 264.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all for today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a cheapt italian restaurant?|There are five options, are preference on area?
No, just pick your favorite and book a table for 7, please. We'd like to eat at 13:15 on Saturday.|I have made a reservation for your party at La Margherita for Saturday at 13:15. Your reference number is 6HVNT7JN. Enjoy!
Thank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome, thanks for contacting us and have a wonderful day!
I want information on a particular hotel called home from home. Can you send me what you have on that?|Sure thing! Home from Home is a guesthouse in the North.  With a moderate price range it is still a 4 star place to stay. Do you need more?
Please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Sure!  The Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 1JL8B2K4.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me?|Yes I can. Please tell me your departure city, day and time and I'll see what I dig up.
We are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn.  Arrival time should be around 09:00. Please book 6 seats.|Okay I've booked you on the TR2764 which will arrive at 8:58. the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : AQMKFOFZ.
okay thank you! What is the travel time on that?|This train actually leave on Friday.  You wanted to leave on Wednesday, correct?  I can rebook if needed.
No, Friday works for me.|Okay, great. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks that is all I need.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the west side of town. What are my choices?|Would you like to eat Italian or Vietnamese cuisine?
I would like Austrian actually.|There are no Austrian restaurants in the west. Would you like to try another cuisine?
How about Vietnamese food?|For Vietnamese, I have a great place called Thanh Binh. It is a cheap restaurant with great food. Would you like help reserving a table?
Yes, that would be great.  My party will consist of 7 people and I would like to book for 12:45 on Thursday.|Great.  your booking was successful and you table is reserved for 15 minutes.
The reference number is : 99A7DNB0.
Thank you. I would also like a train leaving on Friday going to Ely.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave in time enough to get to the restaurant on time|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to arrive by 18:45 on Friday.|TR9933 departs Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07. Do you want me to book this for you?
Yes please, for seven people|Okay, I have booked that for you and the reference number is: UDP5WC1J. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your assistance today, you've been so helpful!|Thank you! If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.
Do you know an Indian restaurants in east Cambridge?|Yes I do. What price range do you have in mind?
Price does not matter.|Curry prince may be a good choice for you.
I forgot to mention I'm looking for something in the east area. If Curry Prince is in the east I'll just need the phone number please.|Curry Prince is located in the east area, their phone is 01223566388.  Is there any else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from Cambridge.|When are you traveling?
I will be traveling on friday.|What time do you need to depart?
I need to arrive after 14:30.|What is your destination?
My destination is stevenage.|TR7852 looks like it would work for you, would you like to book that?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people|The booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is IR34MGT4.
That's great thank you.|Do you need anything else today?
That is all I need.|Okay, have a great day!
I'd like a train leaving on Monday and arriving by 11:45, please.|I can help you with that!  First, can you tell me the desired departure and destination locations?
London Kings Cross to Cambridge please.|How about a train that leaves at 05:17?
That works,will yhou book it for 5 people and I need the train number|Ok.  You should be set.  The booking was successful.  The train number is TR0378.  Would you like the reference number too?
Yes, I do need the reference number.|It is FE03L94U.
I am also looking for a 2 star hotel that's moderately priced. Can you help with that?|I have two options for you, both in the north side. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, all moderately priced, with free wifi and parking.
Are they both 2 star rated?|Yes, both are 2 star rated, moderately priced and located in the north. Both of them also offer free parking and free internet. Would you prefer one of them?
Yes book the Ashley Hotel for the same group of people for 2 nights.|I just need one more detail. What day would you like to book the hotel?
On Monday please.|What day will you be wanting the room for?
On Monday, please. I want a place to stay when I get there.|I have those rooms reserved for you. The reference number is: M99Y2T1R. Can I be of further assistance?
No, thank you very much for your help.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train that will depart from London Liverpool Street.  I need the ticket for Monday.  Can you give me available times?|I have trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 05:39 a.m. and a ticket will cost you 16.60 pounds.Would you to book a ticket?
I would like to leave London Liverpool on Monday.|I have quite a few trains leaving London Liverpool St. What time would you like to leave? That will help me find one.
I'm not sure when I need to leave, but I would like to arrive by 20:00.|I would recommend TR3183 which leaves London Liverpool Street at 17:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:07.
That would work perfectly! Can you book me 6 tickets please?|I will go ahead and book 6 tickets.
That you and whhat is the reference number ?|Your reference number is A70RK1W1 and 99.6 GBP is payable at the station.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. I'm looking for information on the Hamilton Lodge.|Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse in the north that is moderately priced, rated 3 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
yes for sunday please 4 nights for 4 people|I have made those reservations and your reference number is T7CK2MLJ.
Thank you, that will be all for today.|enjoy your stay
I am looking for places to go. preferably a museum in west.|There are several museums in the west. Is there a particular type of museum you are interested in?
No, I'd just like it to be in the west.  Can you pick one and provide a phone number?|Ok, the Lynne Strover Gallery is free. The phone number is 01223295264. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I am looking for a train on friday that should depart from cambridge.|There are over 200 trains leaving from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have departure time and destination?
Yes, I want to go to bishops stortford and leave after 20:00 please.|TR4664 departs at 21:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
I was first wondering the price of that train and what time it arrived. Oh! I also forgot to ask for the postcode of the Gallery!|No problem. The gallery's postcode is cb30aq and the train to Bishops Stortford is 10.10 pounds per ticket and will arrive by 22:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please! Can I get the arrival time and train ID, please?|The arrival time is 22:07 and the trainID is TR4664.
Thank you, this is very helpful.|Would you like me to book this train for you?
No that is not necessary. Thanks for your help, that's all I need for today.|Thank you for using this system.
Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?|We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.|That narrowed it to eight choices. How about Home from Home? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.|I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday.  The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ.  Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train to norwich. I need to arrive by 8:15.|There are many options available. Do you know what day you will be leaving and what time you want to leave?
I'd like the train for wednesday and it doesnt matter when I leave, just need to arrive by 08:15.|There is a train that leaves at 5:36.
What time does it arrive?|There are 2 one arrives at 06:55 and the other is 07:55.
Can you please book that for 3 people, thank you in advance.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station.
Wow, that was quick, you helped me a lot, thank you.|May I assist you with anything else?
May I have the reference number for the train and the train ID, please? I'm not sure which one I was booked on.|The train ID is TR9179 and the reference number is BGZHM2Z2. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need help booking a train from cambridge to ely.|Ok, what day are you traveling?
Tuesday and I need to leave after 16:45 please.|Yesm there is a train available, the TR7733, and leaves at 17:50. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.|The train is booked for 8 people and the reference number is OPGQ4971. Do you need any other assistance?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in town. Can you give me some info on what's around?|I would be happy to get that information for you. Can I help you find a restaurant or an attraction? Or would you like assistance with accommodations?
I am particularly interested in colleges if you would focus on that type of attraction. I would appreciate it.|There are 18 colleges in town. Do you have an area preference?
Are there colleges in the centre of town?|Yes, there are 13. I personally recommend corpus christi. Entrance costs 2 pounds. The address is king's parade, postcode is cb21rh, and phone number 01223338000.
Great, thank you so much! That will be all for today.|You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a great day!
What are the nicest restaurants in the center of town?|kymmoy is a Asian oriental place that is expensive and in the centre of town.
May I have their phone number, please?|Absolutely. It is 01223311911.
Thanks! I also need a train to leicester from cambridge. Can you help me with that?|There are several options. What is your departure day and time?
The train should leave on saturday and should arrive by 16:00.|TR5089 arrives in leicester Saturday at 15:06, would you like to book a ticket?
That's fine. What time does the train depart, and how long is the ride itself?|The train departs at 13:21. Travel time is 105 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you or is there something else I can help with?
Yes can you please book this for me and provide me with any other necessary information.|How many people will be riding?
Just me, could you confirm the travel and departure time?|The TR5089 leaves at 13:21 and arrives at 15:06. It would cost you 30.23 pounds. Would you still like to book?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for accommodations with free wifi.|I can definitely help with that. I have many options. In order to narrow it down, do you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
Either one, but I insist on 4-star quality.|How about Arbury Lodge guesthouse?  It is in north, is moderately price with free wifi and has 4 stars.
What's the postcode and address for that?|The address is 82 arbury road and the postcode is cb42je
Am I able to park for free there?|Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Do you need me to assist you in making a reservation?
No, thanks. I also need a train on Sunday out of Cambridge.|There are many. What time would you like to leave and what's your destination?
I want to leave for Peterborough after 18:30.|I've booked you a ride on train TR8255, your reference number is E1SGGIUC, the ticket will cost 13.20 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I just need the arrival and travel times for that train, thanks.|TR8255 departs at 18:34 and arrives at 19:24.  Hope that helps!  Any other questions?
You have been a great help.  Thank you very much!  Goodbye!|You are welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I'm are looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 10:15|What day would you like to depart?
It will be Sunday, from peterborough to cambridge, I will need the price of the ticket as well.|The closest match I have is the TR8509. It leaves at 10:19.
That sounds good. What is the train fare, please?|It costs 13.20 pounds.  Do you need any other information?
No that is all. Thanks for your help!|You are welcome! Have a nice day.
Hi I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that includes free wifi.|You can find a and b guest house on 124 tension road for a moderate price and it includes wifi.
Is that hotel in the North?|That guesthouse actually is not located in the north. However, I can offer you ten different guesthouses all that have free internet access.
I am interested in a guesthouse in the north that includes free wifi please.|We have 10 guesthouses that meet your needs.  Which price range do you prefer?
How about moderately priced?|The Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north, and it includes free WiFi. Would you like to book it?
Sure. I'm traveling alone this time. Book me for 2 nights, beginning Wednesday.|I was able to book the room for you. The reference number is 3UQIM80C. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I need to grab a train ticket to Stevenage on Friday, also.|That won't be any trouble. What time do you intend to travel, and how many tickets do you need?
I need to leave sometime after 14:45 from Cambridge.|TR8135 departs Cambridge for Stevenage on Friday at 15:21.
That sounds perfect. Can I get the price for the tickets?|The ticket price for the departure at 15:21 is 12.80 pounds. How else may I assist you?
That will be all. Thank you!|Alright, hope your train ride goes smooth!
I'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge after 15:45|There are many trains, please tell me a destination to help narrow it down.
I'd like to travel to stansted airport.|The earliest train after 15:45 leaves at 16:40. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, I would like to book one seat that leaves on Sunday. Please provide the price, arrival time and train ID. Thank you.|OK, you're booked on TR7062, leaving at 16:40 and arriving by 17:08, reference number 1MSVTP4G. The price will be 10.10 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find ou abou an attraction called gonville and caius college.|Gonville and Caius College is in the centre of town and entrance is free.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can I have their post code and phone number please?|Sure there phone number is 01223332400 and postal code is cb21ta.
Okay. Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that should do it. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you, have a nice time.
What sort of moderately priced restaurants does Cambridge offer? I'm only interested in restaurants located in the Centre.|There are quite a few including British,Asian,Italian and many more.
I am looking to eat at a steakhouse.|I'm sorry I have no steakhouses that are moderately priced. is there any other cuisine you might like to try?
Can you check for Chinese?  I haven't had Chinese in awhile.|I have 3 moderately priced Chinese restaurants. I would recommend the Jinling Noodle Bar.
That would be just fine. Can you make reservations for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday.|I was able to book your table for your per your request. The Reference number is : UZ2TEM53.  Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge|Sure, where will you be departing from? Also what date and time were you looking to travel?
I'll be traveling from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday. I need to get to Cambridge before noon.|Okay, how about TR2006? It leaves ely at 11:35 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52.
Yes thats perfect book that for the same group of people please.|perfect. i have booked and the reference number is WMH7ZZ71.is there anything else i can help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|thank you that will be all,that was a big help too
Please find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester|Okay! When do you want to depart?
I'm leaving on Friday and I need to be in Leicester by 12:45.|Train ID TR5648 will be best for you. It will leave cambridge by 10:21 to arrive leicester by 12:06 and it will you cost 37:80 pounds.
Great. Please book me 6 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TQQ2P14Y.
Woo that's steep but thank you.  I also am interested in visiting the museum in the centre area of town, could you give me info on that?|I recommend castle galleries located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Excellent, can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bj. Can I help you with anything else?
nope that is it thanks for all of you help|You are welcome--have a great day!
I need a train leaving after 11:00 on wednesday if you can help me.|Certainly. Where would you like to go?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|I have TR4604 leaving at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please make a booking for 1 people.|I was able to book you for train TR4604. The total fee is 16.6 GBP.  The Reference number is : IG31YH6P.
I need to find a place to stay.|Okay what is your price range?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range. thanks|We have many to choose from! Is there an area in town you want to stay in?
I'm not sure but it needs to have free wi-fi. Do you have some with those specifications?|there are nine places that are cheap guesthouses and offer free wifi and free parking. if you know an area i can narrow it down or i can suggest one.
I am open to any area, whatever you suggest is fine.|okay when are you planning your stay so I can book the room
I Need a cheap guesthouse with free wifi. I would like it to be a hotel.|I'm sorry, but your message is ambiguous. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse.|Would you like me to book it for you and get a reference number ?
Good morning, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I arrive in Cambridge next week.|Wonderful. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
I would like to try some modern American food.|I'm sorry there appear to be no modern American restaurants in the area. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, can you check Chinese for me please?|There are 17 Chinese places that you may like, do you have further criteria to narrow it down?
what's the most expensive one?|I have nine in the expensive range. Is there an area you prefer?
No. I would like you to pick the best one you know of.|In that case, I would recommend the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to know more about it?
No, that's okay.  Can I book a table for 2 on friday at 15:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LZ2KI6G5.
Thank you. I also need train information. We are planning to leave on Saturday at some time after 11:45.|Would the TR4003 train departing at 13:00 and arriving in london by 13:51 work for you?
Yes.  That works.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets please.|the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station, reference number TKP9K1U4.
Thank you for your help.|Do you need anything else?
that is it for today thank you for asking|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking|What type of hotel are you looking for? We have 19 with free parking and rated 4 star.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel, please.|There are 8 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Doesn't matter where in Cambridge.|How about the Allenbell?
Perfect! what's the phone number, postcode, and address for that place?|The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, and their postcode is cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need a train to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday, leaving at 11:30.|The best match for your time is the train TR6517 which leaves at 11:35. Do you want me to book it for you?
Is this train going to Ely or departing Ely?  I believe I made a mistake is saying going to Ely when I should be departing Ely arriving in Cambridge.|That is departing ely and arriving in cambridge
Alright, all I need the travel time and that should be all, thanks!|The travel time is 17 minutes. Thank you for allowing me to assist you!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west. There are British, European, Indian, and Thai food to choose from. Which would you prefer?
I would love something that has British food.|You should try either Graffiti or Travellers Rest then. Would you like more information about these?
I think I'll try Travellers Rest. Could you book me a table there for Saturday?|At what time on Saturday would you like a table reserved?
Please book for 1 person at 16:30|It has been booked, your reference number is Q1IQNSL8
I also need a train departing from Kings Lynn arriving by 11:15.|What day would you be traveling and where are you going to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on the same day as my stop at Travellers Rest.|I have train TR2514 that departs at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would be great.  What is the price for that?|The price for the TR2514 is 7.84 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a seat?
No, that is all I needed, thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|You're welcome. It has been a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a train please.|There are several trains where are you going?
I want to go to Peterborough.|I can certainly help. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Do you have a day in mind to travel?
ill travel; on wednesday. get me the train ID and price|What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave Cambridge after 09:45, please.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 10:06. The ID is TR9805 and it's 16.50 pounds per ticket.
thanks for helping|You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, I only needed the train info. Thanks, again. Goodbye.|We hope you have a nice time in town. Good bye!
I am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant to eat at.|Thank you, I will go to the peking restaurant at street city centre
Can you book me a table for 6 at 15:00 on sunday?|I'm sorry but it is not possible to book that time slot at that restaurant. May I try another time and/or day for you?
Can you see if there is a table for 6 at 14:00 on Sunday, then?|Yes! I am glad to inform you I was able to book you at the Peking on Sunday at 14:00 for 6 people and your reservation number is TSREFNQW.
Thank you, can you please help me find a train on Sunday that will arrive in Cambridge on time for my reservation?|the TR7147 train departs sunday at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge at 12:08.
I actually need a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday that arrives by 10:45.|There are several trains that meet your needs. TR0440 seems like the best option. It departs at 8:09 and arrives at 9:54. I can book this for you if you'd like, or there are three trains that run earlier in the day if you'd like information on those.
Yes, that would work. Can you go ahead and book me 6 tickets and provide me with the reference number, please?|Great you're all set reference number is 0FZ7ADG9
Awesome, you have been very helpful. That's all I need.|Wonderful. Have a very nice day.
I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.|There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.|Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 11:15.|Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please|The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.|Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?|Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.|In the town centre there is one guesthouse and one hotel with 0 stars. Would you like the hotel or the guesthouse?
it doesn't really matter. Moderately priced located in the centre. I need phone number, hotel type and if they have free parking or not|i suggest cityroomz. its a hotel in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223327978
Does it have free parking?|Yes, they do have free parking at this hotel.
Great, thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a multiple sports venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately I did not find any multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Perhaps you would be interested in searching in a different location?
How about one that is in the type of museum?|Sure, we have 11 museums in the centre area, a few are broughton house gallery, cambridge contemporary art, castle galleries and primavera. Any sound good?
Can I get a postcode, entrance fee, and address of one of them?|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960, and it's free to get in.
Excellent. Can I also book a train as well? I need one that leaves after 9:45 to cambridge.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Stevenage on Thursday.|I have trains departing every 2 hours on the :54's, TR3330 leaves at 9:54, would you like to book it?
I don't think so but how much does that one cost?|That particular route is 12.80 pounds a ticket. Anything else I can help you with today?
I need the train ID.|The train ID was TR3330. Do you want to book a ticket?
No, but I do need to know when the train TR 3330 arrives, please.|The TR3330 will arrive in Cambridge on Thursday at 10:43. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
That looks to be all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Call anytime.
Thank you, goodbye.|Good bye.
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre what serves world food.|I'm sorry, but there are no foods in the centre that serve World Food. Would you like to try another area or a different type of food?
I would like a gastropub then if you have one open.|I would suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Great food.  It is located on Corn Exchange Street.
What is the price range?|It is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, just give me the address|Sure, the address is on Corn Exchange Street, post code cb23qf. Can I do anything else for you today?
I do need to get from Stevenage to Cambridge on Saturday. I'd like to leave shortly after 09:45, if possible.|TR9024 leaves at 09:54, would that one work?
Yes, that would work out great.  I need to book the trip for four people.  Can I get a reference number too please?|Reference number is : 1QXKJN3D. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day and goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Ely from Cambridge.|There are 70 possible trips. You can leave as early as 5:35 and as late as 23:35. The trip is 17 minutes. What time of day would you prefer?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 12:00 please.|TR1039 departs from Ely at 13:35, arriving in Cambridge by 13:52.  Does this work for you?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 7 people. I will also need the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JD1P380X.
Thank you I also need to find a cheap guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me find one?|You have 9 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
The location doesn't matter, but I'd like it to be 4 stars.|Okay! How about Allenbell?
Sounds great, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting saturday?|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is ELA3CIDM.
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!|Have a nice day.
Is there an inexpensive restaurant which serves Scandinavian food?|Unfortunately, I haven't found any inexpensive restaurants that serve Scandinavian food. Would you be willing to look for a moderately priced restaurant instead?
yes, that is fine. Please make sure it's in the centre of town.|Unfortunately there are no  Scandinavian restaurants in that area.  Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
How about british food?|I have found four different British restaurants in the Centre area with a moderate price range. May I recommend Restaurant One Seven?
Yes, that sounds good, can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223337766. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to know about taking the train down there.|There are many trains that are available, could you give me some more information on what you're looking for?
Yes I need to go to stansted airport from cambridge on saturday after 15:45. What are my options for this?|There is a train (TR7062) that leaves at 16:40, will that work?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you tell me the price and travel time, or duration, on that one?|Actually that one is sold out however TR2001 leaves at 16:40 as well. Travel time is 28 min and price is 8.08 pounds.
That should work as well! Please go ahead and book!|May I ask how many tickets you would like for that train?
On second thought, I will go ahead and book later. We may need more tickets for some guests we might have coming. Thanks so much. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I'm so bored, can you help me find a nice museum in the city centre to tour?|We have 11 museums, did you have a specific kind in mind?
I definitely want it to be free.|there is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology which is free
May I have the postcode?|Their postcode is cb23dz. anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train that is leaving the Stansted airport after 14;30, on Sunday. I need to travel to Cambridge.|The earliest train leaving after 14:30 is at 15:24 will that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect please book that.|Will you be traveling alone?
I actually dont need a booking. Just the train ID, arrival time and price per ticket please.|TR9680 leaves Stansted Airport at 15:24 and arrives at 15:52 in Cambridge. The price is 8.08 pounds per ticket, and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.
Thanks, that was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you goodbye. Thank you for calling.
I'm in need of a train coming from cambridge that should leave on monday.|Where would you like to go to?
We are traveling to broxbourne. Oh, and we should leave after 21:45 too.|I have two trains available that meet all of your requirements, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.|You're booked on TR9611, leaving at 22:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 18PWJ7X3.
Thanks so much. Can you also look up a hotel for me?|What area and price range would you like the hotel in?
I need you to look up warkworth house for me.|Alright, I've looked up warkworth house. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 nights. I want it from Wednesday.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you.
Would it help if I stayed for only 3 nights instead? I'm flexible.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you want to try another hotel ?
How about 2 nights ?|I'm sorry but I can not book this either.
How about 3 nights?|Would you be interested in trying a different hotel?
What do you show is available?|I have several options, what part of town are you wanting to stay in?
I am looking for warkworth house only.|Would like to book a room?
Yes. For 5 people and 3 nights starting on wednesday.|We are having technical problems please contact them directly at 01223363682. Anything else?
Can you please try to book the room again?|The system is experiencing technical difficulties and bookings are unavailable. Please call the hotel to complete your booking. 01223363682. Anything else?
I am unable to get a response when calling that number. Can you please try to book again?|I was able to get that booked, here is your reference number, 8ZU8JPYO.
Thank you. Thats all i need for now!|Have a great day!
Please help me find a restaurant that serves Italian food located in the centre. Thanks.|There are 9 restaurants to choose from. What is your price range?
I will need to have one that is cheap.|The one I personally recommend is zizzi Cambridge.  It's located at 47-53 Regent Street.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I need a reservation for tuesday please.|How many people will staying and for how many hni.
I need a reservation for 6 people at 16:00 for this restaurant. Please provide the reference number for the booking as well.|Ok, I was able to book for your party of 6. Your reference number is W0XP7TDX. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|Sure, I will need a little more information first. What day and time would you like to leave and your arrival time?
I want to arrive by 9:15, leaving on Tuesday.|The earliest arrival is 6:08 is that okay?
That will work. I need the departure time and the price of a ticket.|This departs at 05:17 and the price of the ticket is 23.60 pounds.
thank you. that is all i need. goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you out!  What would you like to see?
Well, I actually need a place to stay.|ok did you need an attraction ?
Yes, please. I am looking for a boat type of attraction.|Yes I have several in the center and one in the north and east. Any preferences?
No preference. Which one do you recommend?|The Riverboat Georgina you may like. It has passenger cruises and more.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to cambridge departing birmingham new street.|What day would you like to leave?
i want to leave friday, after 10|Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.|The TR0044 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, could you please book that for me. I need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UFTQBOZS.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all, have a great day.|Thank you, you too.
What are my options for pricier hotels that include wifi free?|I have 5 hotels available in your criteria. Would you like to stay at Gonville hotel?
Yes, that is fine.|Sure gonville hotel it is. How can I assist you?
Nothing more, thank you!|Okay thank you! Have a great day!
You too :)|Thanks, enjoy your visit!
Oh! Before you go, can I get the reference number from you please? And if it's not too much of a burden, can you provide train information for us?|What day, how many nights, and how many people would you like for you hotel room?
I need my hotel for 7 people for 5 nights staring from Wednesday.|I've made that booking for you at Gonville, your reference number is DZTN8BRL. Will that be all today?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge and arrives by 09:15 . How much will it cost me?|The cost of the train will depend on where you are traveling to.  Can you please let me know your destination?
How much would it cost to travel to Birmingham New Street?|What day are you taking this trip?
I'm planning on leaving on Monday.|A train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Monday will cost 75.10 pounds.
Will my train arrive by 09:15 ?|TR4300 will arrive at birmingham new street by 8:44. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the price for the ticket?|The price is 75.10. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please!|Alright, one ticket booked for train TR4300, your reference number is 1DAG5WL7.
Thank you for all your help! That is all I need today.|You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip.
I want to get train tickets for Monday please, leaving from Cambridge, if you would.|What time do you want to leave at on monday and where are you going to?
Hello I need to arrive at london kings cross no later than 16:45.|I have several trains that will get you there on time. What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference on leave time.|TR7075	cambridge	london kings cross	monday	05:00	05:51	23.60 pounds	51 minutes
thank you. can i get the reference number please|How many tickets would you like?
I don't need to book any tickets. I'll need the departure time, travel time and train id if you could specify them instead of just sending numbers.|The TR7075 train leaves at 05:00 and takes 51 minutes to travel.  Does that help?
Okay, I believe that's all I need. Thanks for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks. Nothing else.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I want a train leaving from cambridge.|Okay, and where are we headed?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and I'd like to leave on Monday.|Sure thing, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 14:00.|I would recommend TR3929 which leaves Cambridge at 05:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 07:27.
That works, can you book it?|Very good, sir, I've booked your trip successfully. Your reference number is QOWR4OO3.
i'm  also looking for places to go in town.|There are many attractions to choose from. To help narrow the results down, are you interested in architecture, colleges, theatres, museums, or parks?
I would like to go to a cinema in the area you recommend please.|I would recommend cineworld cinema
Sounds great can I get the address.|sure its cambridge leisure park, clifton way, anything else?
What area of town is that in? Also, could I get the train booked for 4 people?|Cineworld Cinema is located in the south. I've changed the train booking to 4 people, the reference number is now WA2NPOY7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. If you think of anything else you need, don't hesitate to contact me.
Can you help me find a train from cambridge?|I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I am travelling to london liverpool street on Monday|Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
london liverpool street and should leave after 17:00, I need you to book it for 7 people and a reference number please|TR7092 leaves at 17:59, will this be ok?
That sounds great. Please book it for me.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 116.2 GBP. You can pay this at the station. Your reference number is 2SDPSULR.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 4.|I'm sorry there aren't any matches. Would you like to try something in the moderate price range?
How about  a cheap place instead?|There are 7 choices in the cheap price range, are there any preferences?
are there any guesthouses?|Yes, there are several. Do you have a certain area in mind?
The area is not an issue. I do want it to be an actual hotel.|There is one cheap hotel in the west. It is the Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes thank you. I need a room for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|I will work on getting that booked for you.
What is the reference number?|Booking was successful, your reference number is:  QJTIXK8C. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Fantastic.  That is all I have to request.|i hope you enjoy staying around here
I'm sure I will. Thanks again.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
This Saturday, I need to take a train from Ely to Cambridge.  Can you assist me?|sure, do you know what time you want to arrive?
I want to arrive by 11:30.|I have a train that arrives at 9:52. May I book it for you?
Please. I'll need 8 tickets.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : X3KOQ6Z3. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a place to dine, preferably in the Centre and I would like it to have modern European food.|There are several options. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
The price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. As long as they have a table for 8 at 15:30 on Saturday.|How does the Galleria sound, moderate price?
That sounds good! Could you book it for me?|I waqs unable to book that for you, Are there any other interest you may have ?
Would Thursday work better for the booking?|I'm not able to book that either?
Hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 15:30 on saturday. and if that doesn't work, then thursday.|Sorry, it looks like my system is still down. You may want to contact the restaurant directly.
Can you try again please?|For how many?
There are eight of us.|Sorry the system is down. Please contact the restaurant directly at 01223362054. Anything else?
Thank you very much. Goodbye|Thank you for your inquiry. I hope I was helpful.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel to stay in.|There are 6, 3 start hotels in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for the part of town it is located in?
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.|Okay, I've got two that fit the bill.  One in the centre of town and one in the south.  Do you have a preference?
I do, yes. I would like to stay in the center of town. I need it to fit five people, for 3 nights, starting Wednesday afternoon.|I am very sorry, but I was unable to book a reservation for you. Would you be willing to book a later day or would you be willing to have a shorter stay?
Lets try just booking it for one night.|I apologize. One night is not working either. There are guesthouses.
What about the 4 star hotels?|I do have a four star hotel in the centre of town, but it is also unable to accommodate your guests for 3 days. Can you adjust your length of stay?
Can we book the other expensive 3 star hotel for one night starting on wednesday?|I reserved Wednesday night at the University Arms Hotel for 5 people.  Your reference number is GM90EY8A.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train leaving after 18:30 from kings lynn to cambridge.|Sure I will be able to book you a train, on what particular day will you want to travel?
same day as my hotel booking.|How many tickets do you need?
Great! I will need 5 tickets.|You are booked for Train Tr5556, your reference number is JA6WAOJC.
Thank you. What's the travel time?|travel time is 47 minutes
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thanks!|No trouble at all, I hope you have a wonderful stay!
I need train tickets going to broxbourne leaving on monday please.|Where will you be going?
I will be traveling to broxbourne on monday from cambridge and need to leave after 8:00|I have a train that leaves at 8:01 and one that leaves at 9:01.  Both are 17.90 GBP.  Which do you prefer?
Let's go with the one leaving at 08:01. Can you book that for five people for me?|Ok.  I have booked 5 tickets from Cambridge to Broxbourne on TR5517 departing at 8:01 Monday.  The total is 89.5 GBP and is payable at the station.
Can i get the reference number?|Of course, your reference number is HLGV5NI4.
Excellent. I'm also look for a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.|There is a Great Saint Mary's Church in the centre of the city on Market Square. It is 2 pounds to visit for the fee. Is there anything else?
What is the address and postcode?|The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq.
That is all i need for now.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Do any trains leave broxbourne?|There are 133 leaving Broxbourne and arriving in Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I wanted to leave sometime after 18:15 on Friday.|TR7648 will depart at 18:32 on Friday, arriving in Cambridge by 19:32.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please and can you send me the reference number. Thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : N4UPROAM.
Thank you so much.|Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food.|I have 2 options. There is the Galleria and the other is the Hotel du Vin and Bistro. Would you be needing a reservation at either of these?
I need one that is in the centre.  Is either of those?|They both are! Would you like a reservation at one of them?
just make sure you get phone number, postcode, and address.|How many people will be dining and what time do you prefer?
Just for myself.|Galleria is in the center, phone number is 01223362054, post code is cb21uw and the address is 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.|Will you be coming in on Friday? and what time would you like the table booked for?
Actually, that will be all for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.|Unfortunately there are no hotels available that fit that criteria.
What can you recommend? And please I need free wifi.|There are 5 expensive hotels with free parking. I recommend The Gonville Hotel which has a 3 star rating.
Does it have free wifi? Is it in the north?|It does have free wifi, but it is located in the centre, there are no expensive hotels in the north area.
Check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. Book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on monday.|Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a hotel please.|Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating. Free parking and wifi also. Does this suit you to book your stay?
Yes, what is the reference number?  I also need a train that departs from Cambridge by 12:30 can you assist with that?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful for the hotel
Will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from Monday?|Ok you are booked for 2 nights starting on Monday at the Ashley (Ref# MIFN5IXJ). What else can I help you with?
Yes I also need to find a train out of Cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in norwich.|Which day do you require the train?
Wednesday. I will need 1 ticket.|I have booked Train TR9635 departing at 10:36 and arriving at 11:55. Reference# UN7QY0L4. Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Alright, thank you and goodbye!
I need a place to eat that is cheap.|I have several inexpensive restaurants in different areas of town.  Do you have a location preference?
Yes. I want the center area.|i can recommend rice house that serves chinese food
Do you have any restaurants that serve english food?|I am showing nothing for english food in the centre area. Would you like to try something else?
How about some awesome Indian food. I need a table for 8 on 16:30 monday|i booked you at kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1OB1SN34. is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks for your help. In addition, I am looking for a Thursday train departing Cambridge, please.|There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on thursday. Where is your destination?
I'm looking to travel to Ely departing after 13:15 if possible.|The TR5225 leaves at 13:50 on Thursday. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book 8 tickets and provide me with a reference number|Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is FR546MZC. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thanks. That is all for now!|Ok.  I hope you have a great day!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.|What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.|What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.|There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.|There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I also need you to book Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on Tuesday.|Ok done. Booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : 470BKSJV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks a lot|I am glad to help enjoy your time !
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel to stay in that includes free parking. Can you help me?|There are many options in this price range.
Are any of the options guesthouses with 4 stars?|There are 9 in the area. I recommend the Warkworth house.
Can you book that one for 4 nights starting on Wednesday?|I can do that, but first, can you confirm how many guests will be staying?
Yes there will be one guest. I will need the hotel reference number. I also need a train that arrives by 20:30 and leaves on sunday|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is 5JGRH1VH.
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday. I need to arrive at or just before 20:30.|What time do you need to depart?
i don't care, just as long as i'm there by 20:30|What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by 17:00.|I have train TR5473 leaving at 17:06 and arriving at 17:56.
Great, that will work for me. I need 1 ticket please and the reference number.|The booking was successful the reference number is H6XOK6U4. The fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|thank you for using our service. goodbye.
I am looking for information about Rosa's Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the southern part of town. Its address is 53 roseford road, would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, can you book me a reservation for 8 for 5 nights on Thursday please.|Okay, booking was successful. Your reference number is : HYPPOZMF.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train.|There are 2,828 trains scheduled. May I have some more information about your travel plans to help you select an appropriate train?
Oh yeah sorry, I want to travel out of Cambridge and head to peterborough and get there by 10:45 on Tuesday.|I have 10 trains available. The nearest to 10:45 is the TR1430 leaving at 09:34, arriving at 10:24, with a duration of 50 minutes for 16.50 pounds. Would that work?
Yes, that should work|I am working on your reservation, how many tickets do you need for the train?
That's all the information I needed, thank you for your help.|Alright, if you need a booking in the future, we will be here. Have a good day!
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?|Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.|I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|it was successful. Reference number is : 1OS7NNXW. thank you.
Also I need a train on Sunday for 8 people|Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford. I want the train to leave after 10:45|There are 7 options. Shall I book the earliest one?
Yes and to make a booking for the same group of people, be sure I get the reference number please.|The train is booked and here is the reference number KM4FJVYN.
Great! Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, have a great time.
I need a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|I have many guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I will need free wifi and parking.|Acorn guest house has that, will that work for you?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.|The reference number is,VAKDVQNB is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need train tickets.|Okay, please tell where you are going and where you are leaving from, and what day.
I am going to Kings lynn from Cambridge. I leave Wednesday.|What time would you like to travel? There are trains every hour from 5:11. It takes 47 minutes to get there from Cambridge.
I'd like to arrive by 17:30. Any trains that do that will be fine. I just need the price.|TR8890 arrives at 16:58. It costs 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the service, goodbye.|I'm happy to be of service! Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Are you looking for a place to visit, eat or stay? Do you need transportation?
I'm interested in any boats on the westside.|There are no boats on the west side of town right now, do you have something else you'd like to try?
Okay what about any atttaction that is in the type of college and if available may i have the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.|There are a number of colleges in the west. I suggest magdalene college on magdalene street, cb30ag. Phone is 	01223332138. Entrance is free.
Okay great! I also need a train. Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I need more information on your trip first.
Sure, I am going to be travelling from Leicester to Cambridge on Monday.  I need to arrive by 13:00.|I found 7 trains that match your criteria. How early do you want to leave? We have trains running every hour from 05:09 to 11:09
Can you book 2 tickets for a train that arrives closest to 13:00 please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LQKC8QD2. You'll be on the TR1193 which will arrive at 12:54.
Thanks for helping me, I am all set.|Great, thank you for visiting us and I hope that you enjoy your stay.
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?|What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.|Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?|Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?|Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I also will need a hotel|Your train reference number is UOREY9NL. The total fee is 22 GBP. What area do you want to stay in?
It doesn't matter, I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|The A and B Guest House fits your request, would you like me to book it for you?
Do they have free wifi?|The guesthouse does have internet.
Thank you for all of your help.|You are quite welcome, do you need me to make a reservation for the guesthouse?
Yes, please. I'd like a room for 5 people on Wednesday for 3 nights.|Alright, your booking is complete. Reference number is TBFOOKPC. Anything else today?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.|I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|What type of place are you looking for?
I don't have a preference, but I will need a phone number.|Old Schools is a great bit of architecture that I recommend visiting. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also need a train going to cambridge departing from birmingham new street. I'd like to leave at 09:15.|What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and I changed my mind, I prefer a train that leaves after 14:00|Train TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives by 17:23.
What is the price and travel time?|163 minutes and 75.10 pounds.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I need help with.|Did you want me to make the train reservations for you?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to find a place to stay.  It needs to include wifi and I would like a 3 star.|Ok, I have 2 hotels and 3 guest houses matching that request. What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
Are any of them moderately priced and have free parking?|Yes there are 3 different options. Would you like to stay in the north, west, or south?
You may decide which area would be good, just let me know which area you pick.|I recommend Hobsons House in the west. Would you like to book a room?
No but I also would like to get a train leaving from peterborough.|OK, what day and time do you need to travel?
I would like a train on monday and need to arrive by 13:30|I have train TR7895 that will get you into Cambridge at 13:09. Would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I'll book it later. That's all I need. Thanks for everything.|You're very welcome! Take care!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from stansted airport.|Sure, I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at cambridge by 8:30 on wednesday.|There are 3 different options that fit your request. Which time would you like to depart, 05:24, 06:24, or 07:24?
I need to depart whichever train gets me to Cambridge closest to 08:30 am.|the TR0196 arrives by 7:52. do you want to purchase a ticket?
yes and I need a reference number please thank you|How many tickets will you need?
Nevermind.  I'm going to just purchase my ticket at the station.  Can you check for Swedish restaurant for me?|I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants that serve Swedish food in the area. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
how about one with italian food?|recommend pizza hut city centre. it a very good joint.
Sounds like a plan. Can you book me a table for 6 people please|Sure thing what day and time would you like to go?
it will be for wednesday, 6 people at 12:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 63OVPORG.
Thanks for your help.  That is all I will be needing for today.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to book a train to stansted airport from cambridge. Can you help?|Absolutely. Where will you departing from?
From Cambridge, which is why I asked the Cambridge TownInfo centre.|What day would you like to leave?
On Saturday.  Is there a train that will arrive by 15:15?|There is! TR7213 leaves at 05:40 and arrive at 06:08 it is 10.10 pounds. Can I book that for you?
No need to book it. Thanks. But can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south?|Sure - The Lucky Star serves Chinese food and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Do either of those sound good?
The Lucky Star sounds good. That's all I need.|Would you like to book a table?
Can you also tell me the postcode?|Sure. The post code is cb17dy.
Thanks for your help. Good bye.|You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Can you tell me where the nightclubs are in east Cambridge?|There are no nightclubs in the east. Do you have another preference?
Are there any museums in the East then?|We have 4 museums in the East. Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all free. Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds.
Can I have the postcode for Cambridge Artworks, please?|It is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a Train, I am hoping to leave sometime on Friday and arrive by 12:45.|Where will you travel to and from?
I am going to leicester from cambridge.|There are 5 trains that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book you with the earliest?
No, I actually just need the train ID.  The earliest train would be great.|The earliest train is the train TR4826.
that is all i need for now. thanks for helping|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need a train leaving from stansted airport.|Sure, what date and time would you like to travel?
Sunday I can leave any time after 11:30.|The first train out after 11:30 leaves at 12:24. It arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes I will need it for 7 people.|You're all set! The fee is 56.56 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is VWI4PRFE. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre of town.|I have lots to do in the center like, colleges, theater, cinema and architecture. Any preferences?
We would like to enjoy some entertainment.  Can you suggest something of this type?|There are clubs,can you ive me a idea of what you like ?
Is there a park?|The Cambridge university botanic gardens are lovely this time of year. The gardens are located on Bateman street. Do you want more information?
No that's actually everything I needed. Thank you, goodbye!|You're very welcome. Thank you and have a lovely day.
I'm just looking for a cool place to go later.|Which area do you want to go to?
I would like to visit a college, what would the entrance fee be?|Almost all of them are free. Christ's college is famous and free. What part of town do you prefer?
I don't prefer a part of town. I need to find a train to get there. Can you help me with that too?|Yes, when would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on tuesday.|Christ's college is located in Centre. Where will you be departing from on Tuesday and what time?
hold the phone. what is the entrance fee for christ's college?|Christ's College is free admission.
Great I also need a train departing from birmingham new street and arriving by 18:15|I'm sorry there are no trains that fit that criteria. Would you be able to arrive any later?
Are you sure? Can you please check again for a Wednesday train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, arriving by 18:15?|I am sorry I cannot find anything for those specifications
I find it hard to beleive there are no trains arriving by 18:15. It doesn't need to arrive AT 18:15 just before that. Please check again.|TR2286 leaves birmingham new street at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes. May I book this for you?
Yes please, just one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JWJXOOQU.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|I'm sorry for the confusion earlier, I hope you have a lovely time here.
Can you help me find a college located in the centre. I seemed to have misplaced the information on it.|There are sveral colleges in the centre. Do you remember the name?
I do not. Could I have the addresses for all of them and the entrance fees?|I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street.  It has free admission.  There are a number of others, but that is the one I would suggest.
That sounds fantastic. Could I get the address?|Address, post code first is cb21dq	regent street. May I help you with any thing else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves Stansted Airport on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 21:00.|There are 15 trains that match those requirements. Is there any time you want to leave?
I'll take whatever the last train is that will get me there before 21:00. If you can just give me the train ID please. Thanks.|Sure, that would be train TR5097 and it arrives at 20:52.
Great!  Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That will be all. Goodbye.|It's been a pleasure. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?|I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options.|They are the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.
The University Arms sounds good.|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL.
Perfect. You have been so much help!|I'm glad I could help you today. Is there anything else you need?
Yes please, I also need a train to Cambridge, on Thursday.|What town are you leaving from? What time do you want to depart or arrive, please?
I will be leaving Cambridge and arriving at Ely.|We have 10 trains that match your criteria. The TR0996 leaves at 05:50 and gets to Ely by 06:07. Would you like to book you a seat on it?
No thank you. I just need the price and travel time please.|Sure! The travel time is 17 minutes and it costs 144.40 pounds.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for calling today. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train please going to cambridge.|I'd be happy to help with your request, to narrow it down where is your departure site and what time do you want to arrive?
I'm looking for a train leaving from london liverpool street after 20:00 on Friday.|How about train TR8373 that leaves at 21:39?
its ok. book for 8 people and help me get the reference number please|All right, that's done. Your reference number is 3S77WUWE. How else may I help you?
That was everything, thanks!|Have a nice trip thank you.
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.|What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.|The acorn guest house is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?|Sure!  The reservation is set.  Your reference number is EOPOKFF6.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you|There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?
Woah now, that's way too early. I actually don't need to get in until 19:00.|I hear ya'. How about TR1038? It leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and gets into Birmingham New Street at 18:44. Would that work for you?
What's the price per ticket and travel time for that one?|75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minute trip.  Is there anything else, that I can assist with?
Have a nice day.|You too. Have a great trip.
I need to take a train from cambridge on thursday.|Okay and where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to bishops stortford and need to leave after 12:00.|The TR0927 leaves at 13:29. Would that work for you?
That will work fine.|Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though. What 3 star hotels do you have available?|I have 6 three star hotels available, what price range are you looking for?
Price range doesn't matter, I'd like free wifi though.|Do you want the hotel to be in a certain part of town?
Not really, can you recommend your favorite?|The gonville hotel gets rave reviews. It is in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book it?
I'm sorry can you tell me the price and arrival time on the train?|Train TR0927 will being leaving 13:29 and arrive at 14:07. Any thing else I can help you with?
How much is the train?|10.10 pounds is the price for train TR0927
I will also need a guesthouse.|I have three guesthouses with a 3 star rating. All have parking and wifi. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any will do. I need it for 6 people.|How long is your stay, for how many people please?
I just told you I need it for 6 people. And it'll be for 3 nights.|Bridge guest house is the best choice for you. Do you want me to book it?
Yes for monday. I will be staying one night.|I am sorry, I am confused. Do you need the reservation for 6 people for 3 nights or for 1 person for 1 night?
I need it for 6 people for 3 nights starting monday.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is 3HUEDEZP.
Please book for 6 people staying for 3 nights starting on Monday. Sorry for the conflicting info.|I have made that reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you for helping me with the train and guesthouse. It saved me time. Goodbye.|I am happy to help you. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.|What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.|The acorn guest house is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?|Sure!  The reservation is set.  Your reference number is EOPOKFF6.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you|There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?
I'm looking for a place to stay that provides wifi without any extra charges. Can you find something like that for me?|There are 32 places to stay with free internet. Is there a preferred part of town?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of at leas 3 stars and I'd also like free parking.|hobsons house is a good choice in the west. Would you like to book?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure. How many people are in your party?
4 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I've booked a room for 2 nights beginning on Sunday. The room is for 4 and your confirmation number is K55JXP0G. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train.|Where will you be heading and departing from and what day and time?
I'm going from cambridge to stevenage on the same day as the hotel booking. I need to arrive by 12:30.|I will find a train for you.
Great!  What is the departure time?|The TR8464 meets your criteria. The departure time is 11:21. Would you like to book tickets?
Sure! Can you tell me the cost, too?|Your tickets have been booked.  Reference #: HHBZ1L0T and the total fee is 40.96 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you so much.|thanks and welcome anytime
I may have gotten mixed up. I am departing from Stevenage to go to Cambridge.  I'm sorry.|ok, the TR7802 arrives by 10:43
What is the cost and departure time of the TR7802 train?|It departs at 09:54 and the cost is 10.24 pounds.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|There are many different options for trains departing Cambridge. What date and time do you need a train on?
I need to get to Peterborough on Friday, and I have to leave after 12:30.|The first train leaving after 12:30 is TR5650 and leaves at 12:34 to get you to Petersborough at 13:24. Would this suit your needs or would you like a later one?
I'd like to book this train for 7 people, if possible.|You're all booked! 7 tickets from Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:34. Your reference number is  I9UBCZW2.
Great. Thanks for all your help.|You are more than welcome. Enjoy the journey.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the centre.|I have found 9 results for an Indian restaurant in the centre area, do you have a price preference?
An expensive indian restaurant located in the centre please.|Saffron Brasserie is located in the centre area.  Would you like me to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, address and postcode please?|Yes. The address is Hills Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223354679. Their postcode is cb21la. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need some information about the train schedule. I want to leave on Saturday.|Sure thing what places and times would you like to travel?
I'm going to bishops stortford after work, after 21:15 would work.|I have two trains that leave after that time. One departs at 21:29 and the other departs at 23:29. Which would you prefer?
I would like to book the first one. Can you give me the price on that?|The price of that is 8.08 pounds.
Ok thank you for the information that's all I needed today.|ok have a great time
I'm trying to find a nightclub in the centre of town.|We have 5 nightclubs located in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular nightclub or do you want a recommendation?
Could you give me a recommendation as well as the entrance fee?|ballare has a 5 pound entrance fee.
I need a train departing from london liverpool street.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I will need it on Friday and intend to arrive by 12:00.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What day were you wanting to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday.|The TR0637 will get you into Cambrdige by 11:07. Will that work for you?
may i have the train ID and price please ?|You already have the Train ID from previous conversations, but the price is 16.60 pounds.
Thanks. Thats all I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo Centere. I hope you use us again.
Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 10:00.|Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.|TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great.  Could you please make a booking for seven people?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.|That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town.  What would you like to know?
I'm looking for a train.|I have 2,828 trains with different routes, to help narrow it down, where will you be departing/arriving, and what day/time?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Wednesday and headed for Stansted Airport. It should arrive by 15:15. I would also like you to make a booking for 6 people.|I have two trains that would suit you. One arrives at 14:08 and the other at 15:08. Do you have a preference?
I will take the one that arrives at 15:08. can you make me a booking for 8 people on Wednesday? I will need a reference number.|Sure thing! I've booked the train for 8, and your reference number is I62H3VUY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help - goodbye!|It was a pleasure to assist you. Please use us again for your future needs. Have a good day.
Hello! My friends told me about a hotel called Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Can you get me some information about it, please?|Yes she lives in. Barbers lost his son and and sleeps and eats a lot
do they have internet? how many stars does it have? and whats its postcode?|They have internet, it has a 4 star rating, and the postcode is cb12de.
Great! I will also need a train. I need to leave on Saturday and depart from Cambridge.|What is your desired destination and timeframe for travel?
Going to  london kings cross. I want to leave after 10:15.|The TR5170 departs Cambridge on Saturday at 11:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 11:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you.  I would like the travel time and price information if you can provide it, however.|The TR5170's trip duration is 51 minutes, and it costs 18.88 pounds. Can I help with anything else today?
I believe that will be everything.|Have a great trip!
Thank you. You have been very helpful.|It's my pleasure. Goodbye1
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Thursday for Cambridge.|Where wouold you be traveling from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and I need to leave after 17:15.|TR8714 departs at 17:48 and arrives by 18:38 in Cambridge on Thursday.  Would you like to book a seat?
What is the total travel time?|Total travel time is 50 minutes.  Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. As I'll be in the center part of town I'd like to find an expensive restaurant there. Do you have any suggestions?|I certainly can what type of cuisine are you interested in?
Cuisine doesn't matter as long as it's expensive and in the centre. Why don't you choose one and give me the phone number, postcode, and address|I have the Cambridge Chop House postcode cb21sj address is 1 Kings Parade and the phone number is 01223359506. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I actually do not need any further assistance today. Thank you, goodbye!|Okay, have a wonderful day, bye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Congratulations! When are you traveling? Would you like to come by bus or train?
Train please. I need to leave cambridge on friday after 12:15 going to broxbourne.|There are 11 trains meeting those requirements, leaving once an hour starting at 13:01. They all have a duration of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds.
Can you book me on the first train at 13:01.  I need 4 people to be reserved for.  If I can get a reference number that would be great!|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PUWPI5NE.
Thank you! Can you also tell me some information about the fitzwilliam museum?|Okay it's located in the centre an free to get in.
What attraction type would you classify it as?|It's a museum. Do you need more information?
what area is it in?|Sure it is located in the city center.
thanks for all of your help|is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all for today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I need to book a train for Monday.|Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from Peterborough going to Cambridge.|I have 38 trains that meet your criteria. Did you have a preferred departure time?
Ideally it should leave after 13:45.|TR9063 leaves at 13:48. Would you like to book it? The next departure is at 14:19.
Possibly, what is the price, arrival time, and travel time for TR9063?|TR9063 arrives in Cambridge at 14:38. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fee is 16.50 GBP per ticket.
Ok, thanks for that information. I would also need assistance finding a hotel in the north part of town.|There are 13 hotels in the north of town. Do you have a price range or star preference?
I would like to stay in an expensive hotel, I know that for sure. I am not too concerned about missing out on amenities such as free parking and WiFi.|The acron guest house is a four star hotel.  Would you like to try that one?
Is it expensive, though?|The acorn guest house is moderately priced, but there are two more inexpensive guesthouses available if you would prefer.
The acorn guest house will do nicely.  I would like to book 4 nights starting Monday accommodating 4 guests. I will need the reference number.|The booking is successful, reference number is Y2ATA7D2.
Thank you very much. I think that is everything I need then.|Glad I could help you today. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday and arrives by 18:30|Sure, which stations will you be using?
from cambridge to stansted airport.|There are 13 trains that match your needs. The first train leaves at 05:40. Do you want a ticket on this train or one that leaves later?
No thank you that will be all|Glad I could be of help.
Actually I do need the train ID and travel time please.|Travel time will be 28 minutes for any train. The one closest to your arrival time is the TR5579, which departs cambridge at 17:40
Can you also get me the postcode for Nandos restaurant?|cb17dy is the postcode. Would you like to dine there ?
Thank you I will think about it.|Great. Is there anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, can you find me a train to Cambridge on Thursday?|There are quite a few trains to Cambridge on Thursday. Where are you departing from, and at what time would you like to leave?
I would be departing from peterborough on thursday and want to arrive by 9:30.|There is a train that departs from Peterborough, arriving at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Can you make a reservation for 2 people?|You are all set on the TR9303.  The fee will be 33 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7M26SARU.  Can I be of further assistance?
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the cheap price range and i want Spanish food|La Raza in the centre fits that criteria. Would you like a reservation?
No, no reservation is necessary. May I get their address and postcode please?|You can find La Raza at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, postcode cb23ll. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm all set thank you, goodbye!|Thank you and have a nice trip.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Okay, any type in mind?
The train I'm looking for should depart from Stevenage and be leaving after 16:45. Can you help?|Okay. You mentioned finding a local restaurant, initially. Would you like me to search for one? If so, what kind of cuisine?
I'm looking for something local. What do you recommend?|It depends on what your price range is.
Actually I am craving singaporean food, price is no object.  I would also like something in the centre area.|Unfortunately, there is not a singaporean restaurant in the centre of town. Any other preferences?
Do you have any asian expensive restaurants?|yes, there's a place called kymmoy.
Thank you so much for your information.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I need a train leaving from Cambridge.|Absolutely, what day of departure and what destination location?
I am heading to London Kings Cross and would need the train for Wednesday please. Oh and I need to leave after 18:00 sometime.|Okay, the TR8676	train leaves at 19:00 and arrives at 19:51. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes I need that for 3 people please.|I have booked your tickets. 70.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is JLCUPIN6
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|My pleasure. Thank you.
What can you tell me about magdalene college?|It is located in the west area and has a free entrance fee.
Great!  Can you give me the phone number to magdalene college?|Sure, the phone number is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from ely on Monday|okay! where is the destination?
The train should arrive by 11:45 and should go to cambridge|TR2987 departs at 09:35 and arrives by 09:52. Would you like a ticket?
No how much are the tickets?|Each ticket is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|Ok, thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.|I have 13 hotels in that area, is there any special accommodations you would like?
I would prefer a guest house and free wifi please.|That narrows it down to 10, any other requirements?
Nope. Have any recommendations?|How about archway house. It is a guesthouse with a 4 star rating, moderate price range.  It has free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Okay, I'd like to book 8 people for 4 nights staring Sunday, and I need a reference number. I'd also like a train to Broxbourne Thursday.|Your booking has been completed!  Your reference number is M8Y6V3HX.  Will your train be departing from Cambridge?
Yes it should be, is the one booked departing from Cambridge?|Yes the train will be departing from Cambridge.
Thanks.  I'm good then.|I think there's been some confusion. Your lodgings are booked but we haven't yet found your train. Do you have a particular time you need to depart or arrive by?
Yes,  I need to book my train. I need it to arrive by 17:30, please.|The TR2885 train leaves Cambridge at 06:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 07:01. The ticket price is17.90 pounds each. Would you like to book this train and how many tickets.
Yes. I will need 8 tickets for the train.|Great! I booked those 8 tickets for you. You are all set. Your reference number is  0H84W4J6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help!|Great!  The total fee is 143.19 GBP.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge.  I need it to arrive by 14:15.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Where are you going and on what day would you like to travel?
I am going to bishops stortford and traveling on wednesday.  Please reserve 3 seats and provide the reference number, thank you!|I was able to book the train, TR3844, for 30.29 total fee, which you may pay at the station. Reference number is 1PISWDKF. May I be of anymore assistance?
Also looking for an Italian restaurant in the West.|I have 2, Prezzo- moderately priced and La Margerita-cheap, which one do you prefer and when would you like the reservations?
Yes, let's go with La Margerita. I don't need reservations, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can we book that place for, say, same number of people at 10:00 on the same day, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 78MCBK84. Is there anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me book a train on Sunday?|Where is the destination?
I want to go to Ely.|There are a number of trains leaving Cambridge for Ely on Sundays. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need it to leave after 08:15 please.|can i book for you?
Yes please book just one ticket for me.|TR1159 leaves at 9:50 and the fee of 3.52 pounds is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what is the reference number for the reservation?|The reference # is T27B8DUJ. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Happy to be of help, and I hope you have a great day!
I need to find a moderately priced place to dine in the centre please.|Okay, I can help you with that. We have several great moderately priced restaurants. What type of food would you like?
Do you have any Lebanese restaurants?|We have ali baba which is lebanese
Okay. Could you book that for 3 people for Sunday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : R73U0ESJ.  What else can I do for you today?
That is all I need, thank you.|You're very welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking to hear some music in a concert hall. Are there any in the north section of Cambridge?|There are no concert halls located in the North section of Cambridge. Is there somewhere else you want me to check?
Yes. Are there attractions with swimming pools in that area?|There are two swimming pools in northern Cambridge. I would recommend kings hedges learner pool in jedburgh court, kings hedges. How does that sound?
That sounds great thank you for the help.|You're very welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
I also need to get a train that is leaving on sunday and should go to cambridge.|I'd be happy to help you. Can you tell me more about your trip?  Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Leicester and would like to leave after 21:00.|There are three trains leaving at 21:09 and each hour after. Would the train leaving at 21:09 work for you?
Yes that one will work great. How much does that train cost and what is the travel time?|They are all 30.24 pounds and last 105 minutes. Would you prefer the 21:09, 22:09 or the 23:09?
I will do the 21:09, but I will book later, thank you so much for your help.|Very good, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, Thank you very much, goodbye|Have a nice day.
Is there any chinese food around me right now?|Yes. there's a total of 17 Chinese restaurants in town. Are you looking for a particular price range or specific part of town?
I'd like something in the centre of town for a moderate price.|We have jinling noodle bar, lan long house and shanghai family restaurant, any preferences?
Let's go with Shanghai Family.  What is the address, phone number and postcode?|The address and postcode are 39 Burleigh Street City Centre, cb11dg. The phone number is 01223301761. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train to London Kings Cross on Thursday.|OKay, what time are you going to depart?
I can depart anytime, but need to arrive by 08:15 please|Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time and the train id for a train arriving closest to 08:15 in london kings cross from cambridge on thursday?|TR8335 arrives at 7:51.Will this one work for you?
yes, that will work. thats all the information i need. thanks. goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for an attracion called the cherry hinton hall and grounds.|Ah, yes. Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is an entertainment venue in the East. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, may I please have the phone number?|Sure! The phone number for the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is 01223446104. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking a train. The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.|Are you wanting to leave from Cambridge?
Yes I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive by 16:15.|How about the TR7852 train? It arrives in Stevenage at 14:10.
Is there anything that arrives a little closer to 16:15 or is this the best option?|Train TR8135 arrives by 16:10, shall we book that one for you? That is the closest one to that time.
You don't need to book it for me, but could you tell me the travel time and price for that train?|The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the trip would be 49 minutes.
Thank you so much, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Glad to give you the information, contact us again if you need more assistance.
I am looking for information on a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives at 9:45|There are a few that arrive at cambridge by 09:45 what day are you arriving and where are you departing from?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street and I want to leave on Tuesday.|Okay great! I have one train that would get you to Cambridge on Tuesday by 09:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
No I just need to know the departure time please.|The departure time is 07:39 for that train. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some good places to go while I'm in town?|There are lots of nice attractions in town. Do you have a preference for type or area?
I think we'd like to see a museum - do you have any recommendations?|There are 23 museums all around the city. If you don't have any area preferences, Cafe Jello Gallery on the west side is very nice, and they have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. What is there address?|Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Do you have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all. Thanks.|Thank you and have a good day!
I am looking for Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, please. I need the area and phone number.|Absolutely! It's located in the north and the phone number is 01223353248. Can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a train out of here for Saturday.|What time will you be departing?
I will be departing after 09:45 and going to peterborough.|ok, TR9803 leaves at 10:06. do you need a ticket?
Could you tell me the travel and arrival time of this train?|Sure, it leaves Cambridge at 10:06 and gets to Peterborough by 10:56.  50 Minutes total.
Okay, thank you so much for your help.|Would you like me to book the tickets for you today?
NO thank you. That's all I needed.|If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact our help desk again!
I'm looking for an attraction to go in the centre. Can you help?|Yes, we have many attractions in the centre of town.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have a preference on type of attraction.|There are 44 attractions in the centre. Would you like to go to visit a church?
That sounds like a good idea. Could you please give me the phone number and postcode of one you would suggest? Also the attraction's entrance fee.|How about Holy Trinity Church? Their postcode is cb23nz and the telephone number is 01223355397.
Is there and entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for the Holy Trinity Church.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a Train leaving some time after 9:15 from Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on thursday.|great, and what is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge.|There are 8 trains that meet your criteria. They run every two hours starting at 09:29. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I want to leave sometime after 9:15 from bishops stortford thursday to cambridge, whats the arrival time to the closest train and the ID please|The earliest train available is TR0798. The arrival time would be 10:07.
Brilliant. Thanks for your help today.|Is that everything you needed today?
Yes that is all. You were great. Thanks again.|Please use our service again. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some lodging. Are there any 3-star accommodations where you don't have to pay for parking?|There are! What part of town would you like to stay in?
In the west please. Also, I'd like it to be expensive.|There are no lodging in the expensive price range that is in the west side of town. Would you like somewhere else?
Yes, let's check the south please?|the lensfield hotel fits your description. can i book?
What is the hotel type, phone number and address?|It is a hotel located at 52-57 lensfield road and the phone number is 01223355017.
cool, i also need a train|Where are you travelling to and from and on what day and time please?
I am going to Cambridge from Stansted on Thursday and arriving by 15:30.|There is a 14:24 that would get you there are 14:52.  Does that sound good?
Great what is the price and id of the train?|The train ID is TR2473 and the cost is 10.10 pounds.
That is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday.  Can you book it for me?|Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:45.|I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you?
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?|The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north.|There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
Need a train leaving on Thursday after 14:30|I found 195 trains that match your prerequisites. What is your destination?
I am going to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.|Train TR3237 arrives at 17:27 and cost 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure how many seats I'll be needing yet.|Okay. Just call us back when you do.
Oh, I am also looking for an African restaurant in the centre...North African, to be exact.|There aren't any in that particular area, do you have any alternative preferences?
Hmm, can you see if there might be an expensive restaurant that serves specifically "north african" food in the centre of town?|I apologize, but we are don't have any North African restaurants in this town at all. I do have an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Will that suffice?
No, if I can't get North African I'd really prefer something radically different. Chinese, maybe?|How about the Ugly Duckling? They serve chinese food and are located in the centre of the city.
Okay. can you book me a table for 7 at 11:00 for Thursday?|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
Sure, can we try for 10:00 instead?|Booking for 10:00 was successful. Your reference number is XVUUCPBH. Is there anything else I can help with?
That will be all, thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a train on sunday from cambridge.|TR7423	cambridge	london kings cross	sunday	05:00	05:51	18.88 pounds	51 minutes
Can you verify that it will arrive in stevenage by 09:00?|Ah, no, you will need another train to get to Stevenage. TR5390 leaves at 05:21 and TR3889 leaves at 07:21. Do you have a preference?
I don't have a preference I just need to arrive by 09:00. Can you please provide me the travel time, departure time and price?|TR3889 departs at 07:21 and takes 49 minutes to arrive. The fee is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Reference number is : 8OHSGLQU. if u interested
Please help me find a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys. Thanks.|It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Can you book a table for 1 at 17:00 on Saturday there for me?|Sure!  I've booked it for Saturday at 17:00 for 1 person.  Reference number is 57BVL3K7.
Thanks, I also need a train going to cambridge, arriving at 13:00, please.|Will you be traveling on Saturday?
Yes. I'm coming in from leicester.|TR6210 arrives in Cambridge at 12:54 on Saturday. Would you like a ticket on that train?
What is the total travel time? And can I also get the departure time and a price please|That train leaves at 11:09 and last a total of 105 minutes of travel.
How much does this ticket cost?  Thanks for your help!|It is 30.24 pounds.
No thank you that will be all|have a nice day. bye
I would like to book a reservation at an indian restaurant in the expensive price range|You can try taj tandoori in the west.  Need a reservation?
No, I'm sorry that one won't work, are there any in the south?|There is a location also on the south.
Can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Sunday?|Booking was successful at taj tandoori The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : BNF7N69I.  Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
I am in the north part of town, can you tell me what cheap restaurants are around?|There's two places that match your criteria. One is indian food and the other is italian. Would you like the address of either?
I would love to know the address of the Italian place please, that sounds perfect!|Ok! The restaurant is called Da Vinci Pizzeria and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton with postcode CB41JY. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I would, I need it for Saturday for 5 people at 18:00 please.|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : 3MC54ZYM.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that will depart from Peterborough.  Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. Please tell me where you're departing from and what day and time and I'll get you some options.
Leaving peterborough and must arrive at least by 12:15, I'll need to book a table then too|Where are you heading to from Peterborough?
I am traveling to Cambridge on Saturday.|TR8494 leaves peterborough saturday at 11:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:09. Would you like me to book passage for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I'll be happy to assist with that, how many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually, let me get more information first. What is the travel time and price?|Travel time is 50 minutes, and the price is 13.20 pounds.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Did you want me to reserve the train for you?
No that is everything, thanks for your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.|There are a lot of great places to eat in the Centre.  Do you have a type of food in mind?
Can you look up greek food please?|I do not have any Greek in the Centre. Do you have anything else in mind?
What about Mediterranean food?|There's 3 restaurants that match that criteria. What's your price range?
My price range is $50 to $75 dollars for 2 people. I would also like something that is walking distance from my hotel.|The gardenia seems to match your criteria, it is the cheap price range and in the centre, as is your hotel. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation on Tuesday at 12:15? Table for 8.|Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked for you.
If Tuesday at 12:15 is not available, I would be willing to come earlier.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is YKX6V4O8. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need train information for Wednesday with an arrival by 16:15.|That won't be a problem, can you tell me where you're leaving from and traveling to?
It should depart from Cambridge, destination is Kings Lynn.|TR 9468 arrives at 15:58, do you need more information or a booking?
I need the travel time, departure time and the price per ticket please.|That train departs at 15:11. The total travel time is 47 minutes. The cost of the ticket is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
What moderately priced dining options are there in the centre of Cambridge?|There are a total of 21 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that are moderately priced. Any particular type of food?
I don't care, I'm up for anything.|The cow pizza kitchen and bar is a gastropub in the centre, would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, 1 person at 12:45 Thursday please.  I need reference number.|Your table has been booked successfully for Thursday at 12:45. The reference number is 7YPXO1U2. Can I help with with anything else today?
I also need a train to Cambridge from London kings cross. I need to be there by 09:30.|The last train to Cambridge from London Kings Cross leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 08:08. Shall I book 1 ticket?
Can I get the train ID and the price, please?|Sure the Train ID is TR4016 and the price is 23.60 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, thank you for your help.|OK, let me know if you need anything else.
I'm trying to figure out my eating options. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|There are 33 expensive restaurants to choose from in the centre. To narrow down results, what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about a place that serves canapes?|There are no expensive restaurants in the centre of town serving canapes
Aww, that's too bad. Do you have any that serve korean food?|Yes, little seoul is a great place for korean food.
Can you book a table for 7 people?|Yes I can, I need the day and time you'd like to go please.
How about Thursday at 19:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 718ZBFFA. Can I help you with anything else?
I now need a train|I need to get a little information from you to book a train. Where are you traveling to and from and for what day and time do you need to travel?
The train should depart from broxbourne and should go to cambridge.|On what day and time do you need to go there?
I would like to arrive at 16:15 please.|The earliest I can have you there is 06:32. The latest is 10:32, with several options in between. Any preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 10:32 is 16:15 is not available.|Train TR2145 will arrive at Cambridge by 10:32. How many tickets should I book for you?
I would like to book for 7 people please.|I would be happy to book a train for you. Which day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Sorry it looks like TR2145 is no longer available, I will substitute with TR5687 which arrives same time. Booking complete 125.29 GBP payable at the station, Reference number 8XYHVB3U.Anything else?
No thank you that is all I need|thank you that is all good bye
I want a train leaving from cambridge.|Okay. I have 566 trains leaving Cambridge. Can we narrow it down a little?
I need it to leave after 12:15 on Saturday.|We have over 100 results. Where is your destination?
My destination is leicester.|I would recommend TR2129 which leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06.
Awesome, book me one ticket please|Your reference number is V34K85R7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find an attraction while I'm there.|Certainly, there are many great attractions here. Do you have a preference for the type or location?
It should be in the centre of town. What type of attractions are available?|In the centre there is architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges, museums, nightclubs, theatres, parks, and pools.
You choose. Can you tell me the attraction type and phone number?|How about Club Salsa? It's a nightclub and their phone number is 07782218745.
Ok, sounds like a blast, thank you!|Anything else you need today?
No. That was all. Thanks. Bye.|thanks for using our services and have a good day
I'm coming in front out of town next week and am looking for some things to do.  Are there any historical colleges or universities to visit?|We have all sorts of lovely colleges to visit, did you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't have a particular preference. Kindly recommend one of those lovely colleges to me please|I would try clare hall located at herschel road postcode cb39al. The entrance fee is free.
Great! What is the phone number. Also I need a train departing cambridge going to london liverpool street. I'd like to leave around 12:15.|The phone number is 01223333200. What day would you like the train for?
I need it on Friday please|The first train leaving from cambridge to london liverpool street departs friday at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27.  Will that work for you?
is there no one that leaves earlier?|Do you want to leave  before or after 12:15? There are earlier trains if you want to leave before 12:15.
I can leave earlier, just not before 08:00|there is a train that leaves at 9:59 and arrives at 11:27. would that work for you?
Yes that is great. Could you give me the price per ticket?|The ticket price is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. That's all I need. Thanks for everything! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for train that go to Cambridge that leaves on Tuesday.|Sure. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Norwich and would like to leave after 12:15, please.|There are twelve possible trains leaving after 12:15. Should I book you on one of them?
I am sorry. I need the train to leave after 21:15 from Norwich. Are there any available?|TR7935 leaves at 21:16 and arrives by 22:35. Is that okay?
That sounds good, I will need 2 tickets please and a reference number.|You are booked for two tickets, Reference number is : RJOUA7E1.
I am also looking for places to go in town.|Cambridge has over 70 delightful attractions, what type appeals to you most?
I think I would like a nightclub in the centre of town please.|There are 5 different nightclubs in that area. Might I suggest Ballare. Would you like more info?
I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number.|The address of Ballare is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
That was everything I needed. Thank you very much for helping me.|You are welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:15 departing from cambridge.|Where are you heading to?
I need to go to stevenage on wednesday|The TR9016 leaves at 21:21.
That sounds good. I will need 4 tickets.|I was able to book that for you; the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Your confirmation number is 3JBQP8O4.
I am also looking for a particular hotel called the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|They are a 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, pricing is cheap, internet and parking are included.  Are you interest in staying there?
I'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on Sunday for 3 nights.|OK, I have that room booked for you, your reference number is going to be,  G3S8EY5N. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Thank you for your help.|It has been a pleasure to help you, thank you for using our service goodbye.
I need a hotel to stay in that has free parking.|Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Just a hotel with free parking, free wifi and a star of 0.|I do not have any place fitting that criteria. Perhaps some other perimater?
Can you see if you find one with a start of 4?|Sure thing, I have three options would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, one person two nights from Thursday.|Okay your all set! Reference number is UTI90SWFB. Anything else today?
What is the name of the hotel?|The hotel is huntingdon marriott hotel
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to peterborough on monday. I want to leave after 14:45|There is one that leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 for 16.50 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I need one ticket please.|Alright, your reference number for the train is CD9P0QQT.
Thank you, that is all I need.|Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a great day!
I need a train leaving from kings lynn.|Okay. What day will you be traveling and what is your destination please?
I will be traveling on Sunday and need to go to ely.|I'm sorry, but there are no trains that travel between Kings Lynn and Ely.
What if I left on Friday?  I need to book it for 7 people and I need the reference number please.|My apologies.  Our system only calculates trips either to or from Cambridge, so we are unable to make this reservation for you.
Can I book a train with the same requirements from Kings Lynn to Cambridge?|Sure.  Do you still want to leave on Friday?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|I'll be happy to book that for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time preference?
I need to arrive by 09:45.|There is only one train that day. TR9102 would you like me to book this?
Yes, for 7 people please. If I could have the reference number that would be great.|Success! I have booked you on this train and your reference number is 9M4R8Z4V.
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse located in the north with free parking.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything matching that.
Are there any 3-star guesthouses at all?|I have found one for you. The Hamilton Lodge is a 3-star guesthouse in the north with free parking.
Please give me their phone number, price range, and address|Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664, they're at 156 chesterton road, and they're moderately priced. Would you like to book a room? Or is there anything else I can help with?
that is it for today thank you|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, I believe so. Thank you. Good bye.|Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!
Hello.  Could you find a train leaving on Wednesday for me?  I need it to arrive by 19:00.|Certainly. Where are you going, and where would you like to depart from?
I will be leaving Cambridge to go to Bishops Stortford.|TR0449 is going to arrive by 18:07 would that work for you?
Sounds good. Could you find me a cheap eatery near there when we arrive?|Sure I'd be happy to find a restaurant. Are you looking for one in the centre area?
Maybe later. What time does my train leave and how much is the ticket?|It leaves at 17:29 and the cost of the ticket is 10.10 pounds.
How long is the travel time going to be?|It will be a 38 minute train ride
That will be all.  Thank you.|Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thanks! Have a great day!|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train departing from ely going to cambridge?|is there a day of the week you would like ?
Yes. I am looking for a train that's leaving on Wednesday after 19:30.|I have one leaving at 19:35 and arriving at 9:52 will this work for you?
This train sounds good, but wouldn't like to book yet. Can I get the train ID?|The number is TR032.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a place to stay|There are many great places to stay around town, what area did you have in mind?
I don't mind.|There are 33 options, so let's narrow it down.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for something expensive.|Okay. You have five options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, stars, or internet and parking preferences?
Nope. What's the address and price range for your favorite one? And do they offer internet?|I highly suggest The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield Road and is expensive.
I want to stay at a guesthouse with free parking, actually, if possible. Are there any that you can recommend for me, please?|Sorry there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range.  I do show there are 3 in the moderate price range. Would you like one of those?
Yes please, is there one in the North?|There are seven in the north area in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
I need any guesthouse in the north that includes free parking. Whatever one you reccomend will work just fine.|The Acorn Guest House offers everything you need. Their contact number is 01223353888. Do you need me to do the booking?
No, that is all i need, thank you.|Okay, if you think of anything else you need, then don't hesitate to give us a shout! But otherwise, goodbye and have a good trip!
I am looking on information regarding train tickets. Can you help?|Absolutely! Where will the departure and destination points be?
I will be departing from Cambridge and my destination is the Stansted airport.|There are many trains that fit your criteria. Could you please tell me what day and time you would like to depart?
I would like to leave Cambridge on Monday after 13:15|These trains leave from Cambridge 40 minutes after the hour every hour, starting at 13:40 and running to 23:40. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thank you. I will just need the train ID and travel time of the first one leaving after 13:15 going to the airport.|TR3769 departs at 13:40 with a total travel time of 28 minutes.  Do you need further assistance with anything else?
I also need a place to stay in the expensive range that includes free parking, in the south with a star of 3.|Sure, we have the lensfield hotel, it's a 3 star expensive hotel in the south with free parking. Would you like to book it?
I do not need to book the hotel yet.  Can you please give me the phone number and hotel type?  Also, do they have internet?|The phone number is 01223355017. It is a hotel type, and yes there is free internet. Anything else?
No, I seem to have all the information I need today.|Great.  If you need tickets, don't hesitate to contact me again.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a place, I think it's called the Arbury Guesthouse and Lodge. Can you help me?|You are correct. The Arbury Lodge is a great guesthouse located in the north part of town. They are moderately priced and rated 4 stars.
What is their address?|Their address is 82 arbury road. Would you like me to book this hotel?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can book it but will need to know for what day, the time of the booking and for how many guests.
Can you find a train for me as well?|Did you still need the hotel booking? If so, I will need to know the day of your arrival, length of stay and number of guests so that I can complete your request.
I also need a train.|I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Departing from Stevenage, going to Cambridge. Friday, want to leave after 12:45. I want the train ID, price, and travel time, please.|TR7785 leaves at 13:54, 49 minute travel time, for 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Nope, that's all I needed thanks|Have a great day.
I am staying in west cambridge.  Are there any parks out there to take my kids to?|There are no parks on the west side of town. Do you want me to search for a park in a different part of town?
No, can you look for a museum instead?|There are 7 different parks on the west side. I would recommend a free park called Kettle's Yard. Would you like more information on it or any other park?
Are there any museums on the west side of town? I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|There are 7 different museums in the west area. All are free addmission except one. Would you like me to make a suggestion?
Yes, please pick one for me, and let me know the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.|I would recommend People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College. They offer free entrance. Their postcode is cb3ojg. Their phone number is 01223338901.
Can you book it for me?|I'm sorry, we don't do bookings for attractions.
How about a train? I need to go from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive there by 08:45. I need departure time, train ID, and price. Thanks!|how about TR4194? it arrives at 05:52
Sounds great. I don't need to book it, but I would like the price.|The ticket price is 8.08 pounds. The departure time is 05:24. May I help you with something else?
No that is all the information I need today.|Your welcome. Have a great day.
That is all. Have a great day.|thank you and have a great day
say hi to your family.|I will thank you.  Goodbye.
I need to catch a train this tuesday after 17:00 please.|I can help with that! What is your departure site and destination please?
I will be travelling from Cambridge to Ely.|What time would you like to arrive by?
Arrival time isn't important as long as I'm on my way sometime after 17:00 on Tuesday.|i will recommend  TR3842. can we book for you?
what time does it leave?|That train leaves at 23:50
No but I need information on colleges in town.|Our colleges are located either in Centre or the West area of town. In which area would you like to concentrate? Or do you have a specific college already in mind?
no, just find me a college anywhere in town please and I'll need their phone number and post code when you find it please.|corpus christi	01223338000 and the postcode is	cb21rh
That's all I need today.|Please contact us anytime. Thank you.
Do you have any information on a restaurant called the Golden Wok?|Yes I do! It is located in the north and is at a moderate price range level. It serves chinese food.
Can you please book that for Friday at 13:15 for 3 people and give me the reference number?|It appears that time is unavailable at this restaurant. Would you like to book the restaurant at a different time, or possibly book at a different location?
How about 12:15 on Friday?|Booking was successful! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EL18B6UX.
Thanks. Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street now?|What day and time would you like to leave for London Liverpool Street?
I would like to leave after 17:15 on saturday.|The first train after 17:15 is TR8824 which leaves at 17:59. There are two later trains that day. Would you like to book one now?
Not just yet, could you provide me with the travel time for TR8824?|TR8824 is to arrive by 19:27, making the duration of the travel time total to 88 minutes.
Perfect, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you again!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant called J Restaurant.|J Restaurant is an Asian restaurant located in the city centre at 86 Regent Street. Would you like to me make a reservation for you?
Yes please, for 4 people at 17:45 on Saturday.|Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : CB27MMO8.
Thank you, I am also looking for a train, I need it to depart from Cambridge on sunday.|CAN YOU PLEASE BOOK THIS
Uh... you alright? I guess I can do it myself...|I'm sorry. I can book your train. Where would you like to go, and what time would you like to be there?
I'd like to leave after 09:30 on Sunday and go to kings lynn from cambridge.|There are 14 trains leaving every hour, with the first being at 10:11 and the last one of the day being at 23:11. Which would you like to book?
Let's go with the 10:11 train. I'd like to book for 4 people and will need a reference number, please.|I have booked the train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn for Sunday leaving at 10:11 and arriving by 10:58. Reference # 4LPYRWCU.
Alright, that's everything. Thank you for all of your help!|You are welcome.
Are there any trains arriving by 15:15 on Thursday?|I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel, and where is the destination?
I need to go to Broxbourne, I'll be leaving Cambridge.|Okay what day would you like to travel?
I said Thursday.|The TR0071 arrives at 14:01. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please book for 8 people. I need the reference number. Also, I want information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.|Your train is booked, ref #46PQOV6Y. Now, what would you like to know about Bangkok City?
yes how did you know? lol. Can I have their phone number please|Their number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
I am looking for a train leaving Peterborough on Thursday.  Can you help me?|many trains leave, what time do want to leave?
I need to depart after 20:00, and will be travelling to Cambridge.|Okay how about the TR8185 that leaves at 20:19 and arrives by 21:09.
Okay, that will do. What is the travel time?|The travel time for that route is 50 minutes. Did you need a ticket?
Yes, I also need places to go in college.|There are many colleges to visit in Cambridge. May I suggest one?
Yes, I would like that.|pembroke college is in the centre located at trumpington street with a free entrance fee.
That sounds perfect, may I have the postcode please?|Absolutely! The postcode is cb21rf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thanks for everything.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Good bye.
Can you help me find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking?|Every place but one in Cambridge has free wifi! Do you have a certain area in mind, or perhaps a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap please.|I would recommend the Allenbell. It's located in the east, is cheap, and has free internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No, thank you.  I just need the name for today.|Okay. Thank you!
Can you please help me find a train out of cambridge that arrives by 19:15?|Ok, I am happy to do so.  I will need the day and where you are going to.
I am going to Peterborough and leaving on Monday.|Okay! What time of day would you like to leave? The train ride is only 50 minutes long. The last train of the day departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56.
Thank you, please book me for 7 people, and I will need the reference number.|Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 87VJOBNO. The total fee is 115.5 GBP that you can pay at the station.
Can you find me a moderately-priced place to eat in the center of town?|Definitely. Do you have a food type preference?
Is should serve Basque food.|It looks like there aren't any basque places in the centre area of town.  Would you like me to search elsewhere?
how about modern european food then?|Yes, there is a modern european restaurant available on Monday. Should I book it for you?
Can you just give me the phone number and address?|Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street,cb21aw.  The phone number is 01223356666.
Great!  That's all I needed!  Thank you!|Okay, perfect. Have a great day.
I'll be sure to call you if I need anything else.|Okay great. Good bye.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge on a train. I want to leave form bishops stortford...can you help me with that?|Of course, there are many trains on that route. What day would you like to travel, and is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to travel on Saturday, arriving at 8:00.|I only have one train that will meet your needs. Train TR6163 will depart at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No need to book it for me. I can do that. But can you tell me the travel time in minutes?|36 MINUTES
I am also looking for a attraction called queens' college, can you get me information on that?|Sure the phone number is 01223335511. It is on silver street and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Great. And what is the postcode? And attraction type?|The postcode is cb39et and it is a college. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|You're welcome. I hope you have a great day! Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay, and what kind of information can I retrieve for you today?
I need to know if any trains are running to Broxbourne on Saturday that arrive by 10:30.|TR1997 leaves Cambridge at 09:01 on Saturday and arrives in broxbourne at 10:01. Will that work for you?
Great can you get me 8 tickets please?|I was able to book you. Your reference number is E7AJ44N7.
I also =nned to find a guesthouse to stay in that is 4 stars.|we have quite a few when were you planning your stay?
Do any of them have free wifi?|Yes there is internet.
Ok great, I need a room booked for 8 and for 5 nights starting on the Monday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, which place did you want to book a room at? There are 18 results and all have free wifi.
You can just pick one for me. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I need a room Monday for 5 nights and 8 people.|Okay, I've booked your room for 8 people starting on Monday at the A&B Guest House. Your reference number is C6M738RF. Anything else for you today?
No, that will be all. Thanks. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need a train departing from Cambridge.|Ok, where will you be going?
I will be going to London Liverpool Street on Sunday.|And what time would you like to leave after or arrive by on saturday?
I'm leaving on sunday, not saturday. Can you make sure that's correct? And I want to arrive by 21:00|I am so sorry about the mix-up in days. I have TR0189 arriving Sunday at london liverpool street at 17:27. Would this be acceptable?
thanks so much, thats all i needed|Well, I'm glad I could help. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
Do you have any museums there?|We have several?  A particular area you are looking for?
I'm not quite sure yet. What are the entrance fees for the museums?|Most are free, but the Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum is 3.50 pounds.
Can you find me a train that goes to the Cambridge Museum on Wednesday from Cambridge?|I'm sorry, I don't think the train goes within the city. Could I book you a taxi, instead?
actually, i need a train from cambridge to ely.|There multiple trains departing from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time of departure did you have in mind?
i want to leave after 8:15 on wednesday|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 9:50 arriving in Ely at 10:07. Would that work for you? Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes that would work. Please book the reservation. Could I please get the reference number?|i just want to confirm if i am booking one ticket
No I need to book seven tickets.|Perfect, the train is booked for 7 people. The total is 30.8 GBP and the reference number is H4BYPL6F. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. Have an amazing day. Goodbye!|Have a great day as well. Good bye.
Can I catch a train to Stevenage?|Yes, TR2515 departs on friday at 05:21 to stevenage, would you like me to book it?
Yes please when is the arrival time?|TR2515 arrives in Stevenage at 06:10, bright and early!
What's the total travel time for the TR2515 ?|The total travel time is 49 minutes.
Okay, thank you for the information!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a park in the south. Any available that you could give me the postcode, entrance fee's if any and the address please?|There are two parks that fit your description. Both are free. May I recommend Wandlebury country park located wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham? Postalcode is cb223ae.
Perfect, you've answered all my questions. Thank you!|Your welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks!|good day to you
I'm traveling to cambridge and I was hoping you could find me a train on tuesday that arrives by 13:30.|Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Stevenage|There is a train departing Stevenage on Tuesday that arrives in Cambridge by 12:43. Would you like me to book that for you?
When is the departure time?|It leaves at 11:54. Is there anything else?
Yes, Can you book that for me and send me a reference number?|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I need to find a French restaurant.|There are two. Restaurant Two Two and Cote. Would you like me to book either of those for you?
Please book Cote for me.|What day would you like to go and at what time? How many people will be in your party?
Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I want a french restaurant but it must be in the moderate price range. Do either of those options match?|They are both in the expensive price range. Would you like to find another?
Yes, search for asian oriental food instead then please.|How about Yippee Noodle bar, it's the only one that is moderately priced.
What's their address?|Yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre in the centre area. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am actually all set now. Thanks, and bye!|Have a great stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a train. The train should arrive by 21:30 and should go to bishops stortford.|What day will you be traveling?
I would like to travel on Monday.|There are 8 trains that match your search. Shall I choose one to book?
Yes, please choose the one closest to my arrival time.|I recommend the TR8244 which leaves at 19:29. How many seats do you want me to reserve for you and your party?
I actually only want the price, but can you make sure that the train is leaving from Cambridge.|Yes that leaves from Cambridge and there are many other times with an earlier departure time if you'd like. The price is 10.10 pounds.
That is perfect thank you very much for all of your help.  You have a wonderful day.|Thank you, goodbye!
I need a train going into Cambridge, arriving by 17:45.|Where are you departing from and what day are you travelling on?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.|And what time would you like to leave?
I would prefer to leave at 15:00.|The TR4651 train leaves Bishops Stortford at 15:29. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Does it arrive in Cambridge by 17:45.  That is the most important thing.|Yes, it does.
What is the price for the train ticket?|The price is 8.08 pounds.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to go in the centre of town. The type of attraction should be entertainment.|There are no entertainment areas in the centre, any other preferences?
Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Funky Fun House or Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east?
Are there any boat attractions?|I have the cmbridge punter boat located in the centre.
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number, address, and entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I don't have information on the entrance fee, but you can call them at 07807718591 to find out. The post code is cb41as
Okay thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a nice day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Cheers!
Hi, I could definitely use some help finding information on a particular hotel.|There are 33 hotels to choose from. What type of hotel do you prefer?
I am interested in the Gonville Hotel.|sure, what would you like to know?
I need the price range, area, and star of the hotel.|It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. It is a 3 star hotel.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yeah, I can definitely do that.  What day would you like the reservation for?
On second thought, I believe I'll wait on that reservation.|ok, is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes, I need a train leaving after 18:30|I have over 2800 entries under your specification. Would you like to  narrow it down?
leaving norwich going to cambridge on thursday|Okay! You can leave at 19:16, or on one of the 4 other other trains that depart every hour after. Which would you like?
That train will be fine. Can I please get the train ID, arrival time and travel time?|Sure, the train id is TR2493, the arrival time is 20:35 and the train ride is 79 minutes long. Do you need me to book you a ticket?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'd like to book a train ticket, please.|Where are your departure and destination sites?
I'm looking for a train that is leaving on Friday after 21:45.|There are 46 trains operating on Friday at that time. Can I get your destination to narrow down the results?
Yes. I would like to go to Leicester. What trains are available?|I have two trains going from cambridge to leicester. One leaving at 22:21 and one leaving at 23:21. Would you like to book one of these?
I will go with the earlier departure, and I would like 2 seats please. I will also need a reference number.|You're all set for your 22:21 train reference number 1F6TADIT
Great, I also need a place to go in the east part of town.|Are you looking for a particular type of attraction on the east end of town? Perhaps a museum?
Sure,a  museum sounds good, what do you have that's free?|Cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, saint barnabas press gallery and cherry hinton water play are all free.
Hmm, I guess the St Barnabas thing sound interesting. Is it expensive, though?|It is free
Great thank you that's all the help I need today.|Wonderful! I hope you have a wonderful rest of the day.
I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to bishops stortford.|There are 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford.  Do you have a specific day you wish to travel on?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, please.|TR4404 leaves at 05:29
That will do. Can you book it for me?|But of course, how many tickets?
Before I book, I'd also like to know about boat attractions in the centre area.|There are two options. Scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Would you like more information on either attraction?
Can I get the phone number and address for Cambridge Punter?|Yes. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road, and their phone number is 07807718591. Is there anything else you'd like to know? Or anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thanks for your help. Good bye.|You're welcome.  When you decide you are ready to book that train, do give us a call back with the number of tickets needed.  Bye for now.
What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street?|I have many trains that can get you to your destination. What day would you be traveling?
I need to leave on Friday.|I have not found any train that matches your info. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that leaves after 15:00 on Friday.|Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.|How about TR9756, it leaves at 15:40. How many tickets would you like
1 ticket please. I am also looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the centre.|Alright, your train ticket has been purchased and the reference number is 41YRXR8G. There are also 2 moderately priced Turkish restaurants in the centre of town, the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
Going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to Cambridge? Then, I want to book the Anatolia restaurant for Friday, also. Thank you.|The train trip is 163 minutes.  How many people will be in your party for the restaurant?
It would be 2 people.|What time will that be?
I'd like the table reserved for 19:00.|ok I have reserved a table for 2 at the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant for 19:00. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me the reference number?|Certainly, the number is KRE2S785. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that is all I need for now.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?|Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.|Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.|There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I want the train to leave after 16:30.|I can put you on the tr8665 with this train you will arrive at 17:58, how many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets, please.|Done! The total fare is 47.04 Pounds, payable at the station, and your reference number is 6CXB3CA2. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|welcome anytime you need to know about anything
I am going to cambridge for a one week holiday.  I need to take a train from Leicester on Sunday.|I have several trains to bring you to Cambridge, the first one leaving Leicester at 5:09. Would that work for you?
Is there a train leaving after 15:30 on Sunday?|no but we have one leaving at 16.09
That'll do. I need 8 tickets.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is KZ0FFG5R.
Thanks! i'm also looking for something to do in town, in the south.|What kind of attraction are you interested in ?
A college please.|There are no colleges in the south to visit. How about a museum instead? Byard Art is fantastic! Would you like some more information on it?
Wow, thanks. I might check them out later but the people I'm with think we should have a picnic in the park. Are there any in the south?|Yes, there are two. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Do you have a preference?
Lammas Land Park sounds like fun. Can you give me the post code, phone number and entrance fee please?|Sure the post code is cb22ad,phone number 01223302580,and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks a lot for the service.|Is there anything else I may help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'd like information on trains departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.|We have trains departing for Kings Cross every 2 hours.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Sunday and arrive by 14:30.|TR7447 leaves at 13:00and costs 18.88 pounds. can we book?
Ok.  Thanks.  That's what I wanted.|Does this mean you would like me to book the train for you?
Yes, Can you please?|Here is the reference number VHNBPCYY
thanks so much for all of your help|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need to find an expensive Mediterranean restaurant.|There are 2 expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the centre. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
Yes whatever one you recommend. I'll need seating for 7 people at 11:00 on Sunday please.|I would highly recommend the La Mimosa, I have you booked for Sunday at 11. The reference number is MZ1VEJL0.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food to dine at? Thanks.|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Which area of town do you prefer?
In the North, if possible.|The Hotpot and Hakka are both in the North.  Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of Hakka?|Yes the information for Hakka, 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire, +44 1223 568988.  Would you like me to go ahead and book your table and for what time?
Not quite yet.  But can you help me find a train fro Friday, arriving by 21:15?|There are several trains that day. Could you tell me where you are departing from and arriving to, as well as a time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave from Cambridge and with my destination being London Liverpool Street.  Thank you for your help with this.|TR5212 will arrive at London Liverpool Street at 19:27. It leaves Cambridge at 17:59, and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like a ticket?
I need 8 tickets, please. And could I get the reference number after you book them? Thanks.|I have booked your 8 seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : WOEHJGD9.
Thank you, that will be all I need today.|Glad I could help, have a great trip!
am looking for a train it should leave on sunday and should depart from bishops stortford|Thank you. Where is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|What time are you looking to depart/arrive?
I want to depart after 18:30.|TR0053 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Do you want me to book this train? I will need your details, please.
Yes, I need 1 ticket and can you please give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6W3KFY5N.
Thanks ever so much! You've been very helpful.|You are very welcome! Have a nice trip.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant. It should be in the expensive price range, please.|There are expensive Chinese restaurants in every part of town, do you have a preference of area?
Yes in the south.|Ok, there are two. I recommend the peking restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please, could you book a table for 5 at 19:30 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : WO2Z8QS7.
Thank you. I believe that's all I need for today. Thanks. Take care. Bye.|OK, before I let you go, I just want to make sure that you do not need info on a place to stay, train or attraction?
I'm looking for a train going to cambridge please.|the train id is TR5219 and it leaves london kings on friday
Does that depart from broxbourne station?|Sorry. I need to narrow down the 133 trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge. First, what day do you want to leave?
I want to leave on sunday|Is there a certain time of day you would like to travel?
I would prefer to leave after 13:45 please|Alright, I have train TR4813 that leaves Sunday at 14:32 from Broxbourne. Will this work better for you?
Yes as long as it is going to cambridge that sounds fine.  I'll need the price also please.|The price is 14.32 pounds per person.
Thank you, I will buy a ticket for 14.32 pounds for train TR4813 leaving Sunday at 14:32.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station.
Your reference number is 4YAT8PVP.
Thank you so much, have a wonderful day.|thanks for inquiring with us. have a nice day
I will do so... and you too.|I'm glad I could help you. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that should depart norwich and leave on Friday.|I would be happy to help you find a train.  Can you please confirm the destination for your travels?
Sure, I'd like to leave for cambridge after 19:00.|TR9589 leaves at 19:16
That's perfect.  Can I have the train ID, price, and travel time please?|The train ID is TR9589, price is 17.60 pounds, and travel time is 79 minutes. Shall I book it for you?
No that's okay. I am looking for a place to stay though, somewhere in the centre and with free parking preferably.|There are 2 hotels and 2 guest houses in the centre which do you prefer?
The one with 1 star, please.|Unfortunately, none of them are 1 star rated. I have one that is 0 stars, a 3 star one, and two 4 star ones.
Are there any 0 star accomidations?|The El Shaddai has 0 stars.
Is that a hotel or guesthouse?  If a guesthouse I'd like to book for 2 people for 1 night on Friday.  Thank you.|Yes, it is a guesthouse. May I go ahead and book that for you?
Yes book it for me please.|Booking system seems to be down at the moment. Should I try some place else, or would you like to try back in a little while?
No, I actually wasn't ready to book anyway.  Thanks so much for your help.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|I apologize for the inconvenience. Please check back in a few to book. Have a good day.
I would like to find places to go to in the centre of town.|Sure, what type of place are you interested in?
What would you recommend? I just need to stay in the centre and will need to call them later to ask some questions.|There are about 44 attraction in the center but if i may know what interests you i can recommend one to you.
Whatever is most popular, this is my first time to cambridge and I have no idea.|There is a great concert hall in the centre called Man on the Moon. It's one of the best for visitors. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Thank you for the information.  Do you happen to have the postcode and phone number for the Man on the Moon?|Their postcode is cb12lf and their phone is 01223474144. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Wednesday. Can you help with that?|There are many options available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after 21:45, if possible. I won't need to book. I'll just need the arrival time, please?|Sure, the TR8574 leaves at 22:06 and arrives at 22:56.
thanks for serving me!|YEah, anytime. It was my pleasure.
thank you once again|I'm sorry about that, I forgot to hang up. Good bye.
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. I am looking for an attraction that has sports and located in the Centre, can you help me find it?|It doesn't look like such a place exists. Would you like me to look outside of the city centre?
No I would like to go somewhere in the centre. Is there a theatre of any type?|There are 4 theatres in the center - adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, may I please have the address, postcode, and phone number for the ADC Theatre?|The ADC Theatre is in postcode cb58as and is located on Park Street. The phone number is 0122300085.
Great, thanks. I also need to book a train going to cambridge, and I will be departing from broxbourne.|What is your departure day and time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 19:00.|Ok, there are 13 different options, if you give me a departure time, we can narrow it down from there.
I have no set departure time as long as my arrival time is before or at 19:00.|TR1828 will get you in at 18:32.  You leave at 17:32.  May I book that for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, thanks. All I need is the ticket price.|The price of TR1828 from Broxbourne to Cambridge is 17.90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you!|Okay. Do not hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
Alright. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our site and let us know if you need anything else in the future.
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday.|I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
I am looking for information and would appreciate the help.  Can you help with a train?|I can give you all kinds of information as well as book a ticket.  Where are you going and when?
I want to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.|Where will you leave from?
I will be leaving from ely.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 08:45|How many tickets please
I would need 2 tickets.|Train TR9741 arrives at 07:52 and I have booked you for 2,here is your information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U44P6DQP.
Can you also look up the hotel Carolina Bed and breakfast?|Sure thing, what kind of information do you need?
I want you to book it for 5 nights, starting wednesday. 2 people.|Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is 2VD26230. Anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye!|Have a great stay in town.  Goodbye.
Please find me a train that leaves on Monday after 08:45|Where are you going or coming from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and heading to Ely.|Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 08:45|The TR8399 leaves from Cambridge on  Monday at 09:50. Shall I book that for you?
yes, for 2 people. Please give me the reference number.|You have 2 seats reserved, and you'll pay 8.8 GBP at the station. Your reference number is 90RLYZKX. Can I help you with anything else?
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants in the centre. Do you have a certain type of food you'd prefer?
I don't have a food preference.|Would you like British food?
Sure, that works for me. I need the phone number, postcode, and address for the restaurant.|Cotto is a great british restaurant located on 183 East Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb11bg and phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything else you need?
Oh that's great. That would be all, thank you.|Thank you for using our service today.
I need to get to cambridge after 19:30|There are more than 300 trains that arrive in cambridge after 19:30.  What day were you looking to travel and from where?
I'd be leaving from London Liverpool Street on Saturday.|Yes I have a train leaving from Liverpool Street that will arrive in Cambridge at 19:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
How long is the travel time, and what is the price for that train please?|Sure, the travel time is 88 minutes, and the price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book it, if so how many riders will there be?
No that's OK, I'll book it later if I need to. Can you tell me anything about a lodging place named "A and B" something?|Sure. It's called a and b guesthouse, found on 124 tension road and is in the moderate price range.
I'd like to go ahead and book that for 1 person, 4 nights starting on Saturday night. I will need the reference number once it's made.|You have been successfully booked and the reference number is L1M02MWF.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, indeed. That will be all. Thank you.|You are welcome. Have a very nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives by 17:45.|Where will you be going?
Going to london liverpool street from cambridge. I need to arrive by 17:45.|What do and time and do want to leave?
I would like to arrive by 17:45|TR5154 LEAVES AT 05: 59 SHOULD I BOOK IT FOR YOU?
How long is the trip on the TR5154?|Each train on that route makes the run in 88 minutes.
Excellent. I need to a nightclub in the centre as well.|Sure, there's club salsa in the centre, their phone number is 07782218745 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Great. Thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.|Great! Should you need anything else, please let us know.
Please book me a train from Cambridge on Monday|Could you please provide me with your destination site and your departure time and arrival?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and need to leave Cambridge after 14:45.|There are 5 trains available leaving at 15:59, 17:59, 19:59, 21:59, and 23:59. They all take 88 minutes and cost 16.60 pounds.
Can you give me the arrival time of the 15:59?|Yes, the arrival time is 17:27.
Could you also provide me with a concerthall in the south?|Unfortunately there aren't any concerthalls in the south. Is there anything else you would like?
What about a nightclub?|'The Place' is a nightclub in the south, located  at 22 Sidney Street. The phone number is 01223324600. Would you like to book the 15:59 train?
I need a train from peterborough going to cambridge. Can you help me?|The next train departs Peterborough on Friday at 05:19 and scheduled to arrive in Cambridge by 06:09. Do you want a different departure time?
I'd like to leave after 11:45 on Thursday, please.|There's a train scheduled on Thursday from Peterborough to Cambridge, leaving at 11:19 and arriving at 12:09. Will this work for you?
With our schedule, we can only go on a train that leaves after 11:45. Is there one leaving later?|There is a train that leaves at 12:19 will that work?
That sounds great.  Can you please book 7 tickets on that one?|Booking was successful. Reference number is 3854SJZ8. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. Yes, I do need a place to dine. I would like an expensive restaurant in the north.|Do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
Any type is fine. I'd also like the phone number of the restaurant.|I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is a French restaurant in the north. The telephone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book a reservation?
What type of food is it?|As mentioned before they are French.
Thank you. I missed that before. Screaming kids, you know.|Yes, I can hear them. How else can I help you today?
Thank you so much for your help.|Happy to help, goodbye..
I need some help finding a train to Cambridge.|I'd be happy to help. Can you tell me more about your trip? Where will you be departing from, and on what day would you like to travel?
Departing from peterborough on friday. I should arrive by 10:00|And what time would you prefer to leave?
I would like to arrive by 10:00|There are 8 entries that match that. Is there any time that you want to leave?
Doesn't matter.  Just pick one.|The TR1662 leaves Peterborough at 05:19, arrives Cambridge 06:09. Care to book a ticket?
Yes. Actually, I would like to book 8 tickets for that train, please.|Ok, the train was successfully booked. The total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: AYILO5E4
I am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves korean food.|There are no establishments that fit your specifications, unfortunately. Would you like to search for a different type of cuisine, or a different price range?
Why don't you try vietnamese food.|There is one vietnamese restauarant in the area, would you like me to book that?
Yes, please book it. I would also like the address.|The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. How many people people and for what day and time?
I just needed that info. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thats all i wanted thank you|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern American food.|I was unable to find any restaurants matching that.
Then what about modern European?|I have 4 modern european restaurants in the centre. Do you have a preference on price range?
No, just pick a popular one for me and book it for 1 person on Tuesday please.|I  book you a table at riverside brasserie, I will send you the reference number.
Okay what is it?|I need to know the reservation time before I can book a table for you.
I would like the time to be at 14:00, if you cant get that time 13:00 will do. Can I have a reference number? I also need a train.|Your table has been booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 14:00. Your reference number is M81RFLPZ.
Thank you. I need a train on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 10:15.|There are several trains arriving in Cambridge before 10:15. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving from London Kings Cross.|I can help you with that but first how many tickets will you be needing?
One ticket is all I need. Thank you.|I booked a train leaving at 5:17. Your reference number is LG54YRTF.
Thank you for your help. That's everything I need for now. Goodbye.|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?|I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?|It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?|What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.|The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?|They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.|TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Is there a train that leaves after 08:15 on wednesday?|What is your destination station?
I'm going from Leicester to Cambridge.|TR1672 departs at 09:09 and arrives by 10:54. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book it.|Will I be booking just one seat or do you require multiple seats on the train?
Just 1 seat. I'll need the price.|It costs 37.80 pounds. If that's acceptable to you, I'll go ahead and book it for you.
No, that won't be necessary. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|sure, do you know what you're looking for?
free parking and very expensive money is no object located in the north|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and in the North. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Yes, I'll need a room for 7 people for 3 nights on the same day.|Your hotel booking was successful. Your reference number for your 3 night stay for 7 people is QF2DZGMA.
Great, thanks! I don't need anything else. Take care. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye
Saturday train from Norwich please.|The train from Norwich to Cambridge is about 45 minutes.  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Yes please. I would like to arrive by 14:00.|The best response I have to that is a train arriving at 13:35. Would you like me to book that option for you?
Yes, for 7 people please.|You have been successfully booked for 7 people on Train TR2334, Reference number 01MDBEIB. It departs Norwich at 12:16. Your total cost is 98.56 and is payable at the station.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel with a star of 4 of course that will include free parking.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Before you book, the hotel has to be in the north, also. Do you have a hotel meeting my needs?|The Cambridge Belfry is perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book that for the same group of people for 4 nights the same day. Wednesday would work also, and I need the reference number.|Unfortunately, I can't book either days for you.
Is there any other hotels that would work in that area that are 4 star?|I don't have any hotels in that area that are 4 star. I do have several guesthouses. Would that work for you?
No, I would really like a 4-star hotel in the north area with free parking. Can you please check again?|Sorry, there are only guesthouses.
I guess we will take a guesthouse then.  Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the acorn guest out. Shall I book that then.
Yes for 4 nights same group of people as the restaurant reservation and also on the same day please.|Great, I have booked you for acorn guest house. Your reference number is O2JPQNG5.
Thank you very much.  That's all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay
I was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the south.|There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like to try a Chinese cuisine?
Sure, I like Chinese.|The good luck chinese food takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I'll need a table for 7 on Monday please.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. I'll write it down.|Okay, and when would you like the reservation to be?
For Friday for 2 people thank you !|What time would you like to dine on Friday?
Oh, around 17:15. But, I meant to say on Monday, not Friday and for 7 people not 2. Thanks!|Ok, I was able to make a booking for 7 people at 17:15. Your reference number is : J2YDX084. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also in a need of a train|between which areas will you be commuting?
I'll need the train to come to Cambridge, please, so that I can make it to the restaurant that you've booked for me.|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. The same group from the restaurant will be traveling.|In order to book a train I need departure location, destination, travel time, day of week and number of people.
I will be departing from Leicester and would like to arrive by 11:45.|TR7151 has been booked! Your reference number is Q34HN7VC.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed.|I hope you have a great stay in Cambridge!
food type, book a hotel, buy a train ticket ...|i'm sorry could you clarify what it is you're looking for?
I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on saturday.|I need to know where you are going and when.
Norwich and i need to leave after 16:30|TR6880 would fit your needs weel
Thanks. I can look for that one later when I book. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the Shiraz.|Great, I found the Mediterranean restaurant called Shiraz. Their telephone number is 01223307581.
Thank you that is all I need for now.|Thank you for using our system today
I'm looking for a train leaving on sunday going to cambridge.|where are you departing from?
I want to depart from London Liverpool Street after 15:00.|There is a train leaving on that date from london liverpool to cambridge at 15:39, arrive at 17:07 with a price of 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book?
No, I will book it myself later. Thanks, that's all I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Thanks calling in today.  Goodbye.
Can I please get information for a train going from cambridge to broxbourne?|What day will you be traveling?
I want to travel on Friday, please.|What time would you like to leave?
Can you give me the train ID and price of the first train that departs after 19:45?|Yes, it will cost 17.90 pounds and the ID is TR3342. Anything else?
no, that's it for today|If you need reservations or information in the future, we will be happy to assist you.
Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.|My pleasure.  Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! Can I help you with transportation, lodging or attractions while here?
I am looking for an attraction called cambridge university botanic gardens.|That is located in the centre. The address is bateman street. Can I give you any other information?
Can I have their postcode and phone please? Also I need a train out of cambridge on tuesday.|Okay the post code is cb21jf and phone number is 01223336265.
I need a train that leaves on Tuesday after 9:30 and arrives in London Liverpool street.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I don't need to arrive at a specific time, as long as the train leaves after 9:30.|The TR4494 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Great can I get 6 tickets for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PAR7KYOS.
Great, thanks, that's everything I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train from cambridge to the stansted airport.|I can help with that! What day will you be travelling?
Saturday after 20:00. how much will this cost?|The cost of the trip from Cambridge to Stansted airport will cost 10.10 pounds for 1 person.
And what is the travel time please?|The trip lasts 28 minutes.
Okay thank you! that is all!|You're welcome! Have fun!
Thank you, bye|Goodbye, and thanks for contacting our service
Are there any guesthouses in the east?|There are six guesthouses in the east. Do you have a preference on price?
It needs to be cheap.|I have 3 options for you. All of them are 4 star rated and all offer free parking and free internet. Might I suggest the Leverton House.
Can I have the address for Leverton House?|that address is 732-734 newmarket road. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Do they have internet and free parking?|Yes they have internet and free parking.
That will work can you book that for me?|Sure, what day will you be arriving?
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called the La Margherita|I have found the one you are looking for, the address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223315232.
Okay, great! Please book me a table for 6 at 14:45 on Sunday. Please provide the reference number as well.|I'm sorry, there are no spots available on that day and time. Is there another time or day you would like perhaps?
Well I'm also looking for a train.  Can you coordinate a time with a departure from cambride on sunday?|Sure, where would you like to go?
I would like to depart from Cambridge this Sunday and arrive at London Liverpool Street by 12:15|The TR0995 arrives in London at Liverpool Street at 11:27 on Sunday. How does that sound?
Thank you for the information that's all I need today.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the north part of town.|There are several options with your criteria.
The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the expensive price range.|There are no guesthouses with those criteria. Would you like to look in a different part of town?
i didn't mention a specific part of town.|I am sorry but there are no accommodations that meet your criteria.  Would you be willing to try a top rated but less expensive hotel?
Ok, how about one in the cheap price range in the north with free parking?|How about the Worth House, it fits those requests and has a 4 star rating.
Sounds good. I'll need rooms for 3 people, for 2 nights.|Okay, what day would you like your stay to begin?
We're arriving on Thursday.|I apologize, i was unable to complete your booking. Is there another day for arrival, or possibly a shorter stay?
Are there any other cheap guesthouses in the north with free parking? My schedule is inflexible I'm afraid.|There is, but booking was unsuccessful at the city centre north b and b as well.
Is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on Thursday for 2 nights?  I still need free parking.|I am sorry your booking is still unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Are there any guest house available for my requested days?|Sorry, I tried to book a stay for 2 guests earlier. You're staying at the City Centre North B and B, reference number 28UEK6JH!
Great! Now I need a train to go to birmingham new street after 10:15 on Saturday.|There is a train to birmingham new street that leaves at 11:01 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, can you please just give me the time, price, and train ID number?|TR5669 is the one that leaves at 11:01.  The tickets are 60.08 pounds each and the trip is 163 minutes.  Anything else?
Sure, you can book that train now -- just for me, please.|Great it's been booked the reference number is DR5MNOOS
Okay great that is all I needed.|Thank you for calling!
I'd like a train leaving Cambridge after 09:30, please.|Can you tell me where you are looking to go to?
i am going to norwich on tuesday|I have one that leaves cambridge at 9:36 and arrives in norwich at 10:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, no I will book it later but can I please get the price of the ticket and the travel time?|The price for one ticket is 17.6 GBP which is payable at the station and it's a 79 minute ride.
Fantastic.  Where could I stay that has 0 stars?|Cityroomz has 0 star rating, would you like to stay there?
Is it in the moderate price range ? And in centre of town .|Yes this hotel fits both those criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary, I will just need their address and phone number please.|Sure, their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.|It's been a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a hotel or guest house in Cambridge please.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I need a cheap hotel in the North side that has free parking and internet if available but not necessary.|I have no listings,can i check in another area?
What about one with free wifi?|Actually, since you said you did not mind a guesthouse earlier, I have something.  Worth House fits your criteria.
Great.  Can I book that for three nights starting Monday for three people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KPZGSMAA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. That is all that I need today. Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I was wondering if you could help me with the train schedule.|Of course. Where would you like to travel?
I need to travel from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Monday.|I can help you with that.  Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
Yes no later than 5:15 I have to be there by 20:20.|The earliest I have is 05:24. Will that work?
I am sorry I meant to leave after 15:15 so that will be fine.|I have TR1188 leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Absolutely! How many tickets do you need?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need the tickets right now. Can you find me a moderately priced 4 star hotel, though?|We have 4 star hotels in the cheap and expensive price range, could I interest you in one of those?
Please book me a room for 4 the same day at a cheap  one you recommend. Thanks|Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
No, as long as the hotel itself is a 4 star establishment I'm not too concerned about where it's located.|How many nights would you like to stay?
4 nights please starting on monday.|OK, I've booked 4 people at The Cambridge Belfry for 4 nights starting Monday, the reference number is WZ83NOII. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thanks.|Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and need lodging.  We're looking for a guesthouse which has all amenities etc.  Price is no problem.|I can help you find a nice place to stay.  First, did you have a particular area of town you were interested in?
I would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive guesthouse if one is available.|There are no expensively priced guesthouses in that area, but there are 2 moderately priced ones and 3 cheap ones. Would one of those suit you?
Can you suggest one of the cheap ones?|I can recommend autumn house at 710 Newmarket Rd. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. For one person for 5 nights starting from thursday.|Booked! Reference number: WQL1WG7F.
Thank you! I also need a train that arrives by 08:45|Sure! Where will you be departing from? Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I'd like to leave from Stevenage and go to Cambridge, it should arrive by 8:45 on the same day as my hotel booking.|I have train TR1044 leaving stevenage at 7:54 and arriving in cambridge 8:43. Would you like me to book that?
No, I'm not sure I need the train yet. Thanks for the info!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your time!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks.  I will definitely use your service again.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling.  Good bye.
I need to find a train that leaves Cambridge and that should arrive by 3:00 PM. Can  you help?|Where is the destination, please?
The destination is Peterborough. I'll be going there on Tuesday.|TR7727 will arrive at 14:56. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Not right now.  I am just getting information together.  Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for an entertainment place to go in town. I'd like it to be in the centre if there happen to be any.|What type of attraction would you like?
I'd like some entertainment.|No entertainment attractions in the center unfortunately. I usually recommend the funky fun house on the east side of town
What about a college?|There are lots of wonderful colleges in the centre. There's Trinity College of course, but others such as Saint Catharine's College are also nice. Do you want to know more?
I am interested in visiting Saint Catharine's College. May I have the postcode, please.|The post code is cb21r1.
Thank you for the information.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for colleges to visit in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the centre.  King's College and Saint Catharine's College are on the same street and both have free admission.
Can you provide the phone number and post code to the attraction?|King's College is cb21st and their number is 01223331100. Saint Catharine's is cb21rl and their number is 01223338300.
What is the entrance fee?|Both are free. Is there anything else you'd like help with?
Yes, actually. I could use some help finding a train to take me from Cambridge heading to Bishops Stortford.|What day and departure time do you prefer?
I want to leave on Saturday at any time after 21:15.|How many ticket will you need?
I would just like to know the travel time of one or more of the trains.|They are both 38 minute trips
Thanks. That's all the information I needed today. I appreciate your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Good bye!
i'm looking for a train to cambridge|I'd love to help! Which day were you wanting to leave?
I'm leaving on Sunday|What station do you want to leave from?
I need a train from broxbourne.|I have many trains on that day. Do you have a preferred time for leaving or arriving?
Yes, I'd like to leave for cambridge after 13:30 on sunday.|TR4813 leaves at 14:32 and arrive an hour later. How does that sound?
That sounds great. I'll need 7 tickets.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 100.24 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is ALFLIJMY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, can to tell me about colleges in the centre of town?|There are 13 colleges located in the centre. Are you looking for somewhere with free entrance or is somewhere with a fee okay too?
it doesn't matter. could you provide the postcode, phone number, and address for one that you suggest?|Sure! I suggest Downing College. I is located on Regent Street in the postcode CB21DQ. Their phone number is 01223334860.
That should be it for today thanks!|You're welcome. Goodbye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|OK, and how can I help you?
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge.|Any particular location or price range?
Yes I would like to stay in an expensive hotel in the city center.|University Arms is available.
What's their address and star rating? And do they have free parking?|University Arms Hotel Star rating is 4. Should i go ahead and book that for you?
no, thanks. does it have free parking and what's the address|They do have parking. They are on Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train for 6 people departing at Cambridge and arriving at Stevenage at 10:30.|What day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on a Monday please.|Let me find one for you.
Excellent, thanks.|I found you the TR8290 that leaves at 09:21 on monday arriving at 10:10. Would you like to book this one?
I need it to arrive at 10:30 actually.|That is the closest train we have to 10:30
arriving at 10:10 is fine.can i get six tickets?|Your train is booked.  Total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number: L9XGQW87
Great, thank you! I won't be needing anything else! Bye!|Have a wonderful time in town. I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
I will need to take a train to london kings cross on friday.|Where are you departing from and when?
I'm departing from Cambridge, preferably after 20:45|There are two trains that fit your criteria. One leaves at 21:00 and the other at 23:00. Which of these would you like me to book for you?
i prefer the 21:00 please help me get the train ID and price|The train ID is TR3055 and each ticket is 23.60 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for a place in town in the centre.|Sure. What kind of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for an entertainment place.|What side of town would you like to be on?
centre and should be in the type of entertainment closeby as well|Sure, there are plenty of options.  Were you looking for a specific type of attraction?
Entertainment venues please. If they are not available then architecture venues.|There are several architecture places to visit, Holy Trinity Church is located on Market Street and has free entrance. Would you like info on any others?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their post code and phone number?|holy trinity church and the post code is cb23nz and the phone number is 01223355397.
Thank you for all your help. You have answered all my questions today. Goodbye.|Good night, have a nice evening.
I need a place to eat that serves north indian food.|I'm not finding any north indian restaurants, may I expand the search to include all indian food?
No thank you. Can you please search for Japanese food instead?|We have one Japanese restaurant listed.  It is called Wagamama and is in the city Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
i wish to book a table for  5 people at 16:15 on teusday|The booking was successful. Your reference number is V5WEDA1V and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need to find a train going to cambridge for the same day.|I have all of tuesday's options available, where will you be coming from?
I need a train from Cambridge by no later then 10:45 for five people please. May I have the confirmation number for that please?|I booked a train that leaves at 10:08. The reference number is S5D8VQIU.
Great, thank you so much for your help. Goodbye!|Glad I could help. Goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap room in a guest house.|The allenbell fits that criteria. Would you like some more info?
Not right now, I also need a train going to Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday and leave after 19:15|To or from Cambridge/Norwich?
I'm departing from Cambridge heading to Norwich. I'll need it booked for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : H829GED4. what else can i do for you?
am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet|are you looking for something other than the allenbell we discussed earlier?
Could you look up a hotel based on what I ask? North area, 4 stars...please.|There are no places available in that area. Is there a different area that you would prefer?
Are there any that has free wifi?|Yes. The Worth House meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need it for 3 people, 3 nights, and we will be arriving on Sunday.|Alright, I have booked the worth house for 3 people for 3 nights starting sunday, your reference number is HVD2IBXM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok great, that is all that I need.|Do you need me to book any sort of travel?
No , thanks for the help!|alright, call me if you need anything.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|How great! I'm sure you'll love it here. Is there something specific I can find for you?
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from stansted airport on Sunday|Okay, the TR9445 leaves at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. I'll need tickets for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 38E1SSYP.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves Thai food.|Im sorry there are no restaurants like that. Would you like to search for something else?
No moderately-priced Thai places in the east, huh?|There are not - would you like to adjust the type of restaurant or the price range?
Let's try Indian food.|Do you have a preference - I come up with 2.   Curry Prince, or Rajmahal.  I recommend Curry Prince.  Is this okay?
Curry prince is good. book it for the same group of people please|Okay. I'll need to know the day and time you'd like to dine.
On Sunday at 20:45 please.|You are all set for Curry Prince. Your reference number is 7FLIG346.
Ok, great, that's all I needed! Thanks!|Great. You have a wonderful day and feel free to message me if you need any more assistance.
Hi, I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after 18:15.|Certainly! What are your departure and destination locations?
It should leave from Cambridge and go to Leicester please.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I do not have an arrival time.|The TR0776 leaves Cambridge at 18:21 and gets into Leicester at 20:06. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I would like to book it for 6 people please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is:  17I15NSK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 4 stars, free wifi, in the east location.|We have 6 different guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
No it doesn't matter.|carolina bed and breakfast	has free wifi and parking if you want to book there.
I would like to book a meal at a chinese restaurant.|I have results for 17 chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would like it be located in the Centre area.  I like expensive chinese food.|I have 4 different restaurants. If you would like a recommendation, The Ugly Duckling is often known as the best in town.
Yes you can you book it for 6 people at 12:45 on Friday?|Excellent. Do you want the reference number?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a train.|Where will you be going to and from?
I am going to broxbourne and need to leave cambridge so I arrive by 15:00.|Okay.  Can you also tell me what day you want to travel?
Yes, I would like to travel on Saturday.|I have train TR4334 that departs at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Do you think that would work for you?
That will work. Can I get the price and the travel time please?|The travel time will be 60 minutes and the price will be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information!  I don't need anything else.|Great. enjoy your journey.
I need a train to Cambridge.|Sure, where will you be boarding and what day would you like to leave?
I will board at King's Lynn, before 13:30 on Tuesday.|I have 8 routes which will arrive in Cambridge by 13:30. They leave hourly on the :11 from 05:11 to 12:11, lasting 47 minutes. Would you like to book?
I would like the train that arrives closest to 13:30 please.  I will also need the departure time.|TR8699 departs Tuesday at 12:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:58.  Would you like to book it?
No, I am not sure I am traveling just yet.  Thanks for the information, I am all set for now.  Have a nice day.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  Goodbye.|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Can you help me find a train headed to Cambridge on Sunday?|I sure can.  Where will you be boarding?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street, and my train needs to leave after 12:30.|I have a few options, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave london liverpool street after 12:30.|I would recommend train TR6578
That's great can you book it for 8 people?|Absolutely your reference number is Z6QD1AXD
Awesome. I also need a Hungarian restaurant in the centre, please.|I don't have any Hungarian restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Sure. What about modern European?|Would you like a specific price range?
No, I'm not really particular about the price. Any modern european restaurant would be great.|I would recommend Riverside Brasserie.  It's a moderately priced modern european restaurant located in the centre.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please, same group of eight, Sunday, 16:45.|Your table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is UQM6L628. Can I help you with anything else today/
No thanks. That will be everything. Goodbye.|Alright. Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for a hotel called warkworth house|Warkworth house is located at warkworth terrace cb11ee.
Do they have free internet?|Yes, they have free internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
No thanks. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains leaving cambridge on saturday.  Can you tell me your destination and what time you would like to leave.
I am going to London Liverpool Street, I would like to arrive by 17:00.|Okay! How about the train that leaves at 13:59?
That train would be just fine. I need the train ID, price and depart time.|The train ID is TR2895 and the departure time is 05:59. Would you like me to book the ticket?
No, I'll just need the price, please?|Sure, the cost of the ticket is 13.28 pounds per person. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for someplace to go in the west.|Might I recommend the Whale of a Time entertainment venue?
Sure. May I have the phone number please?|Of course, it is 01954781018. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can I get a train departing ely and leaving on wednesday?|There are 10 trains that leave Ely on Wednesday, what is your destination?
Cambridge. Should leave after 15:00|There are 5 trains leaving after 15:00. The times are 15:35, 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35. Which would you like?
The 15:35 will be fine. Please book that for four people.|Okay, I have four tickets booked on the 15:35 train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday.  Total is 17.6 GBP, reference number UKD02OC6. Anything else I may help with?
I have everything. Thanks|Glad to have been of service. Thank you and have a good day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the west.|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Could you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for museums in the center of town, not a restaurant. Can you tell me about your favorite one?|I have the broughton house gallery located at 98 king street with free entrance fee.
what's the address?|The address is 98 king street. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train going from Cambridge to Stevenage on Tuesday.|Ok we have 10 trains that day, did you have a time in mind?
I need to leave after 17:45|I can put you on the tr6692, it leaves at 19:21, how many tickets?
Thank you for all the information. That will be all for now.|Okay great! Have a great day!
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Please call again if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular hotel in cambridge, but I cant remember what its called. Can you help me?|Well, I have 33 hotels in my database. Do you know what part of town it's in, or perhaps the price range?
Actually I am looking for a particular hotel called the hobsons house.|Ah, yes. Hobsons house. What information would you like about it?
I am wondering where it is located, what type of hotel, and how much it costs, please.|Sure, hobsons house is in the west area, address is 96 barton road, it is a guesthouse, I unfortunately do not have the price.
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for one that departs from Cambridge for Leicester. It should arrive by 18:00 and needs to leave on Sunday.|I have several trains that arrive before 18:00, is there a particular time you would like to leave by?
No, any one that arrives before 18:00 would be fine.|There is a train that leaves at 5:21 and arrives at 7:06. The price per ticket is 30.24. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. I think that's all I need today, thank you very much.|Will you be traveling alone for this trip? If not how many tickets will you be needing?
I do not need any tickets booked. Thank you for all of your help today. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.
I need a train to birmingham new street|Sure, I can help you with that.  When were you wanting to depart?
I need to leave cambridge after 14:15 on saturday|How about the TR3735, that leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Saturday at 15:01, would that work for you?
That works great! Can you get us a reservation for 3 people?|I can get that completed for you.  Did you need a reference number?
Yes please.  Also, I am interested in some places to go in town.|Is there a particular type of attraction you're interested in?
I would really like it to be in the centre of town and some type of entertainment.|There is no entertainment types in the centre. Would you like to search another area?
What about a museum in the centre of town?|i have 11 museums in the centre. i would suggest the ruskin gallery. they have free entrance.
Can I have the phone number and address please?|Address is anglia ruskin university, east road, phone number is 01245493131, any other questions today?
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Have a great time.
I am coming to Cambridge and cannot wait to eat at some of your loal restaurants.  Can you help me find a train out after dinner?|I certainly can.  What are your departing and arriving stations?
I will be departing from ely and arriving in cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leaver after 9:30.|then train number TR3976 should be ok. can I book?
Yes, it will be for 4 people.|Sure the cost of the journey is 17.60 pounds and you confirmation number is X9OY1UCU.
Could you book it for four then?|Absolutely. Your reference number is X9OY1UCU, and that comes to 17.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I'm also looking for an Asian Oriental restaurant within the cheap range. Can you find one for me?|I have two entries here, both in the centre. I recomend dojo noodle bar. Do you want me to book?
Actually just provide me with the address for that location|For dojo noodle bar, address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre, postal cb21rq, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|It was my please. If I can help with anything else just let me know. Have a great trip.
Can you help me find a train going to Broxbourne?|I can help you find a train but need more information. What day do you need the train and where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave on Saturday, leaving from cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 17:45.|Okay the TR8252 arrives by 17:45.
That will work.  Can you book me 2 seats, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8RMLZ0N0. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, could you recommend a swimming pool in the centre?|Sure thing, this is the pool in the centre parkside pools.
Ok that sounds like what we need|It is at Gonville Place.  I'm not sure how much it is to enter the pool.  01223446100 is the phone number that could give you further information.
Could you give me the postcode, address please?  Too bad it doesn't mention the entrance fee, but I will call them.|The address is Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all. Thank you so much!|Thank you for using our service today!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|There are some great ones.  Can I help you find something in particular?
I would like to try some Indian food.|I have 22 restaurants serving indian food. What is your price range?
Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the price range, address, and postcode, please?|Okay. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp and the price range is expensive.
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 21:15 and should go to cambridge.
The train should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday|Do you have a time that you could like to arrive by?
No, I just need 6 tickets departing after 21:15.|the first train leaves the station at 21:24 will that work for you? Or we could try a cab
No the train sounds good.  Can book 6 tickets please?|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Make sure i get the reference number also please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : B9L7E2J1.
Thanks! That's all I needed.|Have a wonderful time.
Hey, I have some time to kill and I was wondering if there were any multiple sports places in town?|The cherry hinton village centre, on the eastside, is the only one in town. Would you like more information?
Can you get me the hours for that one?|I do not have the hours but they can be reached at 01223576412, can I help with anything else?
I would like the postcode, phone number, and address|The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej.  Their phone number is 01223576412. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes.  May I please get a recommendation for a museum in the centre of town?|I would recommend the Regency Gallery. Do you need anything else?
ok, what is their phone number?|The phone number for Regency Gallery is 01223365454. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I'll also need the postcode and address, please?|The museum's address is 39 fitzroy street cb11er. May I assist you further?
I also needs a train that leaves after 13:00 on friday.|where are you going may I ask?
From Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|Train TR4664 leaves at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07.
Isn't there a train that leaves closer to 13:00?|There is a train that leave at 13:29 on Friday. Do you want that instead?
I'm looking to book a train that will depart out of Cambridge.  Can you give me information about trains that leave Cambridge and arrive in Norwich?|Of course. There is a train leaving Friday at 5:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives by 06:55 would that be okay to book for you?
No I need one that arrives at 16:15.|I'm afraid 06:55 is the earliest I could find.
What?  16:15 is later that 6:55.  Are you saying you have nothing arriving in almost 10 hours after 6:55?|TR2534 arrives that time. can i book for you?
TR2534 arrives at what time?|Sorry, there was a miscommunication earlier. TR8314 is your best bet. It will arrive in Norwich at 15:55 on Friday.
Yes I would like this train booked. I need ticket for 4 people. I also need the reference number please.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee due at the station is 70.4 GBP. The reference number is 8RU6MZ5J.
Okay thanks. Can you also help me find somewhere to stay? I'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 3 star rating.|I have 3 star guesthouses in the north. One has free wifi and parking while the other has neither. Which one would you prefer?
The one with wifi will work. I need to book it for Friday, 5 nights, 4 people.|No problem.  I have the rooms booked for you.  What else can I do?
Reference number please, come on, this is taking too long.  And I didn't even get the hotel name from you, is there a manager?|I apologize. You're booked at the Hamilton Lodge and your Reference number is : UC7W5EFU. Can I assist you with anything else?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|It is located in the north at  63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?|What ever day you want.
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.|Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.|I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.|When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?
We want to arrive on Friday and stay 4 nights.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is J6QGGJ3. Enjoy your stay!
Thanks! I also need a train for Tuesday.|What is your destination and your departure?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.|what time is convenient for you?
I would like to leave after 09:15. I'd like the travel time, ID and price please|I have train TR2643 leaving at 15:00 arriving at 15:51 travel time 51 minutes with a price of 23.60 pounds.
Thank you for everything, that is all I need.|I'm glad that I could be of assistance today. Good-bye.
Please help me find general information about park type places to go in Cambridge.|There are five total parks in Cambridge, four of which are free. The University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds to enter.
May I please have the phone number, postcode, and area of a free park that you recommend?|I have cherry hinton water play,located in the east and the post code is cb18dw. Here is the phone 01223446100.
Thank you for your help.|Have a nice day!
I need a train on Tuesday, leaving from London Kings Cross.|There are 10 trains leaving London Kings Cross on Tuesday. What time would you like to depart?
Around 08:00 and departing for Cambridge.|There is a train leaving at 9:17. Does that work?
That should work fine can I get tickets for 6 people?|I have booked the train for 6 people. 141.6 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is OFA93O2T.
That sounds great.  I appreciate your help.  Bye.|Okay Glad i could be of help.
I'm looking for a train leaving stansted airport on tuesday.|What is your destination and what time would you like to depart from stansted airport?
I am going to Cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to Cambridge by 13:30 Tuesday.|OK, the TR4117 arrives at 12:52. Would you like to book that train?
Not yet but I do need a price and travel time.|TR4117 is 10.10 pounds per ticket and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.  You would leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52.
Thank you!  I'm also looking for a hotel named the Allenbell.  Can you help me with that?|The allenbell is a guesthouse located in the east. It is a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.
Thanks so much, Can you book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting from the same day?|I have made your reservation for Tuesday, with reference #OV9QI79D. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all. Thanks.|Thanks for using the help desk!
I need a train from Cambridge to Norwich please.|What day will you be travelling?
I would like to depart on Sunday.|We have 19 trains that go from cambridge to norwich on sunday. Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I need to arrive by 12:30.|We have the TR9533 that arrives at 11:55. How is that?
I need the reference number, please.|How many tickets do you want? Do you want me to book that?
I only want one ticket please.|Your train is successfully booked.Your reference number is 2ORNPXR6.
Okay great. Thanks for your help.|Alright. Enjoy your journey.
i need a train going to leicester that leaves after 11:45|Sure, are you going to leicester, or to cambridge? What is your departure site please?
I will be departing leicester going to cambridge, sorry for the confusion. I need to leave after 11:45 also.|The earliest train leaving after 11:45 is at 12:09 on friday. Would you like me to book this for you?
That is fine. Can I have the train ID once it's booked?|Of course, what day will you be traveling, and how many people will be in your party?
I need 1 ticket for departure on Thursday.|Great. I have booked you one seat on the 12:09 train from Leicester and your reference number is  7UR3BFW6. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on Thursday at an expensive African restaurant. Can you help me with this?|There are no tables available at Bedouin at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot or perhaps a different day?
Sure. If there are no other African eateries to choose from, try the 14:00 at the Bedouin.|There is one restaurant called bedouin, but unfortunately it does not have any open reservations for matching your specifications. Could you provide another day or time?
Could you get a reservation at a difference expensive African restaurant?|I was successfully able to book you a reservation for 7. The reference number is R2RPLBI3. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. I have everything I need.|You are welcome.  Good bye.
Hi! Could you find me a train to Stevenage on Thursday?|There are 10 trains meeting your preferences. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Would you be able to get me to Stevenage by 18:45?|Where would you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge.|TR4765 will arrive in stevenage by 18:10 on Thursday, do you want to book a ticket?
I would like to book 7 tickets please. I will also need the reference number. Thanks|Sure, your reference number is : UIJ42C5L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service. Are you certain you don't need any further assistance?
Yes that's everything I needed thanks.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a wonderful day!
I was hoping to visit the cambridge university botanic gardens.|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located at Bateman Street in Centre with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, I will need the phone number, postcode and address please.|The postcode is cb21jf. The phone number is 01223336265 and they are located on bateman street. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I'll need a train to Birmingham New Street. Can you help with that?|I sure can!  What day are you looking to travel?
Monday, and I would like to get there by 21:15.|Where will you be departing from?
cambridge, I need 5 tickets and the reference number|Okay, the reference number is KVTFY7CR. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks very much for your help.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Sunday, please.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 19:30 on sunday. Could I also get the train ID as well?|There are 146 departures from Cambridge on Sunday that match your arrive by time. Where is your destination?
kings lynn and I also looking for a restaurant in the south and expensive price range|Sure, I can help you with that.  First, let's find the train.  How early would you like to leave?
arriving by 19:30 on sunday. I need the train's ID please. Leaving cambridge going to kings lynn|TR3212 leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58. Will this one work for you?
I'd like something a little later in the day, please.|TR2045 leaves at 18:11 and arrives at 18:38. Would that be acceptable?
that sound just fine|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
please do. i would also like help finding an expensive restaurant.|How many seats do you need on that train?
I do not need train reservations. I need help finding a restaurant.|There are several fine restaurants.  What area and what type of food would you enjoy?
South area, and food type doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people at 15:45 on the same day, if that time doesn't work 14:45 and i'd like a reference number.|You are booked at frankie and bennys for 3 at 1545. your booking number is T01E84XG
Thank you for your help.  That is all I need.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Do you book trains for the bishops stortford?|Yes.  Are you departing or arriving in bishops stortford?
I am going there from Cambridge on Thursday.|I have 10 trains going to Bishops Stortford from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 18:15.|TR0141 will have you in Cambridge by 14:07.
I need two tickets.|The TR0277 will get you there by 18:07. I can book you 2 tickets on that if you would like?
two tickets will be fine, please.|TR0277 two tickets. the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is:  00QGJ7W5. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
A nice place to eat that serves Austrian food. In the centre of town if possible.|I am so sorry no Austrian restaurants in that area, another food type perhaps?
Okay, do you have any good restaurants serving British food?|There are 7 restaurants in the Centre that serve British food, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
Any is fine, can I get the phone number and postcode of one you'd recommend?|i'd recommend the oak bistro. their phone number is 01223323361. their postcode is cb21eg.
great! thanks. thats all i need. goodbye.|Awesome. We're here 24/7 if you need us again. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 11:30.|Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?|The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.|We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria.  Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks|I would recommend the lensfield hotel. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?|How many people should I book this for?  What day?  How many days will you be staying?
I'm trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday and going to Cambridge. Can you help?|What is your destination?
I'm headed to cambridge.|I'm sorry, I needed to ask you from where would you be departing?
I will be departing from Ely.|The earliest train leaves at 5:35 and the latest at 23:35.  They run every 2 hours.  What time would you like to depart or arrive?
i want to leave after 14:45|How about TR9823 departing ely at 15:35 and arriving in cambridge at 15:52?  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Wait.  Leaving for London king not Ely.  I am going to Cambridge.  I need a train for that.|TR7931 departing London Kings Cross at 15:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 116:08. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Could I get the price and the travel time for that train?|It is 18.88 pounds and last a total of 51 minutes.
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the varsity restaurant.|It is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre. It is a moderately priced international restaurant.
Thanks for the info! Can you please book me a table for 7 people at 18:45 on Sunday?|Booking confirmed. Reference number is : HAJW2I1I. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for all your help today. I appreciate it.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
i need a train leaving from from birmingham new street that arrives by 11:30|What time would you like to leave and what is your destination?
I want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on Tuesday and Cambridge is my destination.|There is a bus that leaves Birmingham New Street for Cambridge at 10:40. Would you like to book it?
No thank you, but I would like the travel time for this train.|The travel time is 163 minutes. Is that sufficient?
Yes but I also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's centre that serves Indian food.|I have 9 different options. To narrow it down some, can you tell me what price range you would prefer?
I don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city centre. You can surprise me. I'll need a table for 8 the same day.|How about Curry Garden? What time and day would you like the reservation for?
That sounds fine. I would like it booked for 17:45 for 8 people please.|And what day would you like that table reserved?
I'd like it on Tuesday, please.|Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to try another day or time, or perhaps another place?
Could you try an hour earlier, then?|Certainly. You now have a table for your party of 8 at the Curry Garden, at 16:45. Your reference number is V24OGNJB.
Great that's all that I need, thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need a train to get to stansted airport by 17:30|do you have a day that you want to travel on ?
Yeah, Tuesday. Thanks.|I will also need your departure city.
cambridge. get me the travel time|There are trains on the :08 every hour on Tuesday. The one closest to your arrival time leaves cambridge at 16:40. It's a 28 minute journey.
I also need the name and number of an expensive place to dine in the city center. Whatever you recommend.|What type of food would you like?
The restaurant should serve romanian food|There are no expensive Romanian restaurants in the centre could I look fore something else.
What about something that serves european food?|I show three expensive European restaurants in the centre. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
No, thanks, I just need the address of one of them, please.|darrys cookhouse and wine shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.
that is it for today thanks for helping|Glad to help enjoy your day.
I need directions to leverton house, a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?|Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you?
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.|Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday.|What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.|What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after 20:45. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a train leaving after 16:15 on friday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive at leicester.|Okay. The TR0094 meets your criteria. Would you like more information or would you like to book tickets?
book for 1 person and get me  reference number|Okay, your ticket is booked! Reference number UYWWVHK8. Can I be of any further help?
Yes please. I'm looking for a good museum in town. Can you suggest one that you like?|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Yes, the west please.|we have quite a few in the west, how can I help you?
Can you please provide me a list of museum options?|We have five museums in the west area.  I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery.  Would you like information on some of the other museums?
Can you give me the postcode, entrance fee, and address of one?|The lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq, and is free. May I help you with something else?
no thanks that is enough for today|You're welcome! Bye!
I am look for a hotel near the beach near the main strip|Sorry, I don't think I can help you there. Can I help with something else?
I am looking for a particular restaurant called Zizzi Cambridge. Can you tell me what area it is in?|Zizzi is in the centre of town.
Excellent.  Thank you.  Also, can you assist me with finding a train for Monday?|Sure! Provide me your itinerary.
We will be traveling from Cambridge and going to Ely, but it needs to leave after 21:00.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:00.|I've booked you a train, the fee is 4.4 GBP and the reference number is CYJKG5SK.
i didnt really need a booking, but oh well. can i get the price of the ticket though?|4.40 pounds is the price
Thanks for the info, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
You're welcome for contacting you. Have a nice day too. Bye bye.|In review, did you need a restaurant reservation or more information? Also, I have cancelled your train booking.
I need to see some train times for Wednesday.|There are 404 trains running on Wednesday, what point of departure and point of arrival are you interested in?
I need to depart from ely and arrive by 16:30.|I can help you with that. How early do you want to leave because we have trains running as early as 5:35
i want to arrive by 16:30 if possible.|The TR2211 will  leave Ely Wednesday arriving at 15:52.  Would you like to book that one?
Yes book that for me thank you|I will book that for you now.
Thank  you and I need a reference number|How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket and thank you|Okay. I have booked one ticket for you. The reference number is EHRSRM7K and it will cost 4.4 GBP.
No, that is all. Thank you so much. Goodbye|Thank you for using our system!
I would like to find a Danish restaurant with a moderate price range.|There are no matches, can I try something else?
No, that's fine.|Can I help you find another place to dine?
Yeah, how about something that serves European food?|Sure, I can find that for you.  Is there a particular section of town that you were looking at?
I definitely would like it to be in the centre, please.|I would suggest galleria.
Okay. I'd like to reserve a table.|For when and how many?
A table for 7 at 12:15 on Wednesday. After booking please provide the reference number. Also need a train departing from Liverpool on Wednesday and arrive by 09:30 going to Cambridge.|You are booked at Galleria for 12:15 on Wednesday. Your reference number is: ROEZ39JR.
I also need to get a train on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street.|There are 10 trains departing London Liverpool Street on Wednesday? Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 09:30, please.|TR8813 arrives in cambridge at 09:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! Could you book me seats for 7 people?|You are booked on TR8813 with the reference number NFC67U5I. The total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. It departs london liverpool street at 07:39.
Thank you! That is all I need.|Great! Glad I could be of help.
i am looking for a train. The train should depart from Peterborough and should go to Cambridge.|There are many trains available.  Do you have a specific day or time in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday.|Great, and what time on sunday would you like to either leave after or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:15.|can i book for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people.|The total fee is 26.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CW3O4QG9. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that would be it thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have an amazing trip!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|There are several options to choose from in the centre in the cheap price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I don't really have a preference.  I just need something for Sunday at 18:00.  There will be 2 of us.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EYEGC64E. Dojo Noodle Bar. Is there anything else?
I need a train from kings lynn to cambridge, if possible.|There are 133 trains available. Tell me more about your trip.
I'd like to arrive by 08:00, and I'd like to travel on the same day that I'm going to the Noodle Bar.|I have train TR5198 departing at 07:11 and arriving at 07:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that works great. Could you book 2 tickets for me please?|Booking is successful, you will need to pay 15.68 at the station, your reference number is 9NJNSEIC., anything else that I can help with?
No thank you. That will be it.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day
I would like to book a train for Saturday.|Where would you like to go to?
I'll be catching the train at Birmingham New Street and take me to Cambridge.  Anytime after 12:30 is great.|TR0680 will depart at 12:40 and arrive 163 minutes later at 15:23. The trip will cost 60.08. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 8 people.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I need the reference number.|OK, you have 8 seats reserved on TR0680. The total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WUCRXXMG.
I also need a very CHEAP hotel with free wifi, not necessarily free parking though|I have the Cambridge Belfry. It is a cheap hotel located in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on saturday|I was able to book the room successfully.  The reference number is 8L2C6Y3N.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all I need.|Thanks for using our service & have a great visit!
I'm wanting a train that leaves on Friday and goes to Cambridge.|Sure thing. What's your departure site and around what time would you like to leave?
I  want to leave after 16:45, depart from Birmingham New Street.|The first train will leave at 17:40 and arrive at 20:23.  Does that sound good?
This time works fine for me.|You train has been booked, and the reference number is ZETNNFN0. You will owe 75.09 GBP when you arrive.
thanks, i'm also looking for some museums.|We have lots of wonderful museums.  Is there a particular area of the town you would like to find one in?
Yes, do you have any in the centre?|There's 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
Anyone of those would work. Could you recommend something for me? I'll need the phone number, and address as well.|The broughton house gallery is very nice and the phone number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
What area is it in?|It is in the centre.
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant there in Cambridge.|There are quite a few restaurants here in the city! Did you have a particular type of food in mind, or a price range you'd like to stay within?
I am actually looking for Efes Restaurant.  I would like to book a table for 7 people on Sunday at 19:30.  And please provide a reference number.|Ok your Booking was successful you Reference number is 3G02X88X.
Thanks. Can you check on trains for me?|As there are quite a few trains, what is your destination, departure, and arrival time needed? I will narrow them down for you.
I will be departing birmingham new street on Sunday. I want to arrive at cambridge by 14:15.|TR7468 would arrive Cambridge at 13:23. Would that work fine for you?
That would be great. I will need 7 tickets booked please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 420.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UI1LGPAY.
Thank you for your help. That's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm looking for interesting museums in the centre of Cambridge, can you recommend me any?|I recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology
That sounds great! Can I have their address?|They are located at university of cambridge, downing street and there is no entrance fee. Would you like their phone number as well?
Not right now, but thanks. I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:30, though.|Sure thing. Where will you be travelling from and on what day?
I will be departing from Stevanage on Tuesday.|Great! Train TR6913 leaves at 19:54 and arrives by 20:43, with a price of 12.80 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes, it sounds great.  Can you book 8 seats for me please?|Your booking was on TR6914 not TR6913. Your reference number is 4L2BQ9VA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 09:00?|Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from norwich|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday.|TR4202 will leave at 07:16 and arrive 79 minutes later at 08:35. It will cost 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
cool, actually i need eight seats.|Your tickets have been booked. The total fee for 8 tickets is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is AT6FDYTN. Anything else you need today?
I need to book a 3 night stay starting on Tuesday for 8 at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house.  I need a reference number for it.|Okay, the booking was successful. Reference number is : FKO2U5E7. Anything else I can help you with?
thank you that is all|Excellent. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for a place to go in the south of town.|What type of place are you looking for? In the south, we have a cinema, theater, museum, parks, and night club. If you tell me what you are looking for, we can narrow it down.
south. and i need to get address and postcode|Tenpin is a fun place in the south, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy.
And can you help me find a train to get to Birmingham New Street.  It needs to leave after 19:15.|May I ask what day you are needing to book the train for?
I'll be traveling on Monday.|There are four trains on Monday that would meet your needs, leaving at 20:01, 21:01, 22:01, and 23:01.
ok, i'll do the first train|That's train TR2850 leaving at 20:01 and arriving at 22:44. Would you like reservations?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets actually.  Can you confirm that it does indeed leave from Cambridge?  And I'll need the travel time also.  Thanks.|I can confirm the train leaves from Cambridge. The travel time is 163 minutes. May I help with something else?
That's it for today. Thanks so much for your help.|Thank you, have a great evening.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.|I can certainly help you find a train leaving from Kings Lynn. What day would you like to go?
I want to leave on Sunday.|What time do you need to be in Cambridge?  I have 19 trains available.  Can you help me sort this out better for you?
09:15 please, thank you for your help.|Do yo have a preferred time to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get to Cambridge by 09:15.|I have a deaprting at 5:11. Shall I book you one?
No, not today.  Can you just give me the train ID and travel time?  I guess I will need that departure time too.  Thanks.|Train TR6003 departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The travel time is 47 minutes. It will get you to Cambridge at 05:58.
Thanks, I also need an expensive thai restaurant.|I have 2 options for you. Sala Thong is located in the west. And Bangkok City is located in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Which one has thai food?|Both choices serve Thai.  I prefer sala thong.
Could you give me the phone number and address of sala thong?|No problem. The number is 01223323178 and they are located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Can I also get the postcode please?|Sure. The post code is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
No that will be all, thanks.|I hope when you come the weather will be clement.
Can you assist me in getting a train that leaves after 18:30? Thanks|To help you find the train you are looking for could you please provide me with your departure site and destination? Also your departure time and arrival time? Thank you.
I'm coming from Broxbourne going to Cambridge on Saturday.|I have 6 trains for you to choose from. The earliest leaves at 18:32. Do you want me to book a ticket?
How long does the journey take?|The train ride is 60 minutes long.
Thanks, that's all I need for the train for now. Are there any interesting attractions in the town centre?|We have lots of architecture, colleges and museums. Do you have a preference?
Nope, any will be fine. I just need an entrance fee and phone number for one.|Okay, you can try Great Saint Mary's Church. Admission is 2 Pounds. Their phone number is 01223350914. Can I help you with anything else?
No. that will be all. good bye.|Have a great day!
I need some train schedule information, please.|Is there a specific destination you need to depart from?
Yes, the train should arrive by 18:15 and should depart from ely.|What is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge, please.|trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR8519	ely	cambridge	friday	05:35	05:52	4.40 pounds	17 minutes	
TR8510	ely	cambridge	friday	07:35	07:52	4.40 pounds	17 minutes	
TR3976	ely	cambridge	friday	09:35	09:52	4.40 pounds	17 minutes	
TR0212	ely	cambridge	friday	11:35	11:52	4.40 pounds	17 minutes	
TR0236	ely	cambridge	friday	13:35	13:52	4.40 pounds	17 minutes there is a sample
Thanks, that's all I need.|Did you say you were leaving on Friday?
I need to leave on Thursday, not Friday.|I see. All right, I've adjusted that information for you.
That is all i needed.|Thank you for using our services.
Any trains from stansted airport?|The next train to be leaving from Stansted Airport is at 5:24 on Friday. It will get to Cambridge at 5:52.
I need a train that leaves on Sunday.|There's a train that leaves Stansted airport at 08:24 and gets to Cambridge at 8:52. I can look up an earlier or later one if you prefer
I just need to arrive by 19:15, so could you find one closer to that time, please?|Train TR1008 will arrive by 08:52. Should I get you tickets for that one?
Could you tell me how long that train ride is?|That ride takes exactly 28 minutes.
Are there any swimming pools in the area?|There is one pool called the Parkside Pools on Gonville place. Will that work?
Think I will take a dip there, can you let me know if there is an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not available online at the moment. The phone number is 01223446100 if you'd like to call and check. Can I help you with anything else?
no, that's it. thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm feeling adventurous and would love to get recommendations about places to visit in the South|There's a lot to do in the south. There's a cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park, and theatre. What sounds good to you?
Maybe we can do a picnic in the park. Can you tell me about what's available?|How about wandlebury country park that is located in the south park of town? It is also free.
That sounds great, thank you. I'm also looking on information on trains arriving from cambridge by 15:15.|Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to london kings cross on friday.|Your best bet would be the TR3685 which leaves Cambridge on Friday at 13:00 and gets to London Kings Cross at 13:51.
Perfect. Thank you for your help today.|My pleasure.  Can I help you with something else?
No thank you.|you're welcome. i hope you'll have a wonderful and adventurous picnic. Goodbye
Hello I need a train to Bishops Stortford please|What day and time will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday and would like to leave after 16:30.|The first train after 16:30 is TR6673 which leaves at 17:29 and will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No thanks. No need to book. But, can you tell me the price for the ticket?|The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. I also need the phone number for an attraction called great saint mary's church.|great saint mary's church's phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the address also please?  That will help a lot!  Thanks so much!|Their address is market square. How else can I help?
that isenough for today. thank you for helping|You are most welcome. I hope you have a wonderful time on your trip to cambridge. Goodbye!
I am going to Cambridge and I want to travel home by train.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday after 16:00 and go to Norwich.|The first train leaving after 16:00 is TR6838. It leaves at 16:36 and will arrive at 17:55. Will that fit your needs?
That sounds perfect, can you let me know the price per ticket on that?|It is 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Thank you so much!|Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is SAAOOKI0.
I am also interested in places to go in town. I would like to find an entertainment attraction in the east of town. Do you have any suggestions?|I've got two for you.  The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds or the Funky Fun House. Would you like more information on one or both?
Can I get the postcode for the funky fun house?|the postcode is cb58hy. anything else?
Thanks. The train and attraction are all I need today. I appreciate your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm interested in finding theatres in the centre, if any.|There are 4 theatres in the centre of town. May I recommend ADC Theatre on Park Street?
Sure may I have the address, postcode and phone number please?|The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street, postcode cb58as, and the phone number is 01223300085.
Awesome! Thanks! I will also be needing a train to leave Cambridge. Can you also help with that?|There are a lot of trains departing cambridge throughout the day and night. What is your destination and what time would you like to arrive by?
I need a train to cambridge. Get me one that arrives by 13:00|There are over 500 results. Where are you leaving from? And what day?
I will be going to Ely on Thursday.|too many options to choose from, can you please help narrow them down?
i am leaving peterborough|Are you going to cambridge or ely? You've said both.
I am going to Cambridge and should arrive by 13:00. Can you book for 3 people leaving Wednesday from Peterborough? Also need information on Clare College.|I still have 14 trains.  Arriving at :09 and :38 every hour starting at 06:09 and the last is at 12:38.  Which one do you want?
I'd like one that arrives by 13:00 on wednesday.|They all do. Which train would you like?
Well pick pick the one that leaves the latest but arrives by 13:00 and book for 3 people.|all set! Reference # is EH4ICTHP. Anything else today?
Yes, I need information on clare college.|clare college is a college located in the west
Can I also have the address and entrance fee?|Clare College is on Trinity Lane. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all for today.|great, have a good day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|There are several options available, is there a particular type of cuisine that you are interested in?
One that serves curry. Is there a nice Indian restaurant?|There is in fact. It's called Taj Tandoori. Would you like to know more information?
Actually, what about an expensive Chinese restaurant in that area instead?|I have The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. It's located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. What time and for how many people please?
I only require the postcode and phone number.|Their postcode is cb17ag, and phone number is 01223244149
thank you very much.|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to london liverpool street and I'd like to leave sometime after 08:15|5 trains found. The earliest times are 9:59 and 11:59. Which would you like to book?
I would be interested in the train leaving at 9:59. Can you book me for that one for 1 person? And can I get the arrival time and train ID please.|Of course! I have you booked on TR1750 arriving at 13:27 with reference number 3XB7W40D. The total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
Yes could you please confirm the travel time as well for TR1750?|The duration for your train ride is 88 minutes long.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Did you need anything else?
No, you have given me everything i need. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre of town.|Great Kymmoy is in the centre of town and expensive.
I want to book a table for 3 people at 14:00 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VBPWAD3J.
Thank you so much. I would also like to find a train to take me to Kings Lynn by 10:15.|There are 35 departures with those criteria. What time do you want to leave?
The train should arrive by 10:15 please on Sunday please.|How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket. I will need the train ID, cost of ticket and exact departure time as well.|There is a train arriving in Kings Lynn on Sunday at 09:58. It departs at 09:11 and costs 7.84 pounds. The train ID is TR6088.
Great! That's all I needed. Thanks a lot for the help.|Glad I could help!
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a train|I feel more comfortable planning my own trip, but I can help you with yours.   Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am from Broxbourne and coming into Cambridge. What trains would you have available on Monday?|We have nineteen trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:15.  Can you book this for four people?  I need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UPJBMQ32.
Thanks, I also need a guest house.|We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a certain part of town or price range you would like?
I want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet|there are two results here. Do you have a preference for star rating?
No, I don't have a preference for star rating. Either would be fine.|Well 4 stars sounds better than 0 to me, how about the alexander bed and breakfast.  Would you like to book there?
as long as it has free wifi. I need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.|It does have internet. I booked your reservation, the reference number is RUNKLECC. Anything more I can help with?
that will be all for me today. Thank you, bye!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me with that?|Is there a specific area you are looking at and what price range would you like?
I just need it to be in the west and it should include free wifi.|I found two locations Finches Bed and Breakfast and Hobsons house, which one would you prefer?
I think I would prefer the Hobsons House. Can I get the postcode and phone number?|The address for Hobsons House is 96 Barton Road and the postcode is cb39lh, would you like me to book a reservation?
Not at this time.  I am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on wednesday.|There are 202 trains departing from Cambridge that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave after 13:45.|There are 107 trains leaving after 13:45. If you give me your destination I can narrow down the choices.
I'm heading to leicester.|Yes I have a Wednesday train from Leicester to Cambridge that departs at 14:21 and arrives at 16:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like to make the booking for 8 people.|Just to clarify, that train is from Cambridge to Leicester. I've made reservations for 8, reference no. HG6Y42HX. You can pay at the station.
thank you for your help|Thank you for contacting Cambridge InfoCentre today! Enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a place in town?|What type of place would you like to find?
I am looking for a theatre and need the address and area.|The ADC Theatre is a great option. It's located in the centre and the address is Park Street. Would you like any other information?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge that will be leaving on Saturday.|We have several, you got a departure site, or time you want to leave or arrive by?
I'm leaving from bishops stortford after 11:45|TR0275 departs at 13:29. Would you like a ticket?
No, I just needed the number and time. Thank you!|Would that be all for today or would you need assistance with something else?
No that is all. Thank you.|Have a great trip!
Thank you, goodbye.|Contact us if you need help with anything else.
Hi I am looking for a guesthouse that has a star rating of 0.|It looks like there are two of those in Cambridge, do you have a preference on a location?
The hotel should be in the north and should be in the cheap price range.|It sounds like City Centre North B&B is perfect for you. Would you like me to book this guesthouse?
Yes, please, for three nights starting Monday.|And how many people will be staying?
Six people will be staying.|Okay, the booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : Z7T91H45.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need a train departing from kings lynn. It would be for the same day as my hotel arrival. And I need to arrive before 21:45.|Sure, the train that arrives closest to the time you requested is TR1465 arrives at 20:58. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
What is the departure time and the duration of the ride?|Train TR1465 departs Cambridge at 20:11 and takes exactly 47 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to clarify. I want to depart Kings Lynn and arrive in Cambridge, does TR1465 work for me?|Yes, this train meets all the criteria you specified. Can I book that for you?
Yes that's fine. Thank you. If for some reason there were a mix up are there workers at the station or is there a number to call here?|Upon booking you will have a confirmation number that you can call and reference in case of any trouble.
Okay, so TR1465 leaves kings lynn at 20:11, arrives in cambridge at 20:58, and has a travel time of 47 minutes? If that is correct, that's all I need.|Great I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your travel.
looking for a train. The train should arrive by 13:00 and should go to cambridge|Yes sure. Could you tel me where you are departing from and when?
I would be going to cambridge from london liverpool street.|What day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on thursday, can I get the departure time, train ID and price?|Your train is TR0998 and will be an 88 minute ride
can you tell me the departure time and price please?|Departure time is 09:39, arrives in cambridge at 11:07. The fare is 16.60
I'm looking for something to do in the west part of town while I'm there.|The west area has many colleges, museums, and one entertainment called Whale of a Time. Do you have a preference?
I'm not sure. What do you recommend?|Does the entrance fee matter? If you are looking for some thing free, there is the museum of classical archaeology. If your budget allows, there's queens' college.
Lets go with the free option please.|Okay! Do you need any information about that museum?
No, as long as it is free.  Thank you. Goodbye.|goodbye too, enjoy yourself
Find me places to go in town. I want to go to museum type attractions.|I have 11 museum type locations in the city centre, would you care to see a listing?
Can you give me the phone number to the closest one to my location?|Yes the phone number is 01223314960.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Kings Lynn|What day are you leaving?
I am wanting to leave on Sunday after 18:30.|I have the TR1526 leaving at 09:11. How many ticket please?
Oh, I'm not gonna book right now. Do you know how long the trip will take?|that trip will take 47 minutes. anything else today?
No thank you|If that's all, then I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge! Have a great day.
I'm looking for a guest house in Cambridge, please and thank you.|There are many guesthouses available! Is there a price range you prefer?
I'd actually like something really basic, a 0-star guesthouse. Is there one in the north?|I have the city centre north b and b located at 328a histon road.   Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range and do they have wifi?|There is only one hotel and it is cheap.
Does it have wifi?|Yes they do have free wifi and free parking as well. Would you like to make reservations?
Are there any trains leaving cambridge?|There are many trains leaving Cambridge
I'm trying to get to London Liverpool Street on Friday.|When would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference but I do need to arrive by 14:45.|Friday at 5:59 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for 3 people.|Great.  Your booking was successful.  The reference number is E2998ZVM.
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive restaurant to go to in the centre?|There are lots of expensive food options in the centre. Do you have a preferred food type?
Can you just suggest one for me?|I recommend bedouin. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please reserve it for 3 people on Friday at 11:45. And I want the reference number too|You are booked for 3 at 11:45 on Friday at Bedouin.  Your reference number is JETYPNVX. Have fun! Anything else?
Awesome, that is all thanks for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I need a train on Wednesday, to take me to Leicester.|Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I need to arrive by 17:45|TR0677 will get you there by 7:06.  How many seats will you need?
I will need 2 seats|Okay, I have booked 2 tickets for you! Reference number JCKUN8PK. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks! Can you help me with a restaurant that I'm looking for its called dojo noodle bar.|It is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and is cheap. Would you like reservations?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 14:45 on the same day.|Great. I was able to do that are your reference number is QLKTYZDK..
Perfect. Thank you very much. I think that is all I need today.|I'm happy to be of service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|Can I get your destination please?
Stansted Airport please.|What time would you like to leave?
Leave after 14:45. I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LZY6ET2M. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i'm also looking for info about a restaurant.|What part of town would you like ?
I am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. I am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 7 people on Sunday.|Alright I booked that, and your reference is PMCEY5JA. Anything else I can do?
Thanks so much for your help, I think that will be all I need today.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket.|I can help you with that. Where would you like to arrive and depart from and on what day?
I want to depart from london liverpool street on Saturday leaving after 08:30 to go to cambridge|TR0357 will leave at 09:39, would that work for you?
That sounds like it will work. Can you book 7 seats for us? I'll need a reference number.|7 seats have been booked and your reference number is: MN2WKAWI
I also need to find a place to stay while there. Preferably something expensive.|ok there are 5 different ones. Which area of town are you wanting to stay in?
I'm flexible on the area but I really want a hotel instead of a guesthouse. And I would like something with 4 stars.|You have two choices that match your criteria: Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and University Arms Hotel in centre. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Do either of them have free parking?|Yes, both of them. Is there anything else about them you'd like to know?
I would like to book one of those for 2 nights please.|OK, how many people will be staying and what day will you be checking in?
7 people on the same night.|Booking was unsuccessful at both hotels. Would you like to change the duration of your stay?
Sure, try just 1 night.|Booking was successful at the University Arms Hotel located in the centre of town. They are 4-star rated and have free parking and wifi. Reference number is: 5Y7U9B9A. Is that ok?
Yeah that works for me. It's also all I needed for today. Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I need a guest house to stay in. What do you have?|I can definitely help you with that. How about we start with a price range you prefer? Or maybe an area you prefer?
I don't really have a preference. I just need free wifi.|How about the A and B Guest House in the east?
Yes I'd like to book that for 1, starting Monday for 3 nights. Also could I have the reference number for that?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CP66EFS7. Will there be anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge.|I can help you find one. First of all, where are you going to be departing from?
I need a train form Cambridge on Monday arriving at Leicester by 12.|The earliest is TR8631, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving Leicester, 07:06. Would you like to book a ticket, or perhaps a later time would be better?
Later time. Book for the same amount of people though.|How about TR2192, it leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06, will this be better for you?
Yes that is fine and a reference number please|It has been booked the reference number is OWA1681U
Thank you so much.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Have a great day!
I want a train that departs from bishops stortford on Thursday.|I can find that train for you. What time would you like to depart?
I don't care when I depart as long as I make it to Cambridge by 20:45.|I have eight trains matching your preferences.  Would you like me to book TR0060 that arrives at 20:07?
Yes please, book it for 2 people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.|Your all ready to go! Reference number is Mh4TQ7KB. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you provide some information about Gonville and Caius College?|Of course, so this college is located on trinity street in the centre. Anything else you needed to know about this place?
The attraction type is college? I think that's all the information that I needed, thanks.|I have found gonville and college. It is free to get in.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|Thank you, Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train that leaves Cambridge after 9:45 PM? Thanks.|I can help with that. What is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Bishops Storford on Wednesday.  I actually need to leave after 21:45 though.|I do not have any trains that match your request.
That's disappointing. Can you recommend a taxi or bus service?|I can set you up for bus TR9984, they leave at 23:29 and the price is 10.10 pounds, are you Ok with that?
Okay. Can you also tell me about a museum to go to in the centre?|Of course, there are actually eleven to choose from.
Can you make recommendation?|I like the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology.  It is located at the University of Cambridge.
Thank you, can I have the post code for that museum.|Yes, the postcode is cb23dz, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I needed.  Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need to take a train to cambridge on tuesday.|ok, what are your travel times?
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as the train arrives in Cambridge by 17:45|May I please get your place of departure?
I'm going to be leaving birmingham new street and need to arrive by 17:45|Okay. The TR0749 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time but can you also find me an architecture attraction in the centre of town.|I'd recommend all saints church. Would you like more information on it?
Please give me the telephone number,email address, address and admission fee for All Saint Church?|They offer free entrance. They are located on Jesus Lane. Phone number is 0122345287. Unfortunately, they do not provide us with email addresses. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
While in Cambridge I am looking for a college in the centre of town please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town, did you have a particular one you were interested in?
No I don't have a preference.|Okay, we've got christ's college on	saint andrew's street  at 01223334900.  Will there be anything else?
I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge. I'd like it to arrive by 18:15.|Yes, I can help you with that. The first train leaves at 05:00 on Friday and the last one departs at 13:00, do you have a preference?
Yes. I would like the train to depart from Cambridge and arrive by 18:15.|What would your destination be?
saint andrew street|I'm sorry, but I don't understand. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to bishops stortford on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 18:15.|Thank you. TR2153 will depart cambridge at 17:29 on tuesday, arriving at bishops stortford at 18:07. Will that work?
That should work thank you very much|How many tickets do you need?
Can I get tickets for 5 people?|Sure. Your reference number is KOPBB0EL. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're quite welcome! We hope you've found this service useful and wish you a wonderful rest of your day.
I need a train leaving on Friday.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to ely.|Is there a particular time you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave on Friday and should arrive by 08:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 57E550PF.
I am looking for a train to Ely.|What day are you looking to travel?
I need to leave a little after 8:00 on Sunday, and I'm leaving from Cambridge.|The closest train I have is the TR3177 that leaves at 09:50. There's nothing earlier on that day.
That will have to work. What is the arrival time?|The arrival time is 10:07.
Perfect! That's all I needed to know. Thanks. Have a great day.|Have a wonderful day!
I need to a train heading to New Street station in Birmingham, do you have info for that?|Where do you want to depart from?
I'd like a train that can get me from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Monday by 12:45.|The TR1162 leaves at 9:01 and will arrive at 11:44.  Is that alright?
Yes that will fine. Can you tell me the travel time for that?|It will be 163 minutes long.
Thank you for your help. That will be all.|You're welcome, thank you for using our service.
I would like to book a train for Thursday after 20:45. Can you help?|No problem! Where will you be departing from and where is the destination?
I need to leave bishops stafford and head into cambridge.|TR6336 departs at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07 for 10.10 pounds.  Do you wish to book this one?
Sounds right, would you book it for 6 people? I will need the reference number, thank you.|Your Reference number is : VCAW5JNF.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I have heard wonderful things about the autumn house hotel.  Could you provide me with some information on this hotel please?|Sure. Autumn House is a cheap, guesthouse type hotel in he east part of town. It has 4 stars.
Perfect thanks for such great help|You're welcome. Would you like a booking or any other information?
Could I please have the phone number for the Autumn House?|Sure! The number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. But thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. I'm looking for something with zero stars, I'm kind of doing an irony thing.|I show 3 with zero stars. One in the north, and two in the centre. Did you have a preference?
yes the one in centre of town will you book it ?|Cityroomz is in the centre of town with 0 stars. What date will you like me to book it?
Is it a guesthouse?|it is moderate  priced hotel with free  internet. can we go ahead and book?
Yes please, 3 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday.|You're all set! Reference number is CPNDRAUS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking to get train tickets as well.|We have 2,828 different trains available.  Where are you leaving from.
I will travel to cambridge from stansted airport on wednesday and need to arrive by 14:15|There are 9 trains available. Do you need tickets booked?
Yes, I will need tickets for the group. Thank you|I have you booked on the last train, departing at 9:52. Your reference number is FIDSQKSN. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for now. Thank You|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to find some information in a particular restaurant. Are you able to look up a specific place?|Absolutely.  What is the name of the restaraunt you are interested in?
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 2 people at 16:45 on Thursday|Sure. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : X9AVZ8EI. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a Thursday train.|What location will you depart from and where are you headed?
Depart from Ely and would like to arrive by 13:00 in Cambridge. I need to book it for 2 people I also need a reference number. Thanks|Sure thing, it's booked and your reference number is PWSVK4XQ. Do you need more help?
Nope, I'm all finished for today. Thanks so much, goodbye now!|You are very welcome, bye!
I need to book a train leaving cambridge on thursday can you help me?|Absolutely! To help narrow your search, where would you like to arrive at?
I need to arrive no later than 18:30.|We have quite a few trains that fit that criteria, what destination do you have in mind?
Can you find me one that will arrive in Norwich please|I have a train that arrives at 17:55, if that's acceptable?
Yes that would be fine what is the price?|The price is 17.60. Would you like me to book that for you/
I'm also looking for things to do in the centre, would it be possible to get phone numbers for the various attractions?|All saints church 01223452587, great saint mary's church 01223350914, pembroke college 01223338100
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you!|you're welcome. thank you for using our sysyem.
Have a great day!|Thanks, you too!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|What type of food are you looking for?
I would like eritrean, please.|I'm very sorry there are no restaurants that serve eritrean food in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine we can look for?
How about Turkish?|efes restaurant should be fine. it is moderately priced and located in King Street City Centre, cb11ln. can we book?
Sure make me a booking for 8 people at 19:00 on monday.|I have made reservations your reference number is KZ7IRCWH.
I also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 11:00|Sure, where are you departing from? What is your destination?
I am leaving stevenage and going to cambridge.|Okay, the TR8265 arrives by 10:43 and leaves at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes please book the train for eight people.|Your booking was a success. The total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KH92FZBE. Could I be assistance to you with anything else?
Nope that's it. Thank you.|You're welcome, hope you enjoy your visit :)  Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be in the north and have a 4 star rating.|We have 8 hotels available for booking in the north. Would you be interested the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
I do need to make sure it's not too expensive. Is that one moderately priced?|Yes, it is moderately priced. Would you like more information about it or assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, could you please book it for 5 people for 2 nights? Also, could you provide the reference number when complete.|I will be happy to do so. On what day would you like to begin your stay?
I will be starting my stay on Thursday.|I've successfully booked your stay at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, your reference # is QYGLCINE. would you like directions?
Yes, directions please.|The hotel is located at 82 Arbury Road.  I will send directions to the hotel.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need to inquire about a train from Peterborough to Cambridge for Thursday. I need the travel time, departure time and price. Arriving by 13:00.|TR8431 leaving at 11:48 and arriving at 12:38 is the closest match. It costs 16.50 per person and will take 50 minutes. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the TR8431 train. Thank you!|How many tickets are needing to purchase?
Please book 5 tickets.|Alright. Train  TR8431 is booked for 5 people and the reference number is J2OOJ4QQ. May I help you with anything else?
That's everything that I need. You've been a great help. Thank you.|Great! Thank's or using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks so much! Goodbye.|Goodbye, and thanks for connecting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Can you help me find a museum?|Certainly! There are 23 great museums to visit. Are you looking for a specific area of town?
Not really. Which is your favorite?|My favorite is the Williams Art and Antiques. They are in the centre of town and offer free entrance. Would you like more information on it?
Yes adress and phone number please|The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, phone number is 01223311687. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Thursday.|Where are you leaving from? Is there a specific arrival or departure time that you need?
I am leaving from Broxbourne and should arrive by 21:30|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
no book  for 4 people and get the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D06EZBWG.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I will need. Thank you.|Have a good trip!
I need to find a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 09:15.|I can help you with that. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|Perfect, I have train TR1472 that meets your criteria, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Book it for 3 people.|Sure. Your train is booked. The fee will be 30.29 GBP and your reference number is 7FGDRE1Q.
I need to find a place to stay as well. Can you help?|I need to know what you're looking for first.
I planning a trip to Cambridge toward the west side I would like information on the entertainment in this part of the town .|We have Whale of a Time in the west. Would you like any information on this attraction?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately I do not have access to that info.
That is unfortunate. Could you provide me with their phone number so I can ask them myself?|Not a problem! You can call them at 01954781018! Sorry about that!
It's alright. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge. I'm trying to get to Stansted Airport by 08:30.|There are three possible trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to depart at 05:40, 06:40, or 07:40?
It doesn't matter. Let's take the 5:40.|Perfect. Just one ticket? The cost will be 10.10 pounds.
I actually need 8, I'm taking my family with me.|Booking was successful for TR7966, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your eference number is : NT1R53H8. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|I'm glad I could be of service, have a good day.
You, too! Goodbye!|Goodbye and hope to see you again.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 9:15 going to Ely? Thanks.|Yes, there are many. Where are you departing from?
I am departing out of Cambridge. I really do need to leave sometime after 21:15 for sure.|There are 14 trains available. What day will you be leaving?
I'm leaving on Saturday.|I have two on Saturday. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I need 6 tickets.|I have booked 6 seats for you on saturday.  Would you like some restaurant suggestions in ely?
Thank you. I also need a hotel.|Where would you like to stay on your trip?
First, can you give me my reference number for the train?|Yes, the Train ID is TR7738.
Thank you. I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I'd love to help you with that. There are so many hotel options in the area. Can you help me narrow it down a bit? Area? Price range, etc.?
I would like a place like a guesthouse that has at least 4 stars.|We have 16 possible guesthouse matches with parking and internet.  What price range are you interested in?
Sorry can we go back to the train for a moment?  I need the reference number, not the train ID for my booking.|Your reference number is  DALA684J
Back to the guesthouse now ... what is the price range for your favorite one?|the arbury lodge guesthouse is quite nice. It's cheap too.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Are there any restaurants on the West that serve turkish food? I want some.|sorry, nothing in that area. a different location?
same location but I want Indian food now. Yummy.|I have 6 places that serve indian. 5 are expensive and one is moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Yeah, could you give me the address and phone number for the moderately priced restaurant?|It is called Meghna. Their address is 205 Victoria Road, Chesterton, CB43LF.
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 19:15.|There are a few options of trains that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day of travel, or arrival time?
I need to get to Bishops Stortford on Friday.|I have found 3 trains available arriving at 20:07 and 24:07.  When would you like to arrive?
Either one will do.  What's the price and train id.|Train TR3547 will arrive at 24.07 the price is 10.10 pounds
Thank you. That's all I need right now.|okay let us know if you need anything else.
I'm all set.  Thanks for everything. Bye.|Ok have a great day!
Hi, I need a train from stansted airport that arrives by 14:30. Can you help?|I sure can help with that!  Can you please tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes I will traveling to Cambridge and want to arrive by 14:30.|TR3659 arrives at 05:52
Could you please tell me the price and travel time of that train?|Sure, price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I need a hotel that is 4 star and of moderate price.|I have about 11 different options. All are guesthouses. Do you have a preference on area so that we can narrow it down?
I would like a hotel to the north that is a guesthouse, please.|I show 7 guesthouses that match your criteria.  Might I suggest acorn guesthouse.  They have free parking and internet.  Phone number is 0122353888.
Can you reserve us some rooms? We're a party of 8 and we'd like to stay 3 nights, starting Sunday. Can you check that the train is also on Sunday?|I've successfully booked your rooms, and your reference number is D4TV4G4T.
Thank you,  That was all I needed|Have a nice stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.|I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Well, I am here to help, but I need to know what you want me to look for.
Pardon my mistake, my migranes make my head a little foggy at times, can you help me find an expensive chinese place to eat at?|I found 9 great choices. Is there a specific area of town you want to be in?
It doesn't matter. I trust your judgment.  I need a reservation for friday.|Okay, how about ugly duckling?
That sounds great.  Can you book a table for 5 at 13:15?|Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 3FF42HU1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The train should leave after 13:15 and should leave on saturday.
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to leicester. book for same number of people|There is a 13:21 that would get you there by 15:06.  How does that sound?
Great. Can you book for five people and give me the reference number for that?|I have that booked for you with a reference number of 1XMFVN8T. Is there anything else I can do for you to make your trip as easy as possible?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Ok. Take care have a nice day.
I need to book a train for 8:45 to go to london kings crossing.|What day are you planning to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday.|I'm sorry I dont' have any trains for that day. Would you like to leave at a different time?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|The earliest train I have is at 09:00.  Is that ok?
That's fine. Can you give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID please?|TR2000 takes 51 minutes to arrive at by 9:51. Would you like me to reserve this for you?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre, and have a great day!
I am wondering if you have any information on a place called Gallery at Twelve a high street?|Yes, I do. They are a museum located in the east of town. They offer free admission. Their address is on Fulbourn. Did you need any additional information?
No thank you. That is great. Thank you!|Glad I could help!
Are there any trains that travel from Cambridge to Stevenage?|Yes! There are a lot, actually. When would you like to take the train?
I would like the train to leave on Saturday after 14:15.|The train TR8813 leaves cambridge on Saturday at 15:21 and arrives at 16:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book that for 7 people.|Ok it has been booked the total fee is 1.68 GBP and reference number is L192G86J
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be it. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a hotel to stay at with a 4 star rating but also in the cheaper price range? Thanks.|I have 8 options for you. What area are you looking for?
What places are in the south?|There is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south that has free parking and internet, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for one person for 4 nights starting Friday please.|I booked you a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 nights starting Friday. Your reference is V0HUXEUZ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that will do.|Well, thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'd like a train leaving from Norwich and arriving by 17:15, please.|Certainly!  First, can you confirm the day you are traveling and the destination you are traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on Saturday.|Sure how many tickets? First train leaves at 05:16 and the last 09:16. Do you have specific time in mind?
The train should depart from norwich and should arrive by 17:15. for 4 people|How about TR1156, it will depart Norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in Cambridge at 16:35? Does this work for your schedule?
That should work, can I please get a reference number? Also, I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range that is 4 stars.|Booked!  fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: G5DHGHZV. Also do you have an area preference for the hotel?
No, but I would prefer a guest house.|We have 33 total entries that match you criteria, location varying from north, south, and east.  Would you like any more information on them?
Just any moderate guest house with 4 stars that you recommend.  I need it for 3 nights for my group.  For the same day we are traveling.|I've booked your group rooms at the Acorn Guesthouse for Saturday, staying 3 nights. Reference number is 8Y6XQ1PM. Need anything else today?
No that was all thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Yes, I was wondering if you could assist me in finding a train for Monday.|There are 2828 trains available Monday. Where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.|There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred time that you would like to arrive by?
Yes, I need to leave after 17:30, please. I don't need tickets right now, I'll just need the price, travel time, and train ID.|Of course! The best option is the TR7092 leaving at 17:59 with a duration of 88 minutes. The price is 16.60 pounds. How else may I assist you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay with free parking; I'm planning to rent a car during my stay.|I have found 29 hotels that fit your criteria for parking. What price range are you looking for?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is in the south.|There are three guesthouses in the south with free parking in the moderate and cheap price ranges. Do you have a star or price range preference?
Not really. Would you see if the highest rated, least expensive guesthouse has rooms for 5 nights for 6 people, beginning Wednesday?|I was able to book Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for you for 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. The reference number is RTITW2L5.
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need today.|It was my pleasure to help. You have a great day. Goodbye.
i am looking for a train that leaves on thursday and arrives by 09:15|Where are you departing from, please?
I am leaving from Cambridge where I am now.|What is your destination?
I'm going to london liverpool street.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : XFCGPXHA.
Thank you, that's all I need. good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I need a train departing Cambridge and arriving by 08:00.|What is your destination and your departure day and time?
I would like to travel on Monday and arrive in Kings Lynn. It does not matter what time I depart.|Alright, you have three options: leaving at 5:11, 6:11, or 7:11. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes. I would like to book the 5:11. I also need the train ID and travel time.|No problem. It's 47 minutes long and the train ID is TR7964.
I'd also like to find a place to stay. Four stars, please, and on the west side of town.|Let me see. I have three options available, two are cheap and one is expensive. They all include free internet and parking.
Are any of them guesthouses?|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse with free internet and parking.  Would you like to book it?
Sure, I'll need it for 2 people, 2 nights, starting Saturday.|OK, you're booked for 2 nights at Finches, starting on Saturday. Reference #0XOCDLH2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, I have all I need.|Great, I'm glad you were able to get everything you needed. Call us again!
I'd like some information on a train going to bishops stortford departing from Cambridge.|What day and time are you leaving Cambridge?
I'm leaving after 18:45 on thursday.|TR1339 is leaving  at 23:29 and it is priced at 10.10pounds. can i book?
What is the arrival time?|TR1339 arrives at 24:07 and takes 38 minutes to arrive there.
Thank you.  I will also need to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food and should be in the expensive price range.|La Mimosa is a great expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
No I would just like their telephone number please.|Of course. Their telephone number is 01223362525. Would you like any more information?
Can I get their address please?|Sure, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
nope. i think that is all. enjoy your day and stay out of the rain. bye|You have a great day, too. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
Hello there! I need a train from stansted airport to cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
The train should leave after 08:15 and should leave on sunday|There are 16 trains that travel during that time frame, do you have a specific time you'd like to arrive?
The earliest is better. Can you tell me what time it will arrive and the price?|Arrival time is at 08:52 and the cost is 8.08 GBP. Can I get a ticket for you?
I guess that is alright. Please book me.|The booking was successful your reference number is TJFPD155.
Can you also help me find an attraction on the west side of town?|Would you like visit Clare College? The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Is that on the west side? If so then yes, I would like to also get a phone number for that attraction.|Clare College is in the west, their phone number is 01223333200. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Then you have a great trip. Thank you.
I need some lodging accommodations. It needs to have free parking and Internet please!|I found 29 hotels matching your request.  What price range and area of town would you prefer?
I would like someone to book me a place with free parking and internet.|acorn guest house is located in 154 chesterton road should i book it for you?
Does it have four stars?|Yes it does. Shall I book?
Yes. Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|I've booked your stay at the Acorn Guest House, and your reference number is IT07BRTC.
Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a train going to Ely?|Do you know what day or time you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after 18:00.|TR5511 leaves Cambridge for Ely at 20.07.  Do you need tickets?
Not yet, but can you tell me what time the train arrives in Ely please?|It arrives by 20:07! Anything else love?
What is the total travel time on that time?|The trip will last 17 minutes. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That should do it. Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a pricy restaurant in the city centre|I found you a British restaurant called Midsummer House Restaurant that is located in midsummer common how does that sound?
Does this restaurant serve european food?|It does not. For European food in the same area and price range, how about the Michaelhouse Cafe? It is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Okay. Great. Can you book me a reservation there for 5 people at 16:15 for this Monday? Also I will need a reference number.|Alright, you have been booked at the Michaelhouse Cafe for Monday, 16:15, party of 5. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 0W78O9VD.
Thanks. I will also need take a train from london kings cross station that same day. What time do they leave?|I have them leaving from 5:17 in the morning for every two hours until 24:08 in the evening. The journey is approximately 51 minutes. Would you like me to book you on the 11:17 or 13:17?
I need to arrive by 13:30, so let's book the 11:17, please.|How many people would you like to book it for?
5 people|Yes I will get that taken care of for you. Anything else i can do for you today?
I need the train ID, please.|The train ID for the 11:17 on Monday to London Kings Cross is TR5720. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all that I'm looking for, thank for the help!|You are most welcome!
I'm looking for places in the centre of town to go to.|We have 44 listings for the centre of town.  Do prefer a particular attraction type?
I'm not really sure, can you tell me about some of them? And can you let me know their postcodes too please?|There is the Cambridge Punter which is boats and the poast code is cb41as and there is the vue cinema, postcode cb11ps.  Do either work for you?
I am not sure at the moment but I will keep them both in mind. I also need to book a train leaving on Monday.|I would be happy to help with your request, but I will need more information first. What is your destination and day of travel?
I'm going from cambridge to bishops stortford Monday and need to arrive by 14:00.|We have several trains matching that criteria, do you have a departure time?
I don't mind departure time so much. But I would like to arrive as close to 14:00 as possible. So whatever departure time that is.|How many people will be travelling with you?
It'll only be me. Can I get the price, train ID, and departure time as well?|Train TR6110 leaves at 13:00 and arrives at 13:51. It is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be fine.|Okay, I have booked one ticket on TR6110, leaving at 13:00. The Reference number is I0AKM39A. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed for today. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive range.|Actually we don't show an expensive guesthouse in the database.  What area are you interested in?  Can I interest you in an expensive hotel?
Yes. I would like a hotel with free parking.|I do not show any results meeting that criteria. Would you be interested in a 4 star hotel instead?
no thanks, what about something in the moderate range?|My apologies.  We actually have several expensive hotels with free parking.  For example, the Gonville Hotel is in city centre and has free parking.
That would be fine can you give me the address, postcode and phone number please?|The address is gonville place	and the postcode is cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223366611
Great, thanks. I need a train as well - it needs to leave on friday after 17:45.|Where will you be departing and what is your destination?
I'd like to leave on friday after 17:45. From birmingham new street going to cambridge|The TR8903 departs at 18:40 and arrives at 21:23.
Please book it for 4 people.|You and your party are booked on TR8903. Your reference number is TGU3C02J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be everything today.|Thank you for contacting us, if you need further assistance do not hesitate to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
You to, thanks for the help!|Thank you. Good bye.
I need some tacos! Can you help me find a Mexican restaurant on the south side of the city?|Yes, I found Chiquito Restaurant.   It is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry .  Phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you very much for the information!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 20:30.|Where are you headed to and what day would you like to travel?
peterborough and I need to leave on Saturday after 20:30|Sure, TR4928 leaves Cambridge at 21:06.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Book it for 4 people, yes. I need the reference number too.|I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is 3E8ZH4KO. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it thank you.|You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for the Fitzwilliam Museum.|I'd be happy to give you more information on the Fitzwilliam Museum.  The address is trumpington street.  Do you need any additional information for this attraction?
Could you give me the exact postcode for the museum, please?|I sure can!  The postcode is cb21rb.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I am leaving from Broxbourne.|Train TR5570 is what you're looking for!
Ok, great!  Thank you very much for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all! Thank you so much!|You're welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the east.|great, i have three options for you.
If it helps, I do not have to have internet. Please tell me my options.|Allenbell is available, would that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please, for 5 people on saturday.|How many nights will you be staying?
5 nights, and I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TJLZZC10. Will there be anything else today?
I also need a train to Peterborough.|Can you please give me the departure point, the day and time you want to leave?
I'm leaving Cambridge on Thursday and need to be in peterborough by 21:45.|How about TR2178? It arrives 21:24.
That's good. Could you please tell me the price and departure time?|The price is 16.50 pounds. Departure time is at 20:34. Would you like me to books seats for you?
no, thanks for your help though!|you are welcome, any time.
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, one that is inexpensive.|Bedouin on 100 Mill Road City Centre is available.  It serves African food.  Would you like a reservation?
Is there a restaurant that serves Tuscan food?|I'm sorry, but I don't show any Tuscan restaurants.
Can you try Chinese?|We have 6 inexpensive Chinese restaurants in this area.  So that I can narrow down the choice are you looking for the cheap price range or moderately priced?
I'm sorry, I would actually like to find a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.|Sure thing I would suggest la mimosa
is it a cheap place?|La Mimosa is not cheap, but The Gardenia is. Would you like a table there?
yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y93ZZAHM. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a train leaving cambridge and going to ely on Tuesday as well.|at what time do you want to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 08:00.|Please confirm you are traveling from cambridge and going to ely. Also, confirm if you want to leave Cambridge at 08:00 or arrive in ely at 08:00.
that is right, please get me the booking.|Your Train ID is TR1534 and the price is 4.40 pounds per person.
Can i get the reference number please?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 7 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 25ILDP20.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thank you so much for your help.|i am happy i have been of help to you. great day
I am looking for a hotel to stay in with a 4 star rating that is in a guesthouse style.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Does that include free wifi?|They do indeed provide complimentary Internet access. Would you like to make a reservation?
Just one more question:  Is it in the moderate prince range?  If so, please give me their address.  If not, I need something moderately priced.|Yes, it is. It's located on 154 chesterton road, cb41da. Would you like a room?
No thanks. Not at this time. I would appreciate some help finding a train to get me to Ely though.|Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and on what day and time?
I would like to leave after 15:15 on Thursday.|We have a train departing Cambridge at 15:50, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes that works great. Can you book 2 tickets for that train and give me the reference number?|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0BMD920.
Great. That's all I needed. Thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
Hey any ideals for a cheap chines restaurant ?|Charlie Chan is a good one. Would you like me to book it?
Is that one in the south? That's the area I'll be in.|Charlie Chan is in the Centre.  How about the lucky star?  It's in the south.
Sure that sounds good can  get a booking for 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.|Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked at 11:30 Sunday.  The reference number is A57HXG6M.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I also need train tickets for Sunday.|Where will you travel to and from?
I'll be travelling from norwich to cambridge.|We have 19 trains that day starting at 5:16 and going by the hour, any preferred time range?
Anytime after 6 would be good thank you|There is a train leaving at 6:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
I need to be in Cambridge by 8:45. Can you book a train for that will arrive close to 8:45? Thanks.|i have train tr4202 that will arrive in cambridge by 08:35. how many tickets do you need?
There are six of us.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 84.48 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : WPGYOY1Y.
Thanks for taking care of everything so quickly. Have a great afternoon! Bye.|Your welcome. I am glad I was able to help.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am interested in local restaurants.|We have over 110 restaurants to choose from.  Can you tell me what your pricerange and/or style of food might be to narrow it down?
I am looking for a train.|they are so many. if you can tell us were you are going and day we can help
I need to go to kings lynn on thursday.|When do you need to be in Kings Lynn on Thursday?  I have 19 trains with a variety of departure times that may work for you.
I need a 5:00 pm departure time thank you|There is no 5:00 train from cambridge to kings lynn on thursday, but there is TR7239 that leaves at 5:11. Would that work?
Yes, can I have the train ID and travel time, please?|TR7239 departs from Cambridge at 5:11 on Thursday and arrives at Kings Lynn by 5:58. The duration of travel is 47 minutes. Do you need assistance booking it?
No need to book it, but I would like to find a gastropub restaurant in the east please.|the royal standard is located in that area. would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 7 at 11:15 on thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 1DX9H02O. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is all I need today.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
i am looking for a train going to birmingham new street and should leave on thursday|Where will you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge and want the train to arrive by 17:15.|Okay, what time do you want to leave?
It doesn't matter, just as long as it arrive by 17:15.|How about train TR5961?
tell me the price and travel time please|05:01	07:44	75.10 pounds	163 minutes there you go
Thank you for your help|You are welcome. Have a nice train ride.
Good afternoon, I need to make arrangements to leave Stevenage on Monday by train. Would you help me please?|What is your destination?
Cambridge is my destination|There are several options. What time would you like to depart?
I wish to leave sometime after 14:15.|How about TR5825?
thats still alright. give mee the reference number too please|How many tickets do you need, please? Is it one?
I need 2 tickets please.|The booking was successful, your reference number is 8C5GS6IL. The total fee will be 25.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome,have a nice day and a wonderful trip.
I need a train. The train should depart from ely and should leave on thursday.|I would be happy to assist you in finding a train!  Can you please advise where you will be traveling to?
Cambridge. I need to get there by 11:15.|I have 3 options to choose from: arrival times of 5:52, 7:52 and 9:52. Which do you prefer?
I will take 9:52|price is 4.40 pounds should i book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 8 tickets for me and pleases give me the reference number.|I was able to book 8 Train tickets for you at the cost of 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 27OF6EO3.
I'm also looking for information on the Whipple Museum of the History of Science.|Okay, it's a museum in the city centre.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That takes care of my needs today. Take care. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip!
I want to find places to go in the centre of town that are park type attractions.|I think that you will like cambridge university botanic gardens.  It's 4 pounds, may I book it for you?
Yes, that sounds good!  Please provide me with the postcode.|I'm sorry, we aren't able to book tickets for attractions, but their postcode is cb21jf, and I can provide their address and phone if you like?
No. That is all I need.  I would like help finding a train for Saturday though.  I need to leave after 15:45.|There are 172 trains that match your request so far so I need additional information. Where will you be leaving from and travelling to?
I'll be leaving from Norwich and heading to Cambridge.|I would suggest booking TR9724
As long as that leaves after 15:45, please book 8 tickets for me.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M8ER05M6. Will there be anything else today?
That will be all, thank you!|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Monday|I found 404 trains leaving on monday. Where are you departing from?
I am need to be in Cambridge by 11:30 departing from  Birmingham New Street|There are 6 trains available, would you like to book one that leaves at 7:40?
As long as I arrive by 11:30 that is fine, I will also need the travel time and price please.|Alright, I'll look at the train that arrives at 10:23, and leaves at 7:40. It costs 75.10 pounds, and it has a duration of 163 minutes. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a college.|How about Christ's college in the Centre at Saint Andrew's street? Admission is free.
That'll be fine. What is the entrance fee, address, and postcode for that?|Sure, the postcode is cb23bu, the address is Saint Andrew's Street and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help, have a great day.|You are very welcome! Have a good day now!
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good day! Bye!
I need to get to cambridge on friday.|There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge, what is your starting destination?
I need a train that departs from stevenage on Friday. It should arrive in Cambridge by 11:00|Certainly, the train that arrives right before 11 is TR2860 arrives by 10:43. Shall I book it, if so how many riders will there be?
What is the departure and travel time please?|It departs at 9:54 and arrives at 10:43. That gives you about 15 minutes to spare. Is that alright?
Yes. I also need a place to stay please.|i have 33 hotels, what area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like something moderate priced that includes wifi.|That leave us with 17 choices. Do you care whether it's a normal hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like it to be a guesthouse please.|The acorn guest house fits your criteria as well as includes free parking - would you like me to book for you?
Yes I will need that for 2 people for 5 nights for Friday please. I also need the reference number.|Booking was successful for your stay at acorn guest house starting Friday. Your reference number is : 8IGOI38R.  Is any further assistance needed?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|Fantastic! Have a lovely visit! Goodbye!
I have a trip on wednesday and I need a train that departs from birmingham new street.|there are many that day. can you specify your  destination?
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on wednesday.
The train should leave after 10:15 and should go to cambridge|TR7940 leaves at 10:40.  Would you like me to book some seats for you?
Yes, please book two seats for me at 10:40. What time will it arrive in Cambridge?|You will arrive by 13:23.  I have 2 seats booked for you, and the reference number is RBQLUN8O.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the price for the train that leaves at 10:40 for one and the arrival time.|The price is 75.10 per ticket and arrives at 13:23
Thanks so much.  Could I bother you to help me find an expensive Chinese restaurant?|We have several. What part of town would you like it in?
No preference. But please make sure I get the address.|i recommend a place called Hakka. they are located on milton road chesterton.
That is perfect. Thank you that's all I needed today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for attractions in Cambridge regarding sports.|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports facility in the east.  Would you like their phone number?
No, it needs be in the west. Any other museum's are located in the west please?|There are 7 museums in the west, would you prefer one that is free or one with an entrance fee?
I'll take one with an entrance fee, and I'll need the postcode, and phone number please.|There is only one museum with an entrance fee is the west, it is the Cambridge and Country Folk Museum, postcode cb30aq, number is 01223355159. Anything else today?
Yes, I am a looking for a train that departs from peterborough and goes to cambridge.|Alright, you have quite a few options. What day are you planning to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should leave after 18:45.|There is one leaving at 18:48 TR1477
Thank you have a wonderful day.|You're very welcome, but before you go, would you like me to book the train for you?
No thank you. I don't think I want to book the train at this time.|Okay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a nice day.
I need a Tuesday train to from Peterbourough.|If your are going to cambridge the first train leaves at 05:19 and the last at 07:19, any particular time and how many tickets please?
I need one ticket please and for leaving at 16:15,thank you.|Let me confirm this information:  Are you leaving from Peterborough at around 16:15 and going to Cambridge on Tuesday?
Yes, that's mostly right, but it should be after 16:15, please.|There's a train, TR5267, which leaves Peterborough at 16:19, arr. Cambridge 17:09. It's 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for one person and provide the reference number.|All booked. Your reference number is LBUHU6M3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me book a hotel called el shaddai?|What day would you like to stay at the el shaddai?
Right now I just need their phone number and to know if they have internet or not please.|Sure they do have internet and their phone number is 01223327978.
Thank you! That's all for me. Goodbye!|Glad I could help. Let me know if there's ever anything else you need.
I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge on sunday.|I can help with that. What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to go to stevenage by 14:00.|You can take train TR8464 to arrive there in time.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FCZJMTAI.
I am also looking for a place to stay.|I'll be glad to help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
Somewhere in the north, with 4 stars, free parking, and expensive.|i don't have anything that fits those criteria, would you like me to look for something else?
Can you try those same things but in the moderate price range?|That bring sup six results, I recommend the home from home guesthouse, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, could I book one for 4 nights starting from Wednesday?|Sure! For how many people?
2 people and 1 dog|Your room has been booked. Your reference number HPLM0SM6.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Not a problem. You have a great day, as well!
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|I found 44 different attractions near that location, is there something specific you're looking for?
No, not really. What's your favorite thing to do in the centre of town?|My favorite thing to do is look at the architecture at Holy Trinity Church.  It's located on Market Street and it's free to get in.  Does this work?
Yes And I would like to find a train that arrives by 13:00 going to Kings Lynn.|Okay what day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.|I have a train to Kings Lynn that arrives at 12:58.
Perfect! I would like to book it for 4 people.|Would you like me to book it now?
Yes please book it for 4 people and give me the reference number.|I will work on getting that booked and be right back with you.
Okay can I get the reference number?|I was able to book it, reference number is XYAQ9XA4.
Thank you. That is all I am inquiring about today.|Thank you. Let me know if I can help again.
Hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. I would also like the train to go to peterborough.|Ok, I have 38 trains heading to Peterborough on Sunday. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 15:00.|Sure, there are plenty of trains that you could take.  The first is at 15:34, then 16:06, and there are many more.  Is there a time that's best?
The 15:34 sounds perfect. Could you book me tickets for 2?|I have booked 2 seats on TR4558.  The cost is 13.20 pounds.  Train leaves cambridge sunday at 16:06.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you, I also need to find a room.|Is there a specific area you'd like me to search?
No, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. I would like it to be a 2 star hotel.|There are 3 matches for your preferences. I recommend Ashley Hotel.
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday. I'll need a reference number.|Ok.  The booking was successful and your reference number is PFMOZLXC.
Thanks, that takes care of all my needs for today. Bye!|Great, it was a pleasure assisting you! Goodbye!
I'm in the city centre right now, and I'm really craving some Indian food. Can you help me find a place?|I can recommend several options, but it depends upon the price range you are looking for?
I'm looking for some good, cheap food.|There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants in the city centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Do any of these sound good?
Yes, wonderful book a table for 4 on 18:45 thursday at any one of those places.|They are all booked for that time frame. Would you like to try a different time?
Can you try 17:45?|Your booking was successful at the kohinoor for thursday at 17:45. May I help you with anything else today?
Can I please get the reference number?|That would be T91T1IMX. What else can I help you with?
Thanks.  I also need to find a train going to Cambridge on Thursday.  I need to arrive by 9:15.|Sure, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from  broxbourne|I have the TR5496 arriving by 08:32. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I only need the train's departure time and travel time.|Okay. The TR5496 leaves Broxbourne at 07:32 and travels for 60 minutes, arriving in Cambridge at 08:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you verify that the train is departing on Thursday?|Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a nice night. Goodbye.|Good night to you too, and goodbye.
Yes, I am looking for a place to eat. Can you help me?|Yes, we have over a hundred restaurants here in Cambridge, I'm sure we'll find one you'll like. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Let's find me a place that serves expensive european food.|Eraina serves expensive european food.
Can I have their address and phone number?|The address for Eraina is Free School Lane City Centre. The phone number is 01223368786. Would you like any other information?
I'm also looking to book some train tickets for Thursday. I need to leave Cambridge and arrive in Leicaster by 09:15.|Then you'll want to take TR0025, departing Cambridge at 07:21 and arriving in Leicester at 09:06. How many tickets do you need?
I will need tickets for 2 people.|I have booked 2 tickets for Thursday. You depart Cambridge at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06. Your reference number is K4888RU4. Can I help with anything else?
Yay, thank you!|Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thank you for your help.|No problem!  Have a great trip!
I would like to know the names of some good local restaurants.  Could you tell me where to find a train?  The train should arrive by 20:15.|Sure, what is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|I have several trains going to cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm actually departing from cambridge and going to london kings cross.|train ID TR8676 leaves for London Kings Cross on Wednesday 19: 00 and arrives at 19:51, will that be fine?
That sounds perfect, please book 1 ticket for me, and can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4CTSEFMG.
I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant.|I see that there are several restaurants in the moderate price range, what type of food are you looking for?
Any suggestions for entertainment?|Is there a certain area you're looking at?
Yes, I'm looking for something close to the center of town.|I'm not finding anything close to the centre of town.  Is there another area you'd like me to check for you?
Is there a college in the centre area that you could give me more information on?|There are several, what would you like to know?
Which one would you recommend for me to visit as a tourist? I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number for it.|I highly recommend downing college. It's free! The postcode is cb21dq and the phone number is 01223334860.
sweet, brah. i'm also looking to book a train.|Okay brah where you leaving from?
I will be leaving after 8:15 from london kings cross.|We have many trains available that are leaving london kings cross after 8:15. What is the location of your destination? Which day would you like to leave on?
I will travel in Tuesday. Arrival is not important.|TR5886 leaves at 09:17, price is 23.60 pounds a person, do you want me to book you?
Thank you. Yes I would really love for you to book the train for 2 people.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is IADFZDHY.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I'll be needing! Bye bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
My best friend told me about a great place they stayed at. It was called Finches Bed and Breakfast. Can you tell me a little about that place?|I would be happy to get you that information. It's a guest house located in the west area of town. What else would you like to know?
I think I am ready to book. Can you get me a booking for 8 people for 4 nights, starting from Sunday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PEA9MNU6. Will that be all for today?
Actually, I need some information on a train heading into Cambridge.|Where will you be traveling from?
I want to leave Bishops Stortford and arrive in Cambridge by 12:00, please.|TR2061 arrives by 06:07. Will that do?
Yes please book that for 8 people and provide me with the reference number.|Okay, you're all set. I've booked your trip on train TR2061. The total cost is 80.8 GBP, payable at the station, and the reference number is HI5QN7N7.
Thank you so much!  You're very helpful and I appreciate all your work.  I'm looking forward to this trip!|Do you need a taxi to or from anywhere?
nope, leave me alone now please|Okay, well have a great day.
Thank you! Bye!|I'm glad I could help you today.  Good bye.
Looking for a train that leaves from london liverpool street and goes to cambridge|What day and time are you planning to leave?
I would like to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.|TR5691 departs at 11:39. Will that work for your needs?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book that for one person.|I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is RP24CQ0D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a museum in the area of west.|There are 7 musuems located in the west. If you are interested in books, I would suggest the cambridge book and print gallery.
Can you give me the phone number and address?|Sure. They are located at 49 newnham road	and you can reach them at 01223694264.
Do you know if they have an entrance fee?|They are free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need help with at the moment. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Have a great time, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hello! I'm looking for a train arriving at Cambridge that would leave after 13:15.|There are many trains heading to cambridge after 13:15 where do you want to depart from?
Sorry, I need to leave from Broxbourne on Friday.|There are several options, the first one leaving at 13:32.  It is a 60 minute trip.  Can I reserve seats for you?
Can I get the train ID?|Sure thing! It is TR7015
Thank you for your help, I am also looking for a restaurant that serves African food in the moderate price range, can you help?|I am sorry but I do not have an African restaurants. Is there a different type of cuisine I could try?
Do you have any African restaurants in the east in any price range?|There is a restaurant called Bedouin that serves African foods. They are in expensive price range, located in the centre. Can I book a table for you?
I actually would like one in the moderate price range.|I apologize. I have double-checked and there are no African restaurants in the moderate price range. Is there another type of restaurant you would be interested in?
How about one that has Indian food?|I have the Curry Prince moderately priced in the east.  Would you like to book it?
Yes please and I need the postcode and address.|The post code iscb58jj	and their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Please give me details of your party and what time and day you'll be visiting.
Oh, I don't need a reservation. I just needed their information so I can go by. Thank you. Have a good day. Goodbye.|You've very welcome. Good day.
I need a place to stay while I'm in Cambridge. Can you recommend some place in the centre of town?|Sure, do you have a specific price range in mind?
in the moderate price range please with free parking|I'm sorry, the only moderately priced hotel does not have free parking. However, there is a 4 star inexpensive hotel that has both free wifi and parking?
How about one in the north area?|There are 7 guest houses and 2 hotels that are in the north in the moderate price range.  Do you have a preference for type or number of stars?
I'll take the first one you have listed, and I need to know the star rating, phone number, and postcode please.|The acorn guest house meets your criteria.  It is 4 stars, phone number 0122335388, and postcode is cb41da.  Shall I book a room for you?
No I just needed that information. I am also looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge.|Ok, and what day would you be traveling?
Sunday, thank you.|What time would you like to depart Peterborough?
I want to leave after 11:45.|Train TR9345 leaves at 12:19 and arrives at 13:09. Would you like to book it?
Not right now, but I do need the travel time and fare, please.|The travel time is 50 minutes and the fare is 13.20 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That was all, thank you for your help today!|You are very welcome! Have a safe travel!
Thank you for you help>|Not a problem at all.
I want to find places to go in town, specifically college attractions.|There are multiple colleges to visit. Would you like a list of them and locations?
What would your best recommendation be for one?|I would recommend christ's college in the centre.
That sounds good. May I have the phone number and postcode?|yes adress and phone number please
I'd really like to get the number for the Yippee Noodle Bar restaurant if you please?|Sure the number is 01223518111
Ok, I would like to book a table for 4 at 13:15 on Monday if possible?|I'm sorry but a table isn't available at that time or day. Would you like another time?
Hmm.. how about 12:15?|I have booked a table for 4 at 12:15 on Monday. Your reference number is YYS0SW42.
I would also like a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:45.|Okay, I've located a train departing Peterborough and arriving at 09:38. How many train tickets do you want?
The train needs to depart from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge.|There is a train leaving Kings Lynn at 08:11 arriving at 08:58 in Cambridge. Do you want me to make a reservation?
No, just tell me the price.|The price is 9.80 pounds, payable at the station. How else can I help you?
That should be all thank you|Alright. If you think of anything else you may need feel free to contact me. Have a good day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What kind of information were you looking for?
I would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. It must include free wifi. But I'm cheap as all get out, so nothing too pricey.|I have a few that match, do you have a location preference?
The area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 4 nights.|That shouldn't be a problem. What day would you like to begin your stay?
from Thursday.|alexander bed and breakfast would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
It'll be very good if you can include alexander bed and breakfast but need to be in a reasonable price.|alexander bed and breakfast is ideal for you.
Can you help me to locate a free attraction near the hotel?|There are many in the centre of town,what type are you looking for a church,or swimming or a park ?
Hi, I need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|I have 202 trains traveling to cambridge on Sunday. Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to arrive?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street after 14:45.|There is a train at 15:39 and several others every two hours after that.  Can I book a seat for you?
please book me on the 15:39 train.|Will you needing more than one ticket?  The cost per seat is 13.28 pounds.
No, just one ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Your Reference number is 33Z0FMIQ.
Great. Can you also help me find out about a restaurant called charlie chan?|Charlie Chan's address is Regent Street City Centre and the number is 01223361763.
Could you please make a reservation on Sunday for 7 people at 21:00?  I would like a reference number.|Unfortunately, the restaurant is already booked at that time. Is there another day or time you would like to go?
How about 20:00?|Your booking is complete. Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is NCQJQGNE. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help|Okay thank you for calling.
Hello, I am looking for a place called the broughton house gallery. Can you help me?|Yes, I am familiar with it. It's located in the centre of the city on 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
Yes, can you tell me what type of attraction it is and whether or not there is an entrance fee?|Certainly. The Broughton House Gallery is a museum, and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for the information.  I also need a train that goes to Cambridge leaving Sunday.|What time would you like to leave by
I am looking for information in Cambridge|There's a lot to do in Cambridge. Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like more information on?
Museum and I need postcode adress and entrance fee please|Cambridge Artworks is a great museum! The address is 5 Greens Road. The postcode is cb12ef. It's also free to enter.
I'm also looking for a train to london liverpool.|what time is best for you?
Is Cambridge Artworks in the center of town? I have get to liverpool station by 11:30 on Saturday.|No the museum is in the east, do you want an attraction in the center instead? What station will you be departing from?
Yes I'd rather find one in the centre, a museum. I just need the entrance fee and the address.|no such attractions in the north
I need a museum to visit in he centre.|There is no museums in the centre. Can I help you with anything else
Could you check again. A museum in the centre.|The Museum of Archeology and Anthropology is located in the center. Would you like more information?
I need the entrance fee and address please.|admission is free and it's located at university of cambridge, downing street
Do I need tickets?|I don't think you do but it's not in the database. Would you like the number so you can check before you go?
That's alright. But now what I do ned is to find a train from cambridge going to london liverpool street. Could you help me?|sure why not?
I need to arrive by 11:30. Are there any train that has arrival by that time?|Train is TR1887 arrives at 11:27. Shall I book it ?
Can you just tell me the travel time and departure time for the TR1887 please?|Of course. The departure time is 9:59. The duration of the trip is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.|If we can be of further assistance, please contact us again. Thank you. Good-bye.
I want a train leaving after 09:00.|There are several at that time. Do you have a destination in mind or a day you want to travel?
I'd like to depart from london kings cross going to cambridge after 09:30|Yes I have many trains but I need the day you want to travel.
I would like the train to leave after 9:30 on Saturday, can I also have the price, arrival time, and train ID,please?|Train TR7195 leaves at 11:17 will this time work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you tell me what the arrival time is and the price please?|It will arrived by 12:08 and cost 23.60 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for information on the  cambridge arts theatre.|sue it is the center of town and the phone number is 01223503333 and the address is 6 saint edward's passage.
Thank you what about a restaurant?|Do you have a particular type in mind such as Chinese, Italian or Indian?
No,  I won't need the restaurant.  We'll be eating at a friends house.  Can you get the postcode for Cambridge Arts Theatre? What type of attraction is it?|Cambridge arts theatre attraction type is a theatre
Thanks. May I have the postcode and phone number, please?|The phone number is 	01223503333 and the post code is cb23pj. Can I help you with anythine else today?
no that is all|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'd like to find a train leaving from Ely to go to Cambridge, please.|What day will you travel?
I need to arrive by 11:45 on Saturday.|We have 3 trains, TR0554 leaves at 09:35 and arrives at 9:52, would you like me to book you a trip?
That fits my schedule, yes please reserve 6 tickets for us, and let me know the reference number when you have it.|Okay, your all set! Reference number is Z34WGFK7. Cost of the tickets are 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else today?
I also need to book a hotel as well, called the Lensfield hotel.|Sure, I can help you with that. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
A total of 6 people and for 2 nights starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, that day is not available or you would need a shorter stay is there anything else I could do instead?
Could you try one night instead of two?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : C52VRAL6. Anything else?
That is wonderful. I think I am all set for now. Goodbye for now.|Can I interest you in a place to eat while you're town?  We have many great restaurants.  If you need reservations please let us know.  Goodbye.
I need help with a train to Cambridge.|What station do you wish to leave from?
I want to leave from birminham new street on Thursday.|There are 19 trains departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, do you have a time preference in mind?
Yes, I need to leave Birmingham after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at that time.
Anytime after 18:30 will be fine, it doesn't have to be at that exact time.|the TR7285 leaves at 18:40 that day.
I would like to make reservations for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . the Reference number is : SU7BIOLW. is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! I'm also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Um... no, not really.|I found 10 Chinese restaurants in the Centre with various price ranges. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes! What place would you recommend?|jinling noodle bar is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range. It will suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes please. For 5 people on Thursday at 21:00. Can I get the reference number after you book it?|You are booked, the reference number is KA64ONYZ, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Good day.
I am coming to cambridge and heard about a bed and breakfast called finches.|It is a lovely guesthouse on the west end boasting cheap prices and a 4 star rating! Would you like their address or phone number perhaps?
I actually would like to book the hotel for 7 people starting on Tuesday for 3 nights.|I was able to book your party of 7 at Finches bed and breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 4R76GWVJ.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Can you also help me find a train on Fridya?|Of course. There are many available Friday. Where will you be traveling to and from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to norwich.|Is there a time you would like to arrive before?
Yes, I would like to arrive before 5:00 PM.|Train TR7747 leaves at 15:36 and arrives in Norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book you tickets?
I apologize, I actually need to leave after 16:30|No problem, but I'm afraid there are no trains leaving after 16:30 and arriving by 17:00. Might I suggest TR7047, which leaves Cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in Norwich by 17:55?
Yes, that sounds great. Please book that for me.|OK, the booking for successful. The total is 17.6 GBP and the reference number is MIMOPEN1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, no that will be all.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need a train from Stevenage that would leave after 10:45.|What day would you be traveling on? And where would you be heading to?
I would be travelling on Monday and heading TO Stevenage FROM Cambridge. I'm sorry, I stated that wrong the first time.|THere is a train that leaves at 11:21 and then trains that leave every two hours after that.  Does one of those sound best?
Yes, I would like to take the one at 11:21. Can you give me the train ID, travel time, and price for that train?|I have successfully booked a seat on TR6930.  The fee is 12.8 GBP and reference number is MWJYC3CD.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel.|can you give me more specifications on the hotel you need?
A guesthouse with free parking would be great.|How does the Allenbell sound? Would you like more information?
I need the hotel for 6 people, 3 nights starting Friday. I also need a reference number|We got that booked for you.  Your reference number is NBY8UOS8.
Thank you for your time.|You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No.  That is all. Thank you.|Have a wonderful trip.
I need a train from stansted airport to cambridge, please.|There are 133 trains that make that trip, do you have a day and time?
Yes. I need to leave on Sunday and arrive by 17:15.|I have train TR7744 that leaves the airport at 16:24 and will get you there by 16:52. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
How much is the ticket?|The tickets are 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book the train?
Not at the moment. Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I'm looking to try Eritrean food. Do you have a restaurant listing?|Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any. What about Sri Lankan food instead?
What do you have in the cheap price range?|There are over 20 restaurants in Cambridge that fall into the cheap price range. Did you want to try a different cuisine since there were no Eritrean locations?
Sure, can you find an nice Italian restaurant?|How about zizzi cambridge? They are on 47-53 Regent Street
Sure that sounds good. Would like that address please|zizzi cambridge address is 47-53 Regent Street and the post code is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train out of Cambridge on Thursday, please.|Where would you be going to?
I need to leave after 8:15 and go to London Kings Cross, please.|TR8636 leaves at 9:00 would you like me to book it for you?
No, but what is the travel time for that train ID?|Your travel time would be 51 minutes.  Would you like to book at ticket?
Nah that won't be necessary.|Is there anything else that I can assist with today?
I think that's everything I need right now. Thank you very much!|Great!  I hope you enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a train that leaves on monday from cambridge|Ok and what is your destination?
Norwich. I'd like to leave after 17:30|Okay, the TR6675 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please book that for 5 people.|Your train tickets are booked, please retain reference number: YVHR5SZJ and the fee for the tickets is 88GBP, which you will be required to pay at the station. Anything else today?
I need a restaurant that serves catalan food and it should be in the west.|Unfortunately, I'm not finding any Catalan restaurants in the west. Would you like me to look in other areas?
Is there another high-end restaurant in the west area that you can recommend?|Are you looking for expensive food?
Yes, please.|Cocum is an expensive restaurant on the west part of town serving Indian food. Would you like more information or reserve a table?
I don't really like Indian food. Are there any expensive british restaurants in the west?|Yes, I have 2.  The Graffiti and Traveller's Rest.  Do you know which you would prefer?
I don't really have a preference. Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend the Travellers rest.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, I would like a table.|What day and time will you want a table?
the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and I need the reference number|Your table is booked, ref#QMAI5KUQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
that's all thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 11:30.|Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?|The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.|We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria.  Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks|I would recommend the lensfield hotel. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?|How many people should I book this for?  What day?  How many days will you be staying?
Book it for 8 people and 4 nights. We will be checking in on Thursday.|ok, the booking was successful.
Reference number is : N9Y9Q569. can i help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.|Do you want to stay in a specific area of town? And would you be fine staying at a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in the centre of town. A guest house is fine.|It looks like we don't have anything moderately priced in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, how about the north?|we have quite a few when are you planning your stay?
Great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. There will be 2 in my party|I was able to book the acorn guesthouse for 3 nights for 2. Reference number is EAFYZ0VC. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888. Will you need anything else today?
Yes. I want to go from Cambridge to Peterborough by train.|There are 266 trains matching your query. What day will you be traveling?
I will travel Saturday after 17:45|Okay, I see 12 options here. Would you like me to reserve tickets for you?
Yes, please book the tickets and I need the reference number.|How many tickets will you need on this trip?
I will need 2 tickets please.|Okay, I reserved your tickets. The ref. is R9SEDNSD
Can I get the train ID and departure time for the one you chose?|The train id is TR7918 and it departs at 18:06. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thanks, that is all.|Your welcome. Have a lovely trip and day!
I need to find a train leaving Tuesday going to Ely please.|There are several trains to Ely on that day. Is there certain time that you need to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 14:45.|TR3420 will arrive at 14:07, would that work?
Yes, can I get the departure time and travel time on that one?|Yes the train leaves at 13:50 and the ride lasts 17 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for college to look around.|There are many to choose from,what area would you like to see one in?
Any area is fine. Can you give me the phone number and postcode of your favorite one?|Christ's College is in the city centre and is highly acclaimed. Their phone number is 01223334900 and they're in postcode cb23bu.
Awesome!  I guess that's all I need.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Yes, I am looking for a concert hall in the south.  Can you help me find one?|Sorry, the only concert hall in town is the man on the moon, in the centre. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
I would really like to stay in the south area.  Are there any entertainment attractions available in that area?|There is a cinema, two entertainment places, a museum, and a nightclub in the south.
The entertainment places sound fun. Could you provide me their postcodes?|Yes the postcode is cb17dy
Thank you for that.  Also, I need to book a train leaving from Cambridge.|I have several trains leaving from Cambridge.  What is your destination?
Sorry, I need to get to ely please.|ok what day
I need the train to leave on wednesday.|Do you have a preference for arrival time?
My preference is that it leaves Cambridge after 12:00, would that be possible?|Sure thing! The TR4346 departs from Cambridge at 13:50.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes if you can. I would like 6 tickets for that train.|Sure thing! I have booked six tickets for the train ID# TR4346 that departs from Cambridge at 13:50. Your reference number is ISIG3UQS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.  Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a hotel. It needs to be a three star and I don't need parking. Can you find me accommodations?|We have just the place! It is called alpha-milton guest house. Would you like to know further details?
Is that a guesthouse? I definitely prefer a guesthouse.|It is a guest house, sir. Would you like to make the accommodations?
Does the alpha-milton guest house have free wifi?|Unfortunately, it does not, are you still interested?
I suppose I will be alright without WiFi. Could I have the phone number, area, and price range please?|The phone is 0122331162 . The guest house is located at 63 milton road. For a price range I will need to know the dates you are looking at.
Is the guest house cheap, moderate or expensive?|The alpha-milton guest house is in the moderate price range, sir.
Is that the correct area? And I also need a train going to cambridge, it needs to leave after 12:30. It should leave wednesday and depart from bishops stortford|Yes it is in the area.  Train TR4226 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29.  Does this work for you?
Yes it does. Can I get the train ID, arrival time and the price.|The train ID is TR4226, the arrival time is 14:07, and the price would be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book you on this train?
No thank you. That is all I needed.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some information please. What can you tell me about Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is on Herschel Road and has free admission.
In what part of the city is Clare Hall, and what is the address?|It's in the west, it's address is herschel road postcode cb39al.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge form Stevenage, is there anything?|I have 70 trains departing Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge. Is there a particular date and time you would like to book?
Yes, on Thursday, arriving by around 17:45.|How about the TR1596 train? It leaves Stevenage at 15:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:43.
Can you tell me how long a ride that is? I always mess up the math when it crosses the hour.|The duration of that ride would be 49 minutes
Thank you for your help, I think I have gotten all of the information I need today.|You are very welcome. I hope you have a fantastic day!
I'm headed to broxbourne and need a train that leaves after 15:00|Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge.|On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on saturday.|Okay, the TR8522 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01 and is 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great! Can you book 2 tickets on that train, please?|Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is CRJ5BQKH. Your total fee is 28.64 GBP which you can pay at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant named efes restaurant.|Efes is a turkish restaurant in the city centre. It's in the moderate price range and the phone is 01223500005. Would you like me ot make a booking for you?
No that's okay.  I have 2 tickets  on TR8522 that leaves out of Cambridge  at 15:01 for 28.64 GBP reference number CRJ5BQKH.|Great.  Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.|Have a great day then.
Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.|Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after 9:15. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.|There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52.  How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.|Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I am looking for information on places to go in Cambridge.  Can you help with that?|I can help with that. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
What I'd really like is to find a swimmingpool.|Yes, there are 4 swimming pools that match those requirements. Is there a particular area you would like to go to?
Any area is fine. Which of the 4 swimming pools do you suggest?|I personally like Parkside Pools. It's in the center of town, on Gonville Place.
Can I get the postcode as well?|It is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving after 11:00 on friday|There are 278 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow down your options by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
My destination is london kings cross|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|TR1502 arrives in london kings cross friday at 11:51. Would you like me to book you any seats?
Yes book for 8 people and I need a reference number|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1702SDBO.
Thanks.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I need to book a guesthouse in the west of cambridge, are there any?|There are two guesthouses on the west side: Finches Bed and Breakfast, with a cheap price point, and Hobsons House, with a moderate price point. Would you be interested in either of these?
Which one includes free parking? I don't need internet included.|Both of them have free parking.
Does Finches Bed and Breakfast have free wifi? Since they both have free parking, I might as well go with the cheaper price.|Yes, they have internet as well. Would you like to book this room for you?
Yes that would be perfect! Can I please get it for 3 people, 4 nights and We'll be there by Wednesday|Good news! Booking was successful.  Reference number is : G3504UR7.
Fantastic, I'd also like a train leaving on Sunday, please.|Certainly! What time of day would you like to travel, and what are your departure and arrival locations?
Will be leaving Cambridge & going to Kings Lynn.  Wanted to arrive by 12:00.|Sure, TR8704 arrives at 11:58, can I book a seat for you?
No, I just need the departure time.  How long of a trip is it?|That train leaves at 11:11. Travel time is 47 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help.|If you need help with anything else, please don't hesitate to contact us.  Enjoy your travels.
I'm going to be in town and am looking to book my departing train out of Cambridge.  Can you let me know the times of trains on Sunday?|What is your destination?
Stansted Airport I need to be there by 13:15.|I have train TR5985 arriving at 13:08 is that okay?
That would be great - can you give me the price and departure time?|The departure time is 12:40. Do you just need 1 ticket booked?
No I still need the price.|The price is 8.08 pounds. Would you like to me book a seat?
No, I'll do that tomorrow.  Could you help me with some places I could visit in the town centre?|We have many attractions in the town centre. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
I just want somewhere to spend some quality time with family.  Do you have a recommendation?|Yeah, I would suggest the old schools.
Which one would you suggest?|i said old school. its entrance is free.
Can I have the postcode?|You got it. The postcode for old schools is cb21tt
Thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre regarding trains and attractions. Goodbye.
I want to find a place to visit in the centre in Cambridge please.|There are dozens of attractions in the centre of town. What type do you prefer?
I am looking for something like mutliple sports.|I'm sorry, but I don't have anything like in town center.  Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east.  Does that work for you?
Hmm, how about a nightclub?|Ballare is available
Sure! Can I get the postcode and phone number? I also need a train from peterborough that arrives by 9:45.|Ballare is located in postcode cb23na and the phone number is 01223364222.  And where would the train from Petersborough be arriving?
I am going to Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
Monday, thanks.|I have several trains. The latest one is the TR2118 that arrives at 9:38. Would you like to book a ticket on that?
May I please ask what the price and travel time of TR2118 is, please?|Yes TR2118 leaves at 08:48 and arrives at 09:38, it is a 50 minute ride.
And the price?|The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, you've been very helpful.|Enjoy your visit and have a great day. Thank you.
I need to take a train from bishops stanford on Friday. Can I book one here?|Sure thing. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive in Bishops Stanford by 09:45.|We have two trains arriving in bishops stortford on Friday by 09:45. Are you traveling there from Cambridge?
Yes. I need to book a reservation for 8 people, and will need the reference number|Okay, there are two different trains. The first leaves at 05:29 and the second leaves at 07:29.
Please book the one for 07:29.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. And after that I'd like some help finding a boat attraction.|What side of town would you like to be on?
I want to go boating on the east side.|camboats is on the east side. Do you need the address or phone number?
Both please. Also I still need the restaurant reference number.|your reference number for the train tickets, id FZR1XMYY. I am sorry what else did you need? I'm sorry for my colleague
I also need information on a boat attraction on the east|I have one boat attraction on the east, it is called camboats. The price is not listed, would you like the phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be great.|Sure, the phone number for Camboats is 01223902112. Can I help with anything else?
What is the entrance fee please?|I'm afraid I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you so much for your time.|My pleasure, have a nice day.
I need to a train that goes to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|There are 133 trains traveling from Stansted Airport to Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day did you want to travel?
i would like to travel friday around 2pm|The TR2819 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
yes please and a reference number please thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : LQ076J6Z.
Did I mention I need two tickets? There are 2 of us. Sorry.|Not a problem. The reference number is BYTSKQJT, and the price is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also want to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food for a cheap price.  I'd like a reservation for 2 people that same day.|There is The Gardenia in the centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, please book it for saturday at 17:15, for 2 people. And tell me the reference number|Alright I've made that booking they will hold the table for 15 minutes and the reference # is 0VES7LP4. Is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great time.
I want a train that leaves from Cambridge on Monday.|There are quite a few options available to you. Is there a specific destination you are looking for?
I am headed to Stevenage. I cannot get on the train until 14:45.|There are 5 options available. Is there a time that you would like to arrive by?
No, the first train leaving after 14:45  would be fine. I want to book tickets for 8 people.|I was able to book TR2045, reference number is 7OWLTI02.
Thanks. Can you look for a restaurant that serves british food. It sounds good.|There are 11 british restaurants to choose from. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No certain area, but I'd like one in a moderate price range please.|We have 5 places listed that would meet your needs.  Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. That would help me a lot. I would need to book a table at the one you recommend.|I would recommend The Copper Kettle located in the city centre. I can book that for you now if you'd like
Yes for 6. and I'll need the reference number.|I can do that but just need a date and time in order to book. When would you like to go?
Monday at 11:45 please.|You are booked and your reference number is 4AEEDA4Z. May I help you wirh anything else today?
That seems to be everything. Thank you for your help.|Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need informant on trains.|okay what information do you need per say?
I'd like a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street, arriving by 21:30 on Tuesday.|TR3515 will arrive at 21:27, would that work for you?
Sure. Could you tell me the typical travel time, and price for a ticket?|The typical travel time is 88 minutes and it is 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book that for you?
No. Could you please find me a restaurant in the center of town  in the expensive price range?|We have 5 different restaurants in the centre. Two of them are expensive, one of them is African cuisine, the other is oriental cuisine. What do you prefer?
What are the expensive ones?|We have the Bedouin, Kymmoy, Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and The Midsummer House Restaurant.  All 5 are expensive and in the town centre.
Could I have the postcode of one that you recommend?|How about Bedouin? The postcode is CB12BD. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is it for today. thanks for helping|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:30.|I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book?
I need it for Saturday.|When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?|I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07.   Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.|How about bridge house? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?|It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
I'd rather have a hotel. Are there any available?|How about the ashley hotel in the north. it also has internet.
No thank you that will be all|Great. Thanks for using our service!
Are there any trains leaving Sunday that arrive by 11:30?|There are many trains to choose from, where are you looking to depart from?
Kings Lynn, to Cambridge.|There are two are available TR6003 leaving at 05:11 and arriving at 05:58 and TR0412 leaving at 06:11 and arriving at 06:58. Would you like me to book either one?
No thank you, I have all the information I need on that.  Thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I am looking for information on the regency gallery.|The regency gallery is a museum in the centre. It is located at 39 fitzroy street. Admission is free. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed, thank you so much!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello! I'd like a train to Leicester, please. I want to arrive by 9:30.|What day would you be leaving?
I need to leave cambridge on tuesday.|The TR2863 leaves Cambridge at 07:21 and arrives in Leicester at 09:06, costs 37.80 pounds and has a travel length of 105 minutes. Shall I book it for you?
No, I just needed the information, thank you.|Ok have a safe trip.
Thank you for your assistance.|Your very welcome. Have a good day!
I am looking for a cheap room, free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town.
I am looking for a hotel in the east.|I have 3 guesthouse in he east all with 4 stars, the allenbell, auumn house or leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Yes, the allenbell sounds good.|Okay, how long would you like me to make your reservation?
That won't be necessary. I just need to look for a train now.|Certainly, I can help you with that. Do you know what station you want to go to or leave from?
I would like to go from Stansted to Cambridge, please.|Do you have a preference for the day or the arrival time?
Yes the train should leave on Monday and arrive by 10:30.|Okay, I think TR3304 would be most suitable. It leaves Stansted Airport at 09:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 09.52. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book six tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6GY1YTLN.
Thank you that was all i needed|Is there nothing else you need?
No, good bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I want a train going to london kings cross.|We have 70 trains that meet that criteria, what is your point of departure please?
I am  departing from cambridge.|Great! What day would you like to leave? Do you have any preferred times to leave and arrive by?
I would like to travel on monday and leave after 15:30.|There are four trains that depart every two hours. The earliest leaves at 17:70 and the last one leaves at 23:00. What's your preference?
Please book the 17:70 for 3 people.|Actually, the earliest train, TR7786 leaves Cambridge at 17:00 and arrives at 17:51. Should I go ahead a book this for 3 people?
Yes please it needs to be for three people.|I was able to book it, reference number is M9MIP9U1
Great, thanks! Also, can you tell me about the Worth House, please?|i am not sure is that a restaurant?
I didn't ask about a restaurant. I'm pretty sure that's a hotel.|Sorry about that. Worth House is a cheap guesthouse located in the north.
Yes I would like to book it for 2 nights from Saturday for 3 people please.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1HLAC0TN.
Thanks, that is all I need.|Have a great trip.
I need to book a train to cambridge on wednesday|Understood. Where do you want to depart from and by when do you want to arrive?
I'm leaving on Wednesday from Stevenage.|There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 12:30 please.|train TR7411 leaves at 13:54. would that be good?
Possibly.  What is the price for that ticket?|The price of that ticket would be 12.80 pounds.  Would you like me to reserve your ticket?
could you tell me how long the train ride will be?|The travel time is 49 minutes. What else would you like to know?
That's all the information, about the train, that I need right now. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Indian food?|Definitely! My favorite is Tandoori Palace, which is in the center and expensive. If you want something a little cheaper, I recommend Kohinoor.
Let's go for Tandoori Palace. I need a reservation for 2 people at 20:15 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZBNKZ8U.
Was it booked for 2 people?|Yes it was booked for 2 people reference number 4ZBNKZ8U.
Fantastic.  That is all.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 20:45 going to norwich?|What day of the week are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Monday.|There are 3 trains. They leave at 21:36, 22:36, and 23:36. Can I book one for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How  many tickets do you need?
I'm sorry, I just need the arrival time and price, please. That is departing from cambridge, right?|TR9493 arrives at 24:45. It will cost you 17.20 pounds per ticket. Anything else?
Can you please book me 1 ticket for TR9493.|You are booked! Your reference number is GVQ282KF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am  also looking for a place to stay.|Ok. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
Oh, a hotel, for sure.|There are 9 hotels available do you have a preference on price range or which area the hotel is in?
I need it in the north and free wifi and cheap.|The lovell lodge is hotel 2 star in the north area of town in the moderate price range with free internet and parking.
Great, I need a reservation for 5 people.|I double checked and there are no hotels in the cheap range, in the north. The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge are moderately priced and in the north.
How about The Ashley Hotel? I need a reservation please.|What day will you be arriving, how many days are you staying and for how many people?
Can you make a reservation for Friday for 5 people, 3 nights please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8O3M27N5.anything else
that is it for now. thank you|thanks and welcome to Cambridge
I would like to book a train that is running on Tuesday and departs anytime after 20:15, can you help me with that?|Where would you like to travel from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and travel to peterborough.|Sure, I have 7 trains that would work. The closest to your requested time is the TR5110 that leaves at 20:34.
That will work. What is the price and arrival time for that?|That will cost you 16.50 pounds and you will arrive by 21:24.
That is great. I also want to know about a hotel called home from home. Can you find it for me.|Certainly. Home from Home is a guesthouse on the north end of the city. It offers free internet and parking and is moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I would like to book for 8 people for 3 nights starting from Saturday.|Your booking was successfull! Reference number is I5VKNKJ3
Thank you have a nice day.|You too. Goodbye.
Hi! Can I get some info on a cheap place to eat?|There are 22 different places that server cheap food. Did you have a certain type of food you were interested in?
Do any of those places serve romanian food? I'm in the mood for polenta!|Unfortunately none serve Romanian food, do you have another food preference?
Do any of those places serve vietnamese food?|I have located one restaurant serving Vietnamese food called thanh binh located on 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to book a reservation?
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb30af. Should I book it?
Maybe later. I need a train ticket to Peterborough on Thursday.|There are 38 trains leaving for Peterborough on Thursday. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Peterborough and arrive by 13:15.|We have the TR8954 that arrives at 12:56. Does that work?
Yes. I just need to know the departure time, train ID, and the travel time.|departure time is 12:06, train id TR8954, and the travel time is 50 minutes.
I think that is everything, thanks for the help!|Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'd like to find something fun to do in the center of town.|Sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
Are there any movie theaters?|There's one - Vue Cinema. They have no entrance fee and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help with anything else today?
Can I get the address for the Cinema please?|The address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any more information?
I am also looking for a train.|Where will you be departing from?
Hi! I need a train to birmingham new street.|What day would you be needing the train?
I will be traveling on Wednesday from Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45 please.|TR8860 departs at 14:01 and arrives by 16:44. Would you like a ticket?
Could you just give me the train id and price on that please?|The train ID is TR8860 and the price is 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need today?
i would also  love to find a place to stay and should be in the east|Sure no problem. What type of hotel are you looking for?
need one in the east and have 2 stars.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes a reservation for three please|How many days will you be staying and what day will you arrive?
3 nights starting from Sunday.|how many people in your party and for how long
I need it for 5 people, please. And could you get me the reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : R6SZO5AO. Anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I need a train departing Cambridge that will arrive by 17:00.|I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you can you let me know where you are traveling to, and what day you are looking to leave?
I am going to Norwich and I want to leave on Thursday.|TR1584 arrives by 10:55.  That should give you plenty of time.
Okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?|Yes I was able to make a booking and your reference number is 2IFP2I1S.
Perfect! Can you also find me a restaurant?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
Modern Eclectic please|I'm afraid I could not find a modern eclectic restaurant. Would you be interested in a gastropub?
No, but an expensive Mediterranean place in the center of town would work.|What price range? I have a few options for you.
Something in the upper range, over 20 a place.|There are two Mediterranean choices: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
I've heard great things about La Mimosa.  Can you book a table for all of us at 10:00 on the day we arrive?|Table for 8 at La Mimosa on Thursday at 10:00. The restaurant will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : F56UFR10.
Thank you for booking that for me.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|There is one leaving at 05:29 if you would like to take that.
I need to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 11:30. Are there any trains that will get me there on time?|Yes - on Tuesday there are trains at 5:29, 7:29, and 9:29, all of which arrive before 11:30. How many tickets do you need?
Unsure, just gathering information right now. Could you give me the train ID of the train departing at 9:29?|Sure. The trainID is TR2083
Are there any attractions I can check out if I decide to go?|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by type of attraction or area?
I'm looking for someplace in the east, please.|Would you like to try the camboats attraction as it is located in the east?
Yes please. Can you give me the post code, phone number and address please.|The postcode, phone number, and address to comboats is: cb58sx, 01223902112, the plough, green end, fen ditton.
Thanks for all your help. Have a nice day.|You're welcome, enjoy the rest of your stay!
I need a train that goes to Norwich.|Great. On which day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday|Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge. Is there a train that can get there before 17:15?|Yes, there is one that departs at 5:36 and arrives at 6:55 will that work?
That will work, can you book me seats for 7 and let me know the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 98.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : YGMYZLL2.
anything else i can help you with?
I'm also looking for something to help kill some time on the west side of town. Do you have any recommendations?|Sure what type of attraction were you looking for?
I don't have a preference. You pick.|the lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton. their phone number is 01223295264. the admission is free. would you like help with something else?
What type of attraction this?|It is a museum.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb30aq.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks. You answered all my questions and were very helpful. Have a good day. Bye.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm looking for a train to norwich. Heading out on Wednesday|Sure, what time do you need to get into Norwich by?
I would like to arrive by 16:15 if at all possible.|There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to depart cambridge around 11:00. Can you find a train at that time? What is the price and train ID?|The TR2625 departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55.  The price is 17.60
Okay I also need a museum to go to in the centre.|The center is a great place to visit museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a preference?
No, can you recommend one?|I recommend broughton house gallery
Thank you so much, that's all I need! Take care!|Thank you, have a great trip!
Hey! I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.|Trains depart approximately every 2 hours. What time would you like to leave/arrive by?
I need to travel on Wednesday, and I need to arrive by 16:45.|I have found several trains that begin leaving at 5:21 until 15:21 to arrive by 16:45. Trains cost 12.80 pounds and are 49 minutes long. Do you prefer early or later?
The 15:21 sounds good. I think all I need will be the train ID.|The train ID for the 15:21 is TR7245.
Fantastic, can you also give me information on the Fitzwilliam Museum?|It has free admission and is in the centre area.
Can I have the phone number and the address of the museum?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223332900. They are located on Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for now. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge. I'm looking for a train.|sure what day are you traveling?
I plan to travel on friday.|Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne and I would like the train to arrive by 10:00. What is the price for this?|The TR5570 train will work. Would you like me to book you passage?
No thanks. I just need the price per ticket.|It will cost you 17.90
Okay thank you, I'm also looking for an Indian restaurant in the east that is expensive.|I would suggest this one the golden curry.
Please book that one for 8 people on Friday at 17:00.|your all set! Reference # is TKNF8H2H. Anything else today?
no, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.|Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an expensive price range.|Alright, there are thirty-three possible restaurants for you to dine at, should I make you reservations at one of them?
Are there any with north american food?|Yes, there is the Gourmet Burger kitchen, address Regent Street City Centre, postalcode cb21ab.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please book a party of 4 at 11:30 Tuesday. Please include a reference number.|I've went ahead and booked that. The reference number is PDIWVU9D.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 08:00 and should depart from peterborough.|Great, I can book that for you. What day will you be traveling?
I would like to travel on Tuesday, as well.|There are four trains that depart peterborough and arrive in cambridge by 08:00. Would you like me to book one for you?
yes, and could you provide the travel time and the train ID please?|I have booked your train ticket for the 5:19 from Peterborough to Cambridge. The train ID is TR5042 and the ride will last 50 minutes. You should arrive by 06:09
Wonderful, thanks. That is everything I needed.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
I would like to find a train to Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel to Kings Lynn?
On Friday, and I want to arrive by 19:15.|How about train 3112?  It leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58.
Thank you. How much would it cost?|It will cost 9.80 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. Could you recommend a college to visit?|how about christ's college?
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number and area?|01223334900. That is in the Centre. Is there anything else?
No, there is nothing further.  Thank you so much for your help!|You are so welcome!  Have a great time!
Thank you, I will.|Try some of our great restaurants during your stay. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a train coming from london liverpool street and arriving by 14:00.|What day will you be traveling on?
I'll be travelling on Thursday.|There is a train that leaves at 5:39.
That sounds great.  Can I book one seat for that train?|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RQWKODYJ.  Is there anything else I can do to assist?
I'm also looking for information on a attraction called downing college.|Oh yes, Downing College. It is located in the centre of town on Regent Street and It is free to visit. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need their phone number.|That phone number is 01223334860.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That is all I need. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today.
Hi there, I've just started planning my trip.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|I would be happy to assist you. Is there a price range you prefer, or a type of cuisine?
I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.|What area of town would you like to dine in?
I'm sorry, I just thought of a restaurant I had forgotten about. I would like to dine at a particular restaurant called Shiraz Restaurant.|I have no matching restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
I also need a train ticket.|I'll be happy to assist with that, but I'll need some additional information. What is your destination and departure point? Also, when will you be traveling?
I'll be heading to the airport on Friday after finishing up sightseeing here.|I actually did find Shiraz Restaurant.  Great Mediterranean place.  Can I book a table before we work on your train?
Oh perfect! Can I have a table for 8 people at 19:00 on thursday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4JP4LX3W.
Alright, would you like to continue finding a train?|I just want to confirm. You need a train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. What time would you like to depart? This is a 28 minute train ride.
I want one that gets there by 16:00|I've booked on TR1316 friday leaving cambridge 14:40 arriving at stansted airport at 15:08 cost is 10.10 pounds, referenece E0X8YVGZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please confirm the travel time?|The travel time is 28 minutes.
OK, thanks for everything.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't need anything else.|Have a great trip.
Thank you for your help.|Thanks again for letting us help you! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
Can you please find me a train that leaves to bishops shortford? Can it also arrive before 10:45 too? Thankyou for your time.|I have the TR2061 that arrives at 06:07.  Will that work?
Does it leave on Sunday?|No, that one leaves on Friday. TR9219 leaves Sunday at 5:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 6:07. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book a seat and send me a reference number.|I have booked you a seat and the reference number is : 6IJ7W2BN.
Thanks so much. Can you also find me a place to stay?|Definitely - we have 33 great places to stay in town. If you can give me some specific requirements, I can narrow it down to the perfect place for you.
I would like a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.|I'd recommend the acorn guest house. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Hello there! I need a train to Cambridge on Monday.|What is your departure city?
I will be departing from stansted airport.  Also, I need to arrive by 14:15.|Sure, TR3304 will get you in Cambridge by 9:52.  Can I book a seat for you?
Well, that's a little early, but it should work.  I'd like to make a booking for 7 people actually.|OK, I've booked 7 tickets, reference number CY29I3SC. The fee will be 70.70, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a multi sports in the centre of town.|I'm sorry but I don't see any multi sports in the centre of town. Is there another area of town I can check for you?
How about a museum?|Yes there are 11 in the area what kind of museum would you like?
Surprise me. I just need the address.|You should check out broughton house gallary, which is located at 98 king street.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Is there such a train that leaves to cambridge, might I include on a tuesday?|Do you have a station you would prefer to depart from?
Yes. I want to leave from london kings cross.|There are 10 trains that meet your needs. The earliest leaves at 05:17 and the latest leaves at 23:17. Is there a time of day you prefer?
I would like to leave on tuesday after 10:30.|I have TR7850 that leaves at 11:17 and will arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would that suit your needs?
May I get the travel time for that train, please?|Absolutely! The travel time is 51 minutes!
Thank you, I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should a hotel of 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It should include free wifi.|Is there a particular part of town that you would like to stay in?
Any part of town is fine.|I'm afraid we don't have any hotels that meet your needs, but we do have two guesthouses. One in the north and one in the city centre.
Not interested win a guesthouse. Do you have a hotel with free parking and a 0-star rating?|No, I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels with those qualifications. Can you expand your search parameters?
We will figure something out, thanks for your help today!|have a fantastic day, goodbye.
Hello, we are looking for information about lodgings in Cambridge.  Price is no option and we would like a very nice hotel.|There are 33 hotels available, do you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
As long as its insanely expensive and has free parking. Centre located please.|I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is in the centre, expensive, and has free parking. Can I help with anything else?
I want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on thursday.|Okay, you are all set! Reference number is : RGBB7MTN.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge that leaves on saturday.|What is your destination please and travel time?
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I need to arrive by 11:15.|TR0823 will have you arriving at 11:01. How many tickets do you need?
I am not sure how many yet. For now, I need the departure time and the length of travel time for TR0823.|The departure time is 10:01 and the duration is 60 minutes.
Ok, that's all I need for now. Thanks, bye.|Okay, have a good day.
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to broxbourne|What day are you traveling?
I'm traveling on tuesday and I want to arrive by 16:15|TR6357 leaves at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, but I do need the price.|Alright. The price for TR 6357 is 17.90 pounds. Anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks!|I hope you have a wonderful day - goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a train that will be arriving by 16:00 in Cambridge.|What day and from where?
I am leaving Friday from Kings Lynn.|We have a train departing from Kings Lynn, Friday at 15:11 which will be arriving at 15:58. The price is 9.80 pounds and the total duration of the trip would be 47 min. Would you like me to book this for you?
Thank you for all the information. I would like to book this.|Consider it done. It has been booked. Anything else?
Yes, can you also help me find a hotel that has free parking and is expensive?|Sure! Let's narrow it down a bit. Any preferences on location or star rating?
I would like a 4 star hotel.  Location isn't important, just quality hotel.|Sure thing! There are 21 four star hotels. Do you have any other needs, like internet, parking, or price range or style?
I would like it to have free parking and internet.|The Huntingdon Marriot and the University Arms are both expensive 4-star hotels with free internet and parking. Is either of these of interest to you?
The University Arms sounds good. I'd like to book 4 nights for 1 person, beginning on Friday. And I'll need the reference number, please.|You booking was successful. Your reference number is XWZQ8GBA. What else can I help you with?
That should be it, thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I need a train from broxbourne on Tuesday.|I can definitely take care of that for you. Where are you heading to?
Travelling to Cambridge, I need to arrive by 14:45.|We have 9 such trips. Any preference on leaving?
No, but I need two tickets.|TR4537 has been booked for you. lt leaves at 07:32 and arrives at 08:32. The reference number is 8UMHY366.
Great. That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge.|When and where would you like to depart?
I would like to depart from Stevenage on Wednesday.|Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 8:30.|There is one options available TR9448, leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43.
Okay, could you tell me the price?|The 5:54 train is 12.80 pounds.
Can you book it for me and send me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 26GRQWBX.
I am also looking for the attraction, Tenpin.|Tenpin is in the south. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Is there an entrance fee?|My database does not have that information currently available. Would you like the phone number so you can call and ask?
Are you sure? I've always been able to get that information from this system. Can you check again please?|Our system does not provide the entrance fee for tenpin. You don't have much experience with this system do you?
Yeah, my first time taking a trip here, sorry.   Im sure the fee is no big deal, thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for the acorn guest house.|Ah, yes. The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and located in the north. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free internet and parking.
Sounds perfect.  What is the phone number?|its phone number is 01223353888
Thank you.  Can you also find a train that leaves on sunday and departs from cambridge.|Where are you going to and what time would you like to leave?
I am leaving from cambridge and going to ely and I need to leave after 19:30.|The TR3544 leaves at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like to book it?
yes book it for me please|How many people do you want to purchase tickets for?
I'm looking to book a train, if you could help me.|We can definitely help you with that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
depart from stevenage and should arrive by 15:30.|I can certainly look that up for you, what is your destination?
cambridge on teusday. book for 7 people and please  get me  reference number.|I was able to book on train TR9263  for Tuesday leaving at 05:54 and arriving at 06:43.  The total fee is 89.6 GBP and the reference number is 0QGD9JB5.
Thank you I also need to find a college to go to.|Okay, I found 18 colleges all over town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down your options?
Whichever you recommend is great|I recommend clare hall located at herschel road and has free entrance.
What part of town is it in?|Clare Hall is in the west part of town. Do you need more information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the postcode?|The postcode is CB3 9AL. What else can I help you with?
That is everything thank you so much.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
You can help me by finding me an expensive restaurant in the centre|I have lots of options for you. Do you have a preferred food type?
Yes, I would like indian food please.|I'd recommend golden curry. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could i get their postcode?|Their postcode is cb21dp. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! I also would like information about a train, please, leaving Cambridge after 21:00.|Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am going to Leicester.|There is a 21:21 that will arrive by 23:06.  How does that sound?
Perfect. Can you get me 4 seats on that one?|Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3918 train is confirmed. Your Reference number is : VRW2PWD6.
Thank you for your help!|Anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you. Have a great day.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Good evening, I need to take a train from Cambridge to Norwich.|What day and time do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Wednesday and arrive by 15:30.|I have train TR1144 leaving at 5:36 and arriving at 6:55. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes, that would work. I don't need a ticket though. But, can I ask the price per ticket?|The price is 17.60.  Can I help you with anything else?
i'm also interested in places to go in town.|What area would you be in?
I would like information on the colleges in the centre please.|I have 13 results that match, is there anymore information you can give me on what you are looking for?
recommend any and give me the entrance fee and postcode|gonville and caius college have free admission. Their postcode is cb21ta
Thanks, that's all I need for today|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, thank you very much. That will be all.|Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to take a train to Cambridge after 09:30.|sure, what station are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I need to depart broxbourne and travel on monday please.|train TR2987 meets all your needs. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please for 8 people.|Great! Your train will leave Ely on Monday at 11:35 and arrive at 11:52. It has been booked for all 8 for a total fee of 35.2GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number, if needed, is PD2F8YMF.
I'm also looking for a recommendation on Mexican restaurants in the south.|I would recommend the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now, but could I have the postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for a train. The train should arrive by 14:45 and should leave on Saturday.|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I would like to leave Cambridge and go to London Liver Pool.|There are 5 trains running on saturday that will meet your needs. Would you care to book tickets for one?
I actually just need to know the price of a ticket please|The price of one ticket is 13.28 pounds. May I assist further in any way?
No thanks, that was all I was hoping to find out! Have a good day!|Okay, great, I hope you have a nice day too!
Hi, do you have any trains headed to Leicester from cambridge?|We do.  What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday after 13:30.|Sure thing.  I have TR1997 leaving Leicester on Tuesday at 14:21.  Should arrive by 16:06.  Would that work for you?  Otherwise, I have later options.
That would work for me, I need 5 tickets please.|Your reservation of 5 tickets on the TR1997 train was successful. Your Reference number is : 8PT9BIRG.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a great place to eat in the centre.|We have many restaurant options in the centre area. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
I would like a gastropub in the expensive price range.|would recommend the slug and lettuce, they are a very good gastropub, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. I'd like to book for the same group of people on the same day at 10:30, if possible.|Okay I was able to do that for you and your reference number is M0YQSBT7.
Wonderful, that's everything I needed. Thanks so much.|My pleasure. We're here any time you need us. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge  looking for a restaurant.|I can help with that.  What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I am interested in Indian food in an expensive price range.|Curry garden has some expensive Indian food if you would like that.
Sounds great!  Can I get a table for 4 on Saturday?|Sure. What time would you like to dine?
We would like to dine at 14:00|Great I was able to do it, reference number is W7WSG821.
i also want a train on sunday and should go to peterborough|Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 11:15, please.|TR9376 leaves at 11:34, arriving 12:24. The fare is 13.20 pounds. WOuld you like me to book the ticket?
No thank you. I just need the travel time please.|It is a 50 minute journey filled with adventure and awe.   Can I assist with anything else?
That is all I needed.  Thanks!|Your welcome. Have a nice day and don't hesitate to call back.
Are there any pricey russian restaurants in cambridge?|My system is not pulling up any expensive russian restaurants.  Would you like to try another cuisine or price range?
Yes I would like moderately priced European please.|How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street?
No you know what. how about Indian food instead?|Yes what area would you like it to be in?
actually, i want indian food not european food.|In what area would you like the Indian food to be in?
I would like the Indian restaurant to be in the west.|I have the megha located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like reservations?
Yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 12:45 on Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3OO6S8AZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need train tickets for my group. I need it to leave by 8:30 from norwich to cambridge. same day please.|Alright I found you the TR3948 that leaves at 07:16. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need 3 tickets.|You are booked on TR2398. The total fee is 52.8 GBP. Your reference number is 7JQYREMA. Departs at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35. May I help with anything else?
That's all, thanks a lot man!   You were awesome!|You're welcome. May I assist you in any other way today?
No thank you, that was everything!|The Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road in Chesterton. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry I don't know what you're talking about. I have gotten everything I need.|I am glad to have been assistance.
I am looking for a moderately priced 3 star hotel to stay in in Cambridge.|Unfortunately, i have no matches for your request. Would you like for me to search all hotels in cambridge.
Yes, I would like a hotel in the moderate price range with 3 stars.|I'm sorry, but I found no hotels matching your criteria, would you like to look for a cheaper hotel?
I would be open to a guesthouse if there are no 3 star hotels. I would like to stay in the moderate price range if possible.|There are 4 moderately priced guesthouses available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the south area if possible.|I have bridge guest house.  Would you like me to make a reservation,?
No thanks. Not today. But I could use some help finding a train from Leicester to Cambridge.|I can look that up for you.  First, can you tell me the day and time frame you were thinking of travelling?
It needs to leave after 17:45, thanks for checking.|There are 42 trains that leave after 17:45.
Pick one for me and give me the price and arrival time if you don't mind.|Sure.  I'd recommend TR9629 which leaves at 18:09 and arrives at 19:54.  The price is 37,80 pounds per ticket.
Just to check, does TR9629 leave on Friday?  That's the day I would like to travel.|Yes, TR9629 leaves on Friday. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that was everything, thank you very much!|You're welcome. Don't hesitate to ask if there's ever anything else we can help you with.
Find me a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday|ok, and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving cambridge with a destination of stevenage.|The earliest train after that time is TR3844. It departs at 11:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
Yes please. I need the travel time.|It is a 49 minute ride, it will cost 12.80 pounds.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Not right now, thanks. I would like to go to a museum while I'm in town, though.|Were you looking for one in a particular area?
No, any area is fine.  Can you suggest one?|The Broughton House Gallery is a free museum located in the centre. Would you like more information about it?
I would like the address and phone number.|Located at 98 king street. Number is 01223314960.
Great thanks.  That's all I need.|Do you need me to look up info about another place or attraction? Anything?
No, I think you've answered all my questions.  Thank you!|No problem! Have a great day.
What museums can I visit in town?|The broughton  house gallery is a museum located in the center of town.
That sounds great.  Can you give me the area and phone number for that museum?|Sure, the phone number is 01223314960.  It is located in the centre area.
I also need a train that is leaving on Thursday going to Cambridge.|The TR2775 Leaves London Kings Cross Thursday at 5:17 and arrives in Cambridge 51 minutes later.  Does that work?
Yes as long as it arrives by 16:30 and I will be departing from Stevenage|TR2833 departs Stevenage at 13:54 on Thursday and arrives in Cambridge at 14:43. I can book a ticket, if you like.
ok, yeah get me a ticket|Okay, your ticket has been reserved. Your reference number is YOAVPYXH. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all! Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a place to stay that is cheap.|There are several options to choose from.
I would like a guesthouse type of place with free parking.|We have nine, and all but two are four star rated establishments.
The star rating doesn't matter. Which one is the best?|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre. Its phone number is 01223525725
Hi, I need a train leaving Cambridge after 14:30.|There is a train leaving Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Friday at 15:01 for 75.10 pounds. The trip will take 163 minutes.
Excellent.  Can you assist me in booking a ticket?|Certainly. Your reference number is KPFTA841.
Wait...I didn't specify how many people. Can I cancel KPFTA841?|Sure, how many tickets do you want?
I need it for 8 people|All right sir. I've booked it for eight people. Your reference number is ZN7ZX8O2.
Can you recommend a fun place to visit while I am in town?|One of my favorites is in the centre part of town and it's a museum called Scott Polar Museum.  It is free.  Is that of interest to you?
Yes could I please get the phone number?|Sure - their phone number is 01223336540.
That's all I need today.|Thank and enjoy !
I will. Thanks for your help!|thanks for inquiring with us
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What type of information?
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday after 16:45.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave after 16:45 and go to norwich please.|TR1309 departs at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like a ticket?
No thanks. I also need places to go in the centre.|We have quite a few nice attractions in the centre. Do you know what type you'd be interested in visiting?
I'm not sure, can you provide me a list of attraction types along with their entrance fees and postcodes so that I can decide?|There are 44 attractions, including architecture, colleges, and more. Does any of that sound appealing?
How about a museum?  I'll just need the entrance fee and postcode.|How about the broughton house gallery?  It's free and at cb11ln.
Great ill check it out. Thats everything I need thanks|Have a great day. Glad to be of service.
Thanks for your time, goodbye.|I hope you have a wonderful trip, thanks for calling!
I haven't had German food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it|I'm sorry, there aren't any German restaurants in the centre, would you like me to expand the search to other parts of town?
Sure, but please make sure there aren't any in the centre again too.|There aren't any options for German food for any area, I'm afraid. Would you like to try a different type of food?
is there one that serves italian food?|Yes, there is. What's your price range?
Expensive price range and I need a table for 7 at 13:00 on Thursday and the reference number.|your all set reference # is 79REVFJ1. anything else today?
Yes I'm looking for a train to Cambridge that same day.|Ok great. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from kings Lynn.|and what time do you need to leave?
I just need to arrive by 10:30.|There are 5 trains that will get to Cambridge by 10:30. The earliest departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The latest one leaves at 09:11.
The 9:11 one is cool. I need to book for 7 people. Can I make sure to get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : H6VTWBV8.  What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, thats all i needed.|thanks for inquiring with us.
you're welcome, goodbye!|Goodbye and have a great day.
Can you tell me if the restaurant Eraina is in Cambridge? Thank you.|Yes, it is in Cambridge.
Excellent. Where is it?|The Address is Free School Lane City Centre, postal code cb23rh
Great! Any chance I could get a table for 7 there at 14:30 on Wednesday? I'll need the reference number once you make the reservation.|The booking was successful. Your table will be held for 15 minutes at 14:30 on Wednesday, and your reference number is K32GULPV.
Okay great. I am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 17:15 going to Bishops Stortford on Thursday, can you book that for me please?|There are four trains that meet those criteria. The earliest leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Trains are every 2 hours after that.
I'll go with the 17:29. What is the train ID and price?|The train ID is TR6673 and the price is 10.10 pounds per ticket
Thank you. I'll take it.|How many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually I don't need any tickets today. I'm all set here. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day.
I'd like some information about the El Shaddai.|It's a 0 star cheap guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet.
Ok, great. Can I get their phone number please so that I can contact them?|Sure! El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please and thank you. I'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? I'll be traveling from London King's Cross to Cambridge.|Sure what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to leave after 11:45.|i have train id number TR5729 leaving saturday at 13:17. would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I check on the arrival time of that train first?|It arrives by 14:08.
Thanks for the information. That's all I need.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am trying to book a train to peterborough. Can you help me?|There are many trains to peterborough. Can you tell me where you'll be leaving from and what day and time you're interested in traveling?
I am not sure what time I need to leave but has to be Saturday and depart from cambridge to arrive by 11:45|I can book you for an arrival by 11:24 and leaves at 10:34. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me please.|How many tickets would you like?
Just one of them please, can I get the reference number?|You're booked with 1 ticket on TR3596, departing cambridge at 10:34 on Saturday and arriving peterborough at 11:24. The reference number is F92QQR6F.
Thank You. I would also like to know about places to go?|There are several attractions. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you would like to go to?
Something that is for entertainment, cinemas, museums, theatres, please.|whipple museum of the history of science is a museum that has a free entrance fee and located in the centre.
Great. Would you be able to provide me with their phone number?|Yes sure. their telephone number is 01223330906.
What is the postal code for the Whipple Museum?|The postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you, that will be all I need for today.|Wonderful! Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train for my upcoming trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me find one?|I am happy to help, where are you coming from and on what day?
I am departing from Bishops Stortfod on Friday. I can leave after 9:45|There is an 11:29 that will arrive by 12:07 for 10.10 pounds.  Does that sound good?
I need the train ID|The Train ID is TR6834.
Thank you  I was also hoping to find a british place to eat in the centre.|I have about 7 different places that serve british food. I have mostly expensive and moderately priced places. Do you have a preference?
Lets do a moderate one. Which would you recommend?|I would recommend the the oak bistro, which is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
Yes, please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people at 21:00 on Friday.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm interested in visiting colleges while in town, can you please recommend some?|I can recommend clare hall and christ's college.  You need phone numbers for either one?
I would like the post code for clare hall please.|Sure, that post code is cb39al. Can I further assist you?
Yes I also need a train to stansted airport on sunday|Sure. Where will you be departing from, and what time?
I am leaving from Cambridge. I would like to leave sometime after 18:00.|Okay the TR5009 leaves at 18:40.
That sounds great, do I call to book a seat or can you help me?|I would be more than happy to help you book! Tickets are 8.08 pounds. How many tickets would you like me to book for your trip?
Please book for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is 4ESBHTB0.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
Hi there. I could use some help finding a place to stay that is 4 star rated.|Could you be more specific, for example what is the price range you are looking for?
Price doesn't really matter.  I would like free parking though.|acorn guest house has 4-stars and has free parking. Would like to book it?
Yes, for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday.|I am sorry but Acorn Guest House is heavily booked. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
What about 3 nights?|Booking was successful. Address is 154 chesterton road. Postcode cb41da. Reference number is: IOHUVGA1. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|Okay, I can help you with that! Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
I will be leaving cambridge headed to birmingham new street.|There are a lot of trains that go that route what day and time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday after 16:00 please.|The first train departing Cambridge after 16:00 is the TR2776, leaving 16:01, arriving in Birmingham, New Street at 18:44. Would you like to book a seat on this one?
Yes, please! And I'll need the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your total is 60.08 GBP, payable at the station.  Your reference number is VFIRSFKS
Thank you very much for your help.|Ca I help you with anything else?
That will be everything, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Okay good bye.|Happy to help.
I am interested in boat attractions.|There are 4 boat attractions. Do you want to specify an area?
Are there any boat attractions in the west?|There are no boat attractions in the west. The boat attractions are located in the east, north and centre areas. Will either of these areas work for you?
I see, can you tell me about museums in the west then. And what is the postcode?|There are 7 museums in the west, a few are cafe jello gallery, cambridge and county folk museum, kettle's yard, and lynne strover gallery. Which would you like?
What is the postcode of the county folk museum?|The postcode is cb30aq.
Thanks I also need a train leaving monday arriving by 1900|Can you tell me where you are going to and from please?
I am going from stevenage to cambridge. I need the price, travel, and depart times please.|There is a train leaving from stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43. The price is 12.80 pounds. The trip is 49 minutes.
Thank you so much! I think that covers all the information I need today.|Sure! Would you like to book the train, or is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all.  Thank you!|Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train.|I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are going?
I am looking for a train that goes to Peterborough from Cambridge and arrives by 19:00.|What is your departure day and time?
I'll be leaving monday and the departure time doesn't matter.|for 16.50 pounds TR9859 leaves at 05.56
Okay, does TR9859 arrive by 19:00?  I would also like the travel time, please.|I'm sorry for the confusion.  I don't show TR9859.  I have TR0607 that leaves at 18:06, arrives at 18:56.  Travel time is 50 minutes.  Does that work?
Sure that's fine, does that have the same price?|Yes, the price is 16.50 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for more information on parkside pools. Can you tell me what kind of attraction it is?|Parkside Pools is a swimming pool located in the centre of town. They are located at Gonville Place. Their postcode is cb11ly. They can be reached at 01223446100.
That sounds like the best attraction ever. Thank you for all your careful assistance. Have a lovely day! Bye!!|And you have a wonderful day as well!
Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket to Peterborough.|Sure, when will you be leaving Cambridge?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and leave sometime after 11:15.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
Not really. Can I also please have the travel time of the train.|okay the TR4344 matches your request and the travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
What time will the train arrive? Also, I am looking to stay at the Gonville Hotel. What availability is there for that hotel?|The train will arrive at 12:24. As for the Gonville hotel, I can check that availability...how many nights were you looking to stay?
Oh, I just wanted information. Does that hotel have free parking?|Yes, the Gonville does offer free parking.
Excellent. Thanks for the help.|You very welcome! Is there anything else we can help you with?
No, that is all I need for today.|Thanks for contacting us. Have a nice day!
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church. Where is it?|The great saint mary's church is in city centre, the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Please provide the address.|The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I also need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave after 13:45.|What is your destination and what day will you be leaving Cambridge?
I'd like the train for Saturday and I'm headed to London Liverpool Street, please.|great! the TR4466 leaves at 13:59!
I need to book that for 6 people.|I will work on booking this for you.
Please provide the reference number after booking is completed.|I will just a minute please
I am looking for a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.|There are many trains from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. What time would you like to leave?
I need to leave Wednesday after 21:15.|For how many people?
I am traveling alone.|Thank you, I have booked you a seat on TR8385 leaving Kings Lynn at 22:11 cost of 9.8 GBP. The reference number is T7PUQPR1.
Thank you. What is the arrival time in Cambridge, please?|Arrival time is 23:58
Could I also have the price?|The total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go in town. I would like an architecture type in the centre.|How about all saints church? It fits your criteria and has no entrance fee!
That sounds great, what is their phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hi, I'll be visiting Cambridge soon, and I need a train from Stansted airport. It should arrive by 17:45. Can you help?|What day and time time will you  be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to arrive by 17:45.|Great, there's a train departing at 16:24 and arriving at 16:52. Will this work?
Yes, that would be perfect! What's the price of one ticket?|It is 8.08 pounds
Thank you!  Can you also look up Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds for me?|Sure thing it is in the east of town, what information would you like to know about it?
i need to know how how much the entrance fee is and the postcode if you may please?|The post code is cb18dw but I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
Ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that will be all.|Thank you and goodbye
I need to take a train from cambridge to London Kings Cross|I can help you with that! What day would like to travel and what time would you like to depart?
Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, anytime after 15:45.|Train TR0945 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
What is the travel time on that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
What is the arrival time?|The arrival time is 17:51.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the best museum in the center of town?|the whipple museum of the history of science is an interesting one!
What is the entry free to the Whipple Museum?|The entrance fee is free.
Perfect.  Can you get me a phone number for them?|Sure! it is 01223330906.
Thanks so much for your help today!|Not a problem! Have a nice day!
I'd like a train leaving Cambridge for Broxbourne, please.|What day would you like to travel?
I need to travel on Tuesday after 15:15.|I have the TR1835 going from Cambridge at 16:01 to Broxbourne at 17:01. Does that sound suitable? I can book some tickets for you if you like.
Could I get the price first?|17.90 pounds is the price.
I'm not ready to book yet.  I'm also looking for a place to stay.|I can help with that. There are 33 choices. Is there a specific price range you would like to stay in?
I really want to stay in a 0 star establishment, ideally in a moderate price range. I don't care if there's free parking, but it has to be a hotel.|The cityrooma hotel is located in the centre and is of moderate price range.  Would you like me to make reservations?
Please book it for 1 person, for 4 nights starting friday.|Your reference number is XCJE8L9R, is there anything else you need?
No I believe that will be all for now. Thank you for your help!|Alright, thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm a big fan of architecture. Is there some in the centre that I can check out?|Definitely! All Saints Church is one that is a definite must-see. And it's free to enter!
phone number, address please thank you|Their phone number is 01223452587, and address is jesus lane. Can I help with anything else?
yes, am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 16:45 and should leave on thursday|No problem! where are you departing from?
Im leaving from Cambridge and headed to Broxbourne.|what about TR7222? it leaves at 21:01
That will work. Can I have the train ID, price and travel time?|the tickets are 17.90 pounds and it's a 60 minute ride.
What is the train ID?|The train ID for this route is TR7222. How many tickets would you like me to book?
None right now.  Thank you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You covered it all.  Thanks.|Have a wonderful day. Bye.
I need a train for Saturday at 13:00 and I will be traveling  from Cambridge to London kings cross. Please book it for 7 people.|You are all booked for the TR4003 train. Price is 132.16 GBP.  Reference number B02EELPU. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, my apologies, but can you confirm that the TR4003 train leaves after 13:00?|It leaves right at 13:00. If you'd like to leave later, the next train departs at 15:00
The 13:00 train is perfect. Please book 7 tickets. Thanks.|It has been booked and your Reference number is: B02EELPU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you for the help.|Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
am  looking for a train. The train should arrive by 18:00 and should go to stevenage.|Can you provide me with your departure site?
I am departing from cambridge on Tuesday.|There are many options available. Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
What one gets me there before, but closest to 18:00?|Train TR5343 arrives at 16:10. It is the closest to your required arrival time. Would you like to reserve any tickets today?
No, I have decided not to book today, thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
I am looking for architectural spots to visit on my trip to Cambridge.  On the east side.|Well, unfortunately there are architectural attractions located in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
No, that's okay. Are there any Museums in the East instead?|I can recommend four different museums in the east area. How about Cambridge artworks? It is popular.
That sounds interesting.  What is the entrance fee for this museum?|The cambridge artworks is a free museum. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you give me their phone number and postcode, please?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223902168 and they are in postcode cb13ef.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a train as well.|Certainly. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I am looking to depart from London Kings Cross that should arrive in Cambridge by 15:00 and I need it for 3 people and will need the reference number.|I need to narrow the search down. What day will you be traveling?
On Monday please.|I was able to book you on TR3194 which leaves london kings cross at 13:17 and arrives Cambridge at 14:08. Reference R6KWX99C. Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that's everything. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to go in  the centre part of town. Are there any interesting attractions?|There are quite a few architecture attractions in the centre part of town.
Can you recommend something for me?|All Saints church is located on Jesus Lane in the centre. It has free admission.
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb58bs.  Would you like the address or phone number also?
No, I'm sure it will be fine. But can you help me get a train from Birmingham New Street?|What is your destination?
I'll be heading into Cambridge on Friday, and I need to get there by 15:30.|It looks like TR7040 would be your best bet. You will arrive by 14:23. Would you like me to book the train for you?
Yes, I'd like two tickets, please.|Great. I've booked two tickets for the train, and your reference number is TNF2DMIQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope I think that covers everything, thanks for being so helpful!|Okay great, have a good day.
I'd like to visit a college in the centre of town. Could you help me find one?|Yes, I can.  I have 13 different colleges that I can recommend in the centre of town. A popular option is Christ's College.
Oh that sounds good. May I have their address, postcode, and entrance fee, please?|Yes their address is saint andrew's street and their postcode is cb23bu and admission to the college is free.
Fantastic! Could you also find me a train that goes to bishops stortford and arrives by 21:15?|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge is my departure point, and I want to travel on Wednesday.|Is there a time you want to leave after?
No.  I'm open to departure time. Can you list the train ID and travel time?|The TrainID is TR4404 and the total travel time is 38.
What's the price?|The price for a ticket is 10.10 pounds.
Okay, thanks so much! Goodbye|Goodbye. Have a nice day.
I'd like to find a restaurant serving British food that's in the centre.|restaurant one seven serves British food and is located in the Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can you give me more information about this place?|It's located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. It's one of my favorite restaurants!
Okay. That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and price range?|01223337766, is the phone. It is in the moderate price range.
I forgot to ask for the address. Can I get that also, please?|As mentioned before the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge leaving sometime after 16:15 on Wednesday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely|I have located several options train TR8610 leaves at 17:35, TR0328 leaves at 19:35, TR5050 leaves at 21:35, or TR8230 leaves at 23:35. Would you like me to book tickets?
Earlier is better, please book me for one at 17:35.|Absolutely!  Can you please confirm how many tickets you would like to book?
I would like one ticket please. How long will the travel time be on that?|The train will take 17 minutes to arrive at your destination. May i help you with anything else?
No, thank you.|Okay, great! Have a good day.
Can I get a train from stansted airport leaving after 14:45 please?|You have a number of options, but first, what day would you like to travel on, and will you be heading to Cambridge?
Yes, on tuesday. Anytime after 14:45 will work for me.|We have 9 options. Would you like the first option after?
Yes, what is the arrival time for that option?|the departure time is 15:24 and the arrival time is 15:52
Thank you I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a cheap 1 star hotel.|There are no one star hotels, but maybe I could raise the star rating and see what I could find. Any specific location you'd like to stay?
As long as it is the cheap range, it should be ok|Ok, have 10 locations, 9 of them are guesthouses & 1 hotel. The price of hotel is cheap, but its a 4 star. What type of room do you want?
Let's try the 4 star hotel, please.|The Allenbell guesthouse in the east area of town is quite nice, despite being in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room there?
Maybe, do they offer free parking?|Yes, it offers Free parking and WiFi.
Yes, could you book The Allenbell for 7 people and 4 nights, starting Tuesday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8JGLKXB8.
Hello, I'm trying to find a train leaving on Friday after 09:30.|I would be happy to help you with your request, could you be more specific on where you are departing/arriving?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne on my way to Cambridge.|Can I get a time you would like to arrive by?
I am not particular about what time we arrive provided we leave after 09:30. Choose one for me and give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID.|I have train TR5678 leaving Broxbourne at 09:32 and arriving in Cambridge at 10:32. The travel time is 60 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the north area that has a cheap price range.|I have two choices that match, Royal Spice that serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria that servers Italian food.  Do either of those work?
Yes I would like  Royal Spice,  book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on the same day|I'm sorry, there aren't any tables available at that time. Would you like to try another timeslot?
How about at 18:30?|I was able to successfully reserve your table for 18:30. Your reference number is A2FWMXJN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
So I'm interested in portuguese food. Do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the South?|nandos is is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yes, please. 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday.|I've made the reservation and your reference number is J1DOHU0T.
Great I am also looking to get a train from london kings cross that will arrive by 12:30|I would be happy to help you with that. What day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday.|I have 4 different trains that will meet your needs.  Will you be traveling alone or with a group?
I'm traveling alone, can you tell me how much the train fare costs?|The cost per ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you?
Yes please book me on the train that arrives in Cambridge on Wednesday as closest to 12:30.|Done! Your train leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17. Please pay 23.6 Pounds at the station. Your reference number is IDCU3WFU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30.|I have booked you on one. Would you like a second train?
Opps no, that was an error on my part. I won't be needing anything else.|Ok, thanks for using our service. Have a great day!
Hello, I'd like some information about a hotel called the hamilton lodge, please.|The Hamilton Lodge is a 3 star guesthouse located at 156 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not today I was just looking for information. Thank you though for your help.|Is that all you need for today?
I am also looking for a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after 17:00. Can you help me with that?|Certainly, what day would you like to leave, and where would you like to go?
I need the train to leave Cambridge after 17:00 on Wednesday heading to Kings Lynn.|Great. I have 7 trains that meet your criteria. The first one leaves at 17:11 and is every hour thereafter. Would you like me to book one for you?
What is the cost and trainID for the 17:11 train?|The cost is 9.80 pounds, and the train ID is TR8627. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I'll take care of it myself. I think that'll be all for tonight.|Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.|Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.|We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.|Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?|Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday.  I need to leave after 19:30.|TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.|Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.|Are you sure you don't have a preference?
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.|We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?|What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving on Wednesday.|Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?|Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people?|Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I will need the reference number please.|Booking was successful I will get you the reference number
Okay, I need that. Didn't they give you a reference number when you booked it?|I apologize for that. The booking number is OWXJ46II and the cost will be 22 GBP.
Thanks. Now please help me find a moderate guesthouse that offers wifi|There are 14 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge, but no area or star rating preference. Just the free wifi. Any suggestions?|I recommend avalon, which is a 4 star lodging in the north.
Okay. Can you book that for me? It will be 5 of us staying there|Okay. I just need a little bit of information to book that. What day do you want to check in and for how many nights will you stay there?
I will be staying for 3 nights starting Wednesday.|Sure, your booking was successful. Reference number is 1E4YWFGS. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now! Thank you, have a good day!|Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!
I need a train on Tuesday that arrives by 16:45.|Certainly, where is your place of departure and arrival?
I want to depart from London and arrive in Cambridge.|london kings cross or london liverpool street?
london liverpool street.|I have train TR1395 that leaves at 13:39 and will arrive in Cambridge by 15:07. Would that work for you? I would be happy to book your ticket.
For two people please. I will need the reference number. I also want to stay at the Lensfield hotel.|Your train booking was successful. You can pay the fee of 33.2 at the station. Your reference number is 14AXWO0V.
do you know the lensfield hotel? I need their phone # and how many stars do they currently have?|The lensfield is a 3 star hotel and the phone number is 01223355017. Would you like to make reservations there?
No thank you. That's all I need for now.|Ok. Enjoy your stay.
Hello. What sort of attractions are available in the center of town?|There are many! Does architecture interest you?
Yes that would be fine and I need the postcode of the one you suggest.|Try visiting Old Schools on Trinity Lane in the city centre. The postcode is cb21tt. Do you need anything else?
That is everything I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for something to do in the centre of town.|Great! I found a lot of things that match what you're looking for. Do you like architecture?
I would really like it to be a attraction type.|No problem. There are a lot of other options like boating, cinema, colleges, a concerthall, museums, nightclubs, a park, theatres and swimming pools. What are your interests?
Any of those will work. Which one is your favorite and where is it located?|I'd try the cambridge contemporary art museum, at 6 trinity street.
I also need a train on Wednesday, arriving by 19:00.|I can help you with that.  What are the departure and destination cities you were looking for?
I'll be departing from Leicester, headed to Cambridge. What do the prices look like?|The earliest train departs Leicester at 05:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:54. The cost is 37.80 pounds per ticket.
What is the travel time?|Travel time is approximately 105 minutes.
That's all that I need.|Would you like any more information on other attractions?
No, that will be all. Thank You for all your help.|You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge, looking for a place to dine.|I can help with that. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
turkish is really good to me|We have three options available. Two are moderately priced while one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the moderately priced. Kindly book a table for 5 people for me for Saturday by 18:00.|A table at Anatolia has been booked. The reference number is 4CKLSLAJ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday from birmingham new street.|What is the destination, time you want to leave and arrival time?
I need to leave Sunday from Cambridge and travel to Birmingham New Street, arriving before 17:45.|Train TR2236 arrives by 17: 23, should I book that?
No thank you, what time does the train leave Cambridge?|Sorry, there was an error earlier. The train you want is TR4905, leaving Cambridge at 15:01 and arriving Birmingham at 17:44.
How long is the journey between the two places?|The travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please make a booking.|How many people will be travelling?
I need five tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station.
Great, thank you. Is there a confirmation number?|YEs its littlelamb5. THanks
Thanks for all your help today.  I think that's it.|Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I need a train that leaves london kings cross on friday|And what is your destination station?
I need to arrive at Cambridge. I want the train to leave after 17:30.|There are 3 trains leaving after 17:30 on Friday, by what time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by 5pm.|That's physically impossible. You want to leave after 17:30 which is 5:30 pm and arrive at 5 pm? Try that again please.
Can I get the train ID and arrival time for the first train after 17:30 on Friday, going from Kings Cross to Cambridge?|the TR9139 leaves at 19:17 and arrives by 20:08
I am also looking for de luca cucina and bar, can you help me locate it?|Gladly. It's located in the centre and it serves modern European food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, can I get a reservation for Friday at 21:00 for 3 people?|Great choice! Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number 8W4EZQ1E. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is everything.|I'm happy we could be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side that includes free parking.|I can help you with that!  First, let me get more information so that I can assist you better. Are you looking for a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 3 stars and with free wifi please.|There are none in the East. Perhaps another criteria change?
How about the north part of town?|There's the Hamilton Lodge. It's a moderate price guesthouse that has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for one person for 4 nights starting Friday.|How many people are in your party?
Just myself for 4 nights starting friday please.|I made a reservation for 1 person at the hamilton lodge for 4 nights and for 1 person.  Here's their phone number 01223365664.  Have a nice stay!
Can I please get the reference number and I also need to book a train for Tuesday.|Sure! The reference number is 8PW074CW. As far as the train, where are you headed?
I am looking to leave Cambridge after 11:15 and travel to Broxbourne.|Which day do you want to travel?
I'd like to leave on tuesday, and could you give me the travel time?|Yes! Trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne have a travel duration of 60 minutes. The most suitable for you appears to be TR2368, leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 12:01. Would that work?
That will work for me. I don't want to book just yet, though. Thanks for your help. Good bye.|Well if there is nothing else I can help you with, have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay with 4 stars.|What area are you looking to stay in?
I'm looking to stay in the north please.|We have eight 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a specific price range or do you need certain amenities?
any can do as long it has a moderate price range|Okay I could recommend the Acorn Guest House that is moderately priced and rated 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Sounds good.  I need it for 3 nights starting Friday.  There are 6 of us.|I have successfully booked you at the acorn guest house for 3 nights starting on Friday.  Your reference number is Z6DIM0YM.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge on Friday.|Where will you be departing from?  I have a number of trains to choose from.  What time would you like to leave?
I will be departing from Norwich and should arrive by 16:30.|TR4828 departs at 14:16 and arrives by 15:35. Would you like a ticket?
how much will that train cost me?|It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book this?
No, thank you. I'll call back when I'm ready to book. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me find a train for my upcoming trip to your city?|what days look like the best ones to get a great deal on hotel with train ride.
Well, I want to leave on Saturday.  You tell me the best options.|There are 202 options that day! Do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 19:00.|Can you tell me where you are leaving from and going to?
Of course, silly me. I'd like to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Saturday, and I need to get there by 19:00 please.|Allright. TR0357 departs at 09:39. Would you like me to book you tickets?
Can you give me the ticket price?|A ticket from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge is 13.28GBP.
Ok, I'll have to speak with my friend to see if that price is acceptable.  Can I please get the address to the restaurant Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?|Absolutely, the address is 15-19 Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need their phone number.|Sure! Their number is 01223227330.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goedbye
I need a train to stansted airport from cambridge please.|Ok, what day will you be traveling?
Thursday. I need to arrive by 12:45.|The closest to thing I can find is a train leaving at 5:40 on Thursday. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 6:08. Is this okay?
Yes, that works.  Can I get the train id number and the price please?|the train Number is TR7966, it will cost you 10.10 pounds.
I need to find me a room as well.|What part of town would you prefer?  And, do you need internet?
Looking for something in the North, cheap price range please. Don't care much about internet.|There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. The City Centre North B and B, and the Worth House. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Sure, Saturday for 5 nights and 7 people.|I have booked the Worth House for you. The reference number is G7TDBIJU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does the Worth House have a star rating of 4?|Yes, the Worth House has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book the worth house for 5 nights starting saturday for 7 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is G7TDBIJU.
Thank you that will be all I need.|Okay, have a nice day! Bye!
I need a train to Cambridge. I am currently at Birmingham New Street.|Sure, when do you want to leave?
Tuesday, I'd like to arrive by 14:00, please.|Train TR4931 leaves Tuesday at 10:40 and arrives by 13:23 in Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, I would like to book for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8S88SBMF.
Great! Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a guesthouse?|Sure i will find you one and inform you as soon as possible
I need to find a place to stay. I want a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I can do that. What area are you staying in, and what days?
I need the place to be a guesthouse.|sory can you teel as about star of the hotel and the place
Any guesthouse with free parking and free wifi will work. Could you tell me where one is and the # of stars?|I would recommend the Archway House, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north side at 82 arbury road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
No but I am needing a train to stevenage.|On which day  will you be travelling?
We will travel on Friday.|There are 10 trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They run every 2 hours, and the first one is at 5:21. What is your preference?
I'll need a train that arrives by 10:15 and book for 6 people.|Ok, I've booked booked passage for 6 on TR6334. Total price is 76.8 GBP. Reference number is 9H137NC2. Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been fantastic. Thanks for all your help!|Great, glad I could assist you. Have a good day!
I have to find a place to stay pretty quick.  It has to have free wifi so I can work.  Can you help me find something?|Yes, what is your price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I don't care where it is.  I just want a cheap guesthouse.|The AllenBell is in the east. Their number is 01223210353. Can I book that for you?
As long as it has free parking and internet that will be fine.|Yes it does have both free internet and parking.  Can I help you make a reservation?
Sure. Would you book that starting Friday for 3 nights for 7 people?|Unfortunately, I couldn't secure a room at a cheap guesthouse for those nights. Would you like to try a different price range?
Can you make the same reservation but for 2 nights instead of 3?|I was able to successfully book that room for 2 nights. Your reference number is K7TSORMC. Is there something else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge that arrives by 17:30.|Sure, where will you be traveling to and what day?
I will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on sunday.|I can get you on the TR2-25, leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 07:06.
That sounds good, please book that for 7 people.|Thank you, I booked you 7 seats on TR2025 departing 05:21 and arriving 07:06. The cost is 211.67 GBP and your reference number is 5GWIPH95.
Thank you. That will be all.|Terrific, thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hi there. Can you help me find a train leaving on Friday?|Please tell me what town are you departing from and what is your destination?
On Friday, I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 16:45.|There are over 100 trains available, could you please provide a departure location?
I would like to leave from london kings cross.|ok I have one leaving by 05:17, TR5219, would that be fine?
Do you have one that arrives a little closer to 16:45. I don't want to get in too early.|TR8842 will get you there at 16:08.  May I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 8 people.  I'm also looking for a guesthouse type hotel with free parking in the moderate range.|Do you have a preference for the number of stars or the area?
May I have a reference number for that train, please?|Your reference number is RRNTTR7Z. We also have quite a few guesthouses, do you have an area you'd like?
For the guesthouse, do you have one in the moderate price range that includes free parking?|There are 12 options for moderately priced guesthouses, any area preference?
The area doesn't matter. I just need one with rooms available for 3 nights starting on Friday.|For how many people?
I need it to be for 2 people.|The Acorn Guest House on 154 Chesterton Road should be sufficient, shall I reserve a room for you now?
Yes, please, and I'll need the reference number.|I was unable to book that room for you. Can we try a shorter stay or a different place perhaps?
Sure, please try 2 nights.|The booking was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day?
Could we please try a different hotel that is close to The Acorn Guest House?|I checked with all 7 guesthouses in the north and none are available for even a one day stay starting Friday.  Could we try a different day?
Well I guess I'm out of luck, unless there are hotels in adjoining towns I could try.|Sorry, we only work with places in cambridge.
I am so sorry, can we start over with the guesthouse?  I do need a moderate, but for 8 people.   Still arriving Friday for 3 nights.|I could not book a room for that number of nights on those days in that area.  Perhaps try a different area?
Please try 2 nights on Friday and see if that works.  For a guesthouse, please.|Your room is booked at acorn guest house for 8 people and 2 nights starting on Friday. Reference number is 3M1I4Q7S. Anything else I can help with?
No, that should be all I need.  Thanks for your help!|It was a pleasure being of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge and call again if you need any further assistance. Goodbye!
Find me a turkish restaurant in the centre please|Sure I have 3. Meze bar and restaurant, anatolia and efes restaurant. Meze is expensive but the other two are moderately priced.
I want something nice. So let's go with the Meze Bar. Can I get their address please?|Sure, the address is 196 Mill Road. Postcode is cb13nf.
Alright, do any trains leave london liverpool street after 14:45?|yes, there are trains every two hours from liverpool street station. Do you have a day you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave on a Monday.|Are you traveling to Cambridge and do you want me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the train ID and travel time?|Well the train id for the 15:30 from Liverpool Street is TR9802.
That is all for now, thank you. Goodbye|Thanks for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday leaving after 21:00 please.|TR8873 leaves at 22:01 and arrives at 24:44. Would you like me to book?
For three people please. And can you give me the reference number?|Your total is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 5AXU412R. Can I help with something else?
I would like to book a cheap hotel in the south area.|I have one called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast which is actually a guesthouse. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book me a reservations for 3 people at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and find me the cheapest rate.|Yes how many nights will you be staying and when will you be arriving?
I will be there for 3 nights.|What day does your stay begin?
I would like it for wednesday|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, that would be great.|OK, your booking was successful. The reference number is UNV1RXY7. Can we help you with anything else?
Thank you! Yes, what is the star of the hotel please?|This is a four star hotel.
get me the address of the hotel and phone number|the address is 53 roseford road and the phone number is 01223512596
thanks a lot, that is enough for today|Please let us know if there is any way we can assist you in the future. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me book some train tickets?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.|You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?|Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Yes one ticket to hogwarts please?|Ah, sorry, unfortunately there are no trains leaving to Hogwarts after September 1st.
I am sorry, poor joke. I am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 3 tickets and ref number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2WI5Y9KV. Anything else I can do?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free parking as well.|There are no guesthouses that fit your needs. Would you like a hotel? There are several available.
How about one that is cheap?|There are several cheap guesthouses in all areas of Cambridge. Do you have an area preference?
I am not looking in any specific area. A cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking would be great. Can you recommend one?|Absolutely! I recommend Autumn House. Would you like a reservation?
yes i would like a reservation. thank you.|I can help with that!  I just need to know your arrival date, the number of people that will be staying, and how many nights you'd like to stay.
Thanks, I need for 3 people for 2 nights. Arrival is on Tuesday.|Sure I have your reservation and the reference number is ZYSDXL09.
Thank you for all your help. That is all for now.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello!  I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need information on places to stay.|ok Id be happy to help with that would you like a guesthouse or Hotel
i don't have a preference. I would like a room with a 0 star and free parking|Okay there is city centre north b and b would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer one in the east. How about a 4 star hotel with free parking there instead?|There are no 4 star hotels in the east section of town that offers free parking. Would you like to search for a guesthouse?
Yes that is fine I need the price range as well.|I have several options in the cheap or moderate price range with parking and wifi. How does the leverton house sound?
What is the price range of the Leverton House?|It's cheap. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please. I also need a train that leaves after 9:00 on sunday|Can you please tell me how long your stay at the Leverton will be? What day will you be checking in and how many people?
Actually, I apologize no need to book, I was just gathering information.  But I do need information on a train from leicester to cambridge.|TR1079 leaves at 09:09 would that work for you?
That works for me.|Is there anything else I can help you with today, bookings or more information?
Can you tell me the price of the train ticket, please?|The price of the train is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you so much, that's all I need.|You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful visit.
I hope so. Can I call any time?|We are available anytime, enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?|I found 14 hotels that match your criteria. Do you have any additional preferences such as location or number of stars?
free parking and moderate pricing|Would you like a certain area of town?
Yes, can you check the north please?|There are 9 hotels that match your criteria. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
No preference. I need someplace that can accommodate a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning Wednesday.|How about home from home, a 4star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road?
Yeah, can you book it for 4 people and 5 nights? I want to get there on wednesday.|Okay, I have made your reservation with reference #I1RR2BG7. Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you locate a shopping mall near the hotel?|there aren't any shopping malls.
Could you recommend a good place for shopping?|I only have attraction information.
Ok.  I need a train after 14:00 on Wednesday. It needs to leave from London Liverpool Street and get to Cambridge.  I need the train ID please.|The TR7978 is the one you are looking for. It leaves London Liverpool Street and 15:39 and arrives at Cambridge at 17:07. Do you need me to book it for you?
Great that was all the info I needed today, thanks!|Great. Please enjoy your stay at Cambridge and thank you for choosing our help desk.
I need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by 20:45.|What day are you traveling, and to which station?
I'll be traveling on wednesday, and I will be go to peterborough.|We have 30 such entries. Do you have a time you'd like to leave by?
Any time is fine as long as I can book for four people. I also need the reference number, please.|Alright. I booked your train leaving Cambridge at 19:34 and arriving in Peterborough at  20:24. The reference number is A8T38EJZ.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) with free wifi.|There are 9 different hotels that have free wifi that aren't guesthouses, do you have a price range in mind?
No particular price range but I would like it to be in the centre.|Cityroomz is a moderately priced hotel with internet. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work. Can I get the hotel's phone number?|Sure thing, their number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you for your help!|Okay. Call us back if you need me to book anything for you.
Thanks, have a good day.|You, too. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.|There are many, can I get an area you are looking for the restaurant to be in?
Yes I will like it to be in the center of Cambridge.|I'm sorry, "area" was in my head because you already mentioned it, but I meant to ask what sort of cuisine you might like.
I would like it to serve European food and be expensive please.|How about Eraina located on Free School Land, City Centre?
Thats a very unique name, and sounds like something I would like to try.|Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
I just need the phone number and post code please?  Can you also help me book a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving before 15:15?|Eraina's phone number is 01223368786, and the postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you very much, now I just need to get the train ID, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge by 15:15.|Absolutely. There's train TR5108 leaving Bishops at 13:29. It costs 8.08 pounds.
Wonderful. Could you please give me the train ID, the departure time, and the price?|TR5108  is the train ID anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome, have a lovely day!
Hi. I need a train leaving from Cambridge anytime after 21:30.|Where do you want to go?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|I have train TR2182 departing Wednesday at 22:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 22:58. Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect, I will need 3 tickets and a reference number please.|I was able to book you 3 tickets for that train. Your reference number is NYP3RNM4. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, did you have any other requirements?
Is it also in the cheap price range? Does it include free wifi?|I have 9 entries meeting all 3 requirements, are you looking for a certain part of the city?
No - could you please choose one for me? I don't like to stress out too much about travel arrangements.|Sure. The Alexander bed and breakfast is in the centre, and their phone number is 01223525725. Should I book you a room?
Yes, thank you.|I will need some more information to book a room, what day will you arrive, for how many people and how many nights?
I will be arriving Wednesday. We will need a room for 4 people.|Ok great I will book you a room for 4 people. How many nights would you like?
Let's just do one night for now. Can I cancel the reservation if I decide I don't need it?|You will have to contact the hotel directly to do that, do you still want to book the room?
No, thank you.  I am not ready to reserve quite yet.  Could you just tell me the postcode for The Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|The postcode is cb12de. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book the room and get the reference number please.|Ok. I am trying to book the hotel for 4 people for 1 night. You wanted the hotel for Wednesday night, right?
Actually I would just like the postcode and telephone number.|Sure.  The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should do it, thanks!|We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am hoping to book a 5 star hotel in cambridge that is expensive. What ones are available to book for next Thursday through Sunday?|I'm happy to help with that. Is there a particular area you'd like? What about amenities?
Actually, I'm not looking for a hotel at all. I'm looking for a train on Thursday that is departing Birmingham New after 12:15 to Cambridge. Is there anything available?|Twelve trains match your request. When do you want to arrive?
Anytime is fine by me. Can I have the train ID and travel time?|The train departing closest to 12:15 is the TR3498, which leaves at 12:40. The duration of the trip is 163 minutes.
Yes also I am looking to visit one of the colleges on the wets side of town.|I'm showing 5 colleges in the west end. 3 have free admission, 2 charge a 2.50 pounds fee.
Could you provide me with the address of each location including the entrance fee for them as well?|Three are free: Churchill, at Storey's Way; Clare Hall, at Herschel Road; and Magdalene on Magdalene St. The others are 2.5P, Clare at Trinity Lane; and Queens' at Silver Street.
Thanks you have been very helpful. That's all I need for today.|I am glad I could help. Have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford and departs from cambridge.|There are several trains on that route that run throughout the day. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Sunday and arrive by 11:15.|There is no train leaving at 11:15, do you want to change to a different time.
I am looking for a train that ARRIVES at 11:15 and would like to book it for 5. I also need the reference number.|I've booked you on the TR9904. The price is 40.40 GBP that is payable at the station. Your reference number is 3MF59CSO. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for particular place called Pembroke College. Do you have any information about this place?|Sure, it is a college located in the centre area right on trumpington street. Would you like the phone number?
What is the entrance fee and address of pembroke college?|There is no entrance fee for Pembroke College.  The address is Trumpington Street.
Thank you very much, that will be all.|Well then, thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.|TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!|All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.|There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel, does that fit the criteria?|Yes cityroomz is a zero star hotel.
Please book cityroomz for the 7 of us for Saturday for 4 nights, please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DIKDJE0U.
Thanks, I don't need anything else now! Bye!|Have a great stay!
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge leaving on Sunday.|I'm sorry, can you please restate your request?
I need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|There are 202 trains departing cambridge on Sunday. To narrow it down, where would you like to depart from and when would you like to arrive in cambridge?
I'm leaving Stansted airport after 11:00. I need the price, too.|I am confused.  Do you need a train leaving Cambridge and where is your destination?
What is the price for a train departing Stansted Airport after 11:00 on Sunday, heading to Cambridge? I don't need a ticket, just the price.|They all look to be 8.08 pounds.
Great, i also need something to do, a college maybe. What type of college attractions are available?|There are over 15 colleges located in cambridge. All quite amazing. Were you looking to visit one in the west or centre?
In the west and I will need the entrance fee if there is one, please.|There are 5 located in the west. Two of them are free. Do you want access to those?
I'll take the first one that isn't free, but I'll need the price and the phone number please.|The entrance fee for Clare College is 2.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223333200.
Got it thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That's all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I need a place for a modern european food. Moderate range ought to do it. Thank you.|I show three in the moderate price range. Two are in the centre and one is in the south. Do any of these work for you?
Yes, I need to reserve a table for 5 at 11:45 on Wednesday can you help me with that?|Alright, I have you booked at the Restaurant Alimentum on the southend. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: 1PF64MM2.
Thank you. I also need a train to go to London Kings Cross on Saturday.|I have 10 trains available.  Do you have a time preference?
I want the train to arrive by 10:15. Just choose the first train on your list and book it for 5 people. Then send me a reference number to confirm|First I will need to know if your departure is from cambridge.
Yes it's from cambridge. Please make the booking and give me the reference number.|I have book for you for the 5:00 train for 5 people leaving cambridge on saturday. Your reference number is 9DCSEY8P and the total will be 94.4 GBP payable at the train station. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that's all I needed for today. Thanks.|You are welcome, have a great day.
Hello, I am looking to book a restaurant in the centre in Cambridge and be moderate in price.|How about Restaurant One Seven, it is British food but just what you're looking for.
Thank you, I need to book a reservation for 2 at 16:00 on Thursday, can you please give me reference number?|Your table is booked at Restaurant Seven One. Your reference number is MF59X2RK.
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train from cambridge that leaves after 11:00. Can you help me with that?|Absolutely, you have many options. What day were you thinking of making this trip?
I need to leave friday and go to birmingham new street|There's a train departing at 11:01. Would that work? If not, the train's are every hour at 1 minute past. I can book whichever train you'd like.
Yes, that would probably work. What time does the train departing at 11:01 arrive at Birmingham new street?|It arrives at 13:44. Would you like me to book this for you?
Possibly. What is the train ID?|Sure the train id is TR6564, can I book this for you,
Not at this time. That is all I need, thank you.|Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
For now I'd like to hear about places to go in the centre of town. Where all the action happens!|There are many places. What do you like to do ?
where i can go using a train The train should arrive by 15:00 and should depart from ely|First let's take a look at what we can find for attractions for you. Do you like architecture?
Architecture will be fine thanks|I'd recommend all saints church, then. Would you like more information?
Yes can I get the address please?|Sure thing here is the address jesus lane.
Here I think we got confused. Lets start over. Please give me a recommendation of a place to go in the town centre. Please include the postcode.|The centre of town is known for its architecture which is seen by visiting churches and an old school. All saints church is popular and has the postcode cb58bs.
Thank you! I also need a train please!|I can help with that. What are your arrival and departure stations?
I am departing from Ely to arrive at Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on thursday please.|There are 10 trains travelling from ely to cambridge on Thursday, to help narrow it down what time would you like to arrive/depart?
I'll need to arrive by 15:00|Okay, that narrows it down to 5 trains. TR4992 arrives closest to 15:00. It will get you to Cambridge at 13:52. Would you like me to book a seat?
No thanks can I just have the travel time and the cost of the ticket?|The ticket price is 4.40 pounds. The duration of the trip is 17 minutes. Can I further assist you, today?
No. That's all. Thank you so much! Goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need information on trains leaving on Friday.|Ok, there are many trains that day. Do you know your destination?
I'm going from Ely to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave by?
If at all possible, I would like to leave after 16:45.|I have train TR2759 leaving at 17:35 and arriving by 17:52. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price?|The price for the train is 4.40 pounds.  Can I book this for you?
No thank you.  I need info on cafe jello gallery.|They are a museum in the west. They offer free entrance. They are located at 13 Magdalene Street. Their postcode is cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
Thank you for your help. That will be all.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
Could you help me choose a train running from Stansted Airport to Cambridge?|Certainly. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday after 21:15 please.|There is a train leaving at 22:24 from Stansted Airport on Sunday. Would you like me to book it?
yes, that would be great.|How many tickets do you need?
actually just tell me how long the trip is|The duration is 28 minutes. May I help with something else?
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.|Do you want a hotel or a guesthouse ?
I would like a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, please.|Sorry, I don't have any 3 star hotels in the moderate price range. Would you like to try a guesthouse or a 2 star hotel perhaps?
I don't care what area. Can you double check please? I also need wifi.|There are no results. Perhaps we could try a different type or star rating?
Sure, let me know what is available.|I have 2 star rating hotels. Would that work for you?
Yes, whateveryou recommend, can we book it for two people and four nights starting friday?|Booking was successful for the ashley hotel. Reference number is : OF50YGXK.
Thanks for your help. Have a great day.|You are welcome, goodbye til next time.
I need a train departing from cambridge on friday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving Cambridge and need to go to Broxbourne on Friday.|There are 19 trains for Friday that fit your needs, would you like to narrow that down with a time you would like to depart?
I need to arrive by 18:15 please.|First one arrives at 10:01, how many tickets please?
Just one please. I also need a place to stay with 0 stars and an expensive price.|Okay your reference number is PLUBRYFC.  I'm sorry but we don't have any expensive hotels with 0 stars. Do you have any other preferences?
I suppose 1 star would also be acceptable.|I'm sorry but we don't have any expensive hotels with 1 stars, either. Do you have any other preferences?
Okay, how about one that is in the cheap price range, instead?|City Center B&B and El Shaddai are cheap guesthouses with 0 stars.
Is that in the north area of town?|City centre is located in the north and el shaddai is located in the centre.
Can I get their postcode and addresses and whether or not they free parking? Thank you.|Their address is 41 warkworth street, cb11eg. They do have free parking, can I make you a reservation?
No thank you, that is all the information I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I looking for a restaurant in centre.|dojo noodle bar is a nice restaurant in the centre of town, it serves asian oriental food.
Is that restaurant moderately priced?|What criteria are you searching for concerning dining?
I'm looking for a moderately priced European restaurant located near the centre?|great, i have 4 options for you to choose from!
Please make a suggestion and provide the postcode, address, and phone number.|The hotel du vin and bistro is my favorite. Address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street cb21qa, phone 01223227330
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on Saturday.  I need to go to Kings Lynn from Cambridge please.  Do you have anything?|Yes, the TR6633 leaves at 21:11 and arrives by 21:58. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
yes please. book it for four people and send me the reference number.|Your train is booked, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station and 
 the reference number is : 63QMG2XO. May i help you with something else?
Would I be able to get a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross?|Sure!  What day will you be travelling?
I need to leave after 21:15 on saturday|TR0925 leaves cambridge at 21:00 and arrives in cambridge at 21:51. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book me 2 tickets and provide me a reference number.|Your reference number is VYR91INX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like it to have a rating of 4 stars.|I have 8 different guesthouses in the north.  Do you have a preference on price?
No preference on price and it doesn't have to include parking.|I have the acorn guest house located at 154 chesterton road.
That works I think.|Would you like to book a reservation at this time?
Yes, I need it for 2 people, staying 3 nights, starting wednesday|Your hotel has been booked!
I need a hotel to stay in for the same group of people just for 1 night though, and a reference number too please|Sure, I adjusted that for you, your booking was successful and the ref number is RP2PZDYV.
Great, thank you!|welcome and have a great day
have a great day too|thanks for using our service.
I am in the market to book a hotel tonight.|Okay I can help you with that. What area will you be staying in and what is your price range?
I'll be on the north side and it should have free wifi.  I'd like a guesthouse please.|The Avalon guest house is nice.  It is at 62 Gilbert Road.  Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking and can I get the phone number please?|They do not offer free parking at the Avalon. Their phone number is 01223353071. Can I reserve a room for you or is there anything else you need?
Yes I need train tickets leaving cambridge on sunday|May i please know you destination, preferred time of departure and arrival so i filter the results i have.
I am leaving kings lynn anytime after 12:00|The TR5507 train matches your description. The price is 7.84 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
What is the arrival time for the TR5507?|The arrival time of the TR5507 is 12:58.
Thanks you've been a great help.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am coming to cambridge and need a hotel in the north area. Can you find me one?|Sure.  We have the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge, both moderately priced.
Okay, thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
None.  Both parties hung up the phone.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs?
Wait, before you go, can you give me the phone number and address of the Ashley Hotel? And do they have internet there?|The Ashley Hotel is located at 74 chesterton road with a postal code of cb41er and their phone number is 01223350059.
I would also like to book a train please.|I can certainly help you with that. Where are you departing from/going to and what times do you need to leave and arrive by
I'm going from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Monday. I'd like to be there by 18:30 if possible.|TR7786 will get you there at 17:51.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect. Can I get 5 tickets please?|Definitely. Your are booked for 5 with a total of 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is VOU7M1EH.
Thank you.  That is all I needed.  Goodbye.|Glad to be able to help. Don't hesitate to get in touch if you need anything else.
I'm trying to plan a trip there. I need to find a cheap restaurant.|Would you like chinese or asian? Charlie chan serves chinese and is on the cheap side.
No, I would like an Italian place in the centre.|There are three: Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at any of these?
Ask sounds good. What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21uf, will that be all?
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday, and arriving at ely by 17:15.|The train arriving closest to 17:15 is TR4447 which arrives at 16:07. Would you like for me to book that for you?
Before I book anything can you give me the price?|The price is 4.40 pounds.
How long does the train take to get to Ely? And when, precisely, does it leave?|The TR4447 leaves at 15:50 and it's a 17 minute ride, arriving at 16:07. Should I book it for you?
Before I book anything, what is the price?|the price is 4.40 pounds
Thank you, please book me.|How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one ticket, please!|Congratulations! Your booking was successful and your reference number is SED9S4BH.
Thanks for your help|You're more than welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train to go to cambridge on tuesday.|I am happy to help with that. Can you tell me where you would be leaving from?
From London Kings Cross and I need it to leave after 18:15.|I have 3 trains available. They leave at 19:17, 21:17 and 23:17. Would you prefer one of those?
I'd like to book the 19:17 train for 8 please and need the reference number.|I was successfully able to book the 19:17 train for 8 people.  The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is L0TQ4FD6.
I will also need a place to dine. I'm thinking something cheap, after that. Maybe Portuguese food?|There are two cheap Portuguese restaurants located in the city, the Nandos and Nandos City Centre. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
I would like to dine in the centre area, so let's go with Nandos City Centre.|Sure.  How many seats will you need to reserve for the restaurant?
I will need it for the same amount of people.|What time would you like to make your reservation?
I would like to dine at 21:00.|Will you be dining on Tuesday as well?
Yes.  Please reserve a table for 8 on tuesday at 21:00.  Also can you give me the reference number?|OK, I've got you booked with reference number W5J24TC2, they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that looks great. Have a good day.|Thank you, have a nice day, too.
Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy the restaurant and trip!
I am looking for Williams art and antiques.|I was able to find it, what information would you like about it today?
I need the area and postcode, please.|Sure. It is located in the centre and their postcode is cb12lj.
Can I also get a train to broxbourne on friday?|Train TR7808 leaves 6:01 on Friday, is that suitable for you?
I need to depart from Cambridge after 16:00.|Okay, I also have TR5694 which leaves at 16:01 and arrives by 17:01. Would that work for you?
Yeah I think that'll work. Can you book me 6 seats on that one please?|Okay, I got that all booked for you. Six tickets is 107.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3NFAUXBY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great!  Thanks, that is all for now.  Have a great day!|Is there nothing else I can help with?
No thank you that takes care of it goodbye|Thank you for using our system.  Good bye.
Could you help me find a train? I am looking for one to take me to Cambridge and I need it to leave by 17:45 on Saturday.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge heading to norwich please.|TR7043 departs cambridge at 18:36 on Saturday, arriving in Norwich at 19:55. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Yes, that would be fine.|Would you just need 1 ticket or how many can I book for you?
I need to book the train for four people, and I'll need the reference number, please.|Booking was successful on train TR7043, the total fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is EN27M17A. Can I help with anything else?
No. Thank you, you were very helpful.|I'm happy to help. Have a great day.
Is there a train I can take from cambridge that leaves after 18:15?|The TR1006 leaves at 19:00.  Would that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and go  Leicester.|Sure. The TR9517 leaves at 18:21 on Sunday for Leicester. Would you like me to book it?
No need for a booking, right now. Could you tell me the arrival time?|the arrival time is 20:06
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.|Do you have a specific area in mind?
No, but I do need free parking and wifi. Also, are there any 0-star places? I'm feeling adventurous.|cityroomz is a moderately priced 0 star, but they don't provide parking. It's in a totally sketchy area called Sleeperz. Want to give it a shot?
Please give me the correct area of town.|it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road
Could you book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday?|Booking was successful starting wed. Reference number is : N18DU4NR. CityRoomz, sleeperz hotel, station road, cb12tz.
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge after 14:45.|We have quite a few options available. Is there a particular day you are needing this?
I am looking to travel friday and head to bishops stortford.|Train TR2730 departs at 15:29 and arrives by 16:07.  Would you like more information or to book a spot?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks, have a great day!|Thank you goodbye.
I'm also looking for a place for dinner. Can you help with that?|Of course, there are over 100 restaurants in the city. Would you like to eat in the same area as your hotel?
I would like an expensive Italian placem are is not an issue.|There are 5 restaurants in the area. I like Frankie and Bennys in the south. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes, 3 people at 10:15 on friday.|Success! Your table for 3 has been reserved at Frankie and Bennys on Friday at 10:15. They'll hold the table 15 minutes, and your reference is 90XE260X. Need anything further today?
No that's all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Don't hesitate to ask if you ever need anything else.
I'm looking for a train that departs cambridge on saturday.  Any ideas?|There are 202 trains that leave Cambridge on Saturday.
I would like to leave after 16:30 and would like to go to kings lynn.|There are 7 trips that would work. The earliest leaves at 17:11 and the latest leaves at 23:11. The train ride will be 47 minutes. What would you prefer?
I'm interested in the earliest one. What is the train ID?|That's the TR2840.
Alright, are there any 1 star hotels that offer free parking?|I am not showing any hotels with 1 star that have free parking, would you like to look for something else?
Does any of them have free wifi?|Sorry, no, I do not see any one star hotels with free wifi. Would you like to try another option?
Are there any with 4 stars?|We have three 4 star hotels that provide free internet and free parking.  Is there an area you would prefer to stay at?
Any place is fine, I go with whatever you recommend.|I recommend The Cambridge Belfry, a cheap 4-star hotel on the west side. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please and I'll also need the postcode.|I need more information on the number of nights and people.
I need the postcode, hotel type, and price range for The Cambridge Belfry.|the postcode is cb236bw. it is a hotel in the cheap price range. when would you like to stay from, how many people, and for how long?
Forget about booking it, just please tell me what type of hotel it is.|The cambridge belfry is a hotel, not a guesthouse. May I help  with something else?
That was all I needed.  Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am trying to book a train to broxbourne. Can you help me?|Yes I can. When will you be traveling?
I need to arrive by 15:00 on wednesday and depart from cambridge please.|TR8300 Departs at 05:01, would that work for you?
Yes - could you make a reservation for 3 people and provide me the reference number?|Three people are booked. The reference number is 9W4723ZW. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay in the east that has a cheap price range.|We have 3 for you. All are guesthouses and located in the east. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house. All have 4 stars and offer free wifi & parking.
Excellent. That's all I need thanks.|Are you sure I can't help you with a booking or more information about one of the hotels?
Actually, yes.  Can you give me the address and postcode for Autumn House?|The address is 710 newmarket road and the postal code is cb58rs. May I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Ok, if you need any further assistance, feel free to contact us again at any time. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking to book a train that departs from cambridge on saturday|Great! I have those trains up.  May I now get where you are traveling to?
I am goint to London Kings Cross and should arrive by 21:45.|Sure, I have a train arriving at 19:51 TR0427. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 4 people and will need the reference number.|I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is GW9K5282. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the centre area.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular type you're looking for?
I would like a mutilple sports attraction please.|Would a swimming pool work in its place?
Yes our family likes to swim!|Great! There is just one swimming facility in the central zone: Parkside Pools. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, please get me their entrance fee and postcode.|Their entrance fee is not in our system and they are in cb11ly
Thank you. That's all I need for today.|Have a great day.
Thanks, you, too.|You're welcome!  Bye!
I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.|I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area.|I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.|Ok I will book it for you
Are there trains leaving Cambridge after 18:15?|Yes. Can you help me narrow down the choices with a day to leave and destination?
I'm looking for one that goes to Stevenage on Saturday.|I have a train leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10, if that works.
Yes, can you book three tickets on it, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.72 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : S74F7IZS.
Great! Can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the americas food?|I do not show any restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I just need something with American food.|I have found Gourmet Burger Kitchen, they serve north American food, although they are expensive. Would you be interested in booking here?
No thank you, I am just gathering information for now|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I have the address for the restaurant.|Absolutely!  The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street.  Would you like the phone number?  Or anything else?
If there's no cheap American food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves Chinese food?|Certainly, there's Charlie Chan in the centre area that serves cheap Chinese food. Would you like more information or to book it?
Hi. I am looking for information about a hotel called Home from home.|I can help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced. It has a 4-star rating and offers free parking and wifi.
i would like to go there soon, so thank you for the information|You are welcome! Can I help you book that?
No, thanks. I do need to look for a train, too. Can you help me?|Yes, can you  tell where you are going and coming from please?
I need to leave from Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Thursday.|Ok, how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for 4 people. I need something that leaves after 10:45 as well.|We have many trains that match your request, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No any of them are fine. Please give me the reference number too.|I have booked your party of 4 on the TR3262 departing Cambridge for Broxbourne on Thursday at 11:01. Your reference is AGMKNY6Z. Can I help you more today?
No, thanks, that was all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to go in the centre. A college would be fun to visit!|Great!  I would be happy to help you find one.  Are you looking for one with free admission?
maybe, give me the address of one please|There are several college's in the centre.  How about Saint Catharine's College?  It is on King's Parade and has free admission.
Thank you. I also need a train to London Kings cross, arriving by 9|Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge, and would like to leave on Tuesday.|I have train TR3343 arriving at london kings cross tuesday at 7:00.  Shall I book that for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets please. Please send me the reference number.|Your tickets have been reserved, and just to clarify, that train departs at 07:00, and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 07:51. Wouldn't want you to miss the train! Ref#: AQDCG6N8
OK thank you that is all I needed today.|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
Hi, I want to catch a train from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you please tell me what the schedule is for the rout?|I would be happy to help. What day are you wanting to take the train?
I want to arrive by 15:45 on tuesday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3XNW24TQ.
Thank you goodbye|I'm sorry, the schedule for Tuesday shows TR0674 arriving at 15:38 in Cambridge. I will re-book. Is it one ticket you need?
I need a room.|I would love to help! Which part of town would you like?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|There are 12 guest houses that fit that criteria. Is there an area of the city you would like to stay in?
No specifics on area.|You might enjoy the Acorn guest house. It's rated 4 stars, and offers free wifi as well as free parking.
Could I book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday?|OK, I have your party in the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is: V4CGYNW3. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. Yes, I need a train leaving Cambridge to go to Stevenage.|I have 2,828 trains available, what day would you like the train?
I'd like to leave on tuesday after 21:15 and arrive at stevenage.|I have train TR7822 that leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and gets to stevenage at 22:10, resulting in a 49 minute train ride. It costs 12.80 pounds.
That sounds good.  That was all I needed.  Thank you.|Should I make reservations?
Yes, please I need the train I.D also|How many train tickets do you need?
Booking is not necessary, I just need the train ID|Ok, is there anything else that I can assist with?
thats it, just the train i.d|The train ID is TR7822 as mentioned previously. Anything else I can do for you?
Nah, that's pretty much it. Thanks.|Great, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel by the name of Acorn Guest House.|Sure, what would you like to know about it?
I would like to know if it is available for 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZZPP7K9D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, can you help me find a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Friday?|Sure, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 12:30 and leave on Friday.|There are 12 trains matching your search. Will you be wanting me to book one for you?
Yeah, choose one and book it for 8 people. Then give me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Your on train number TR4431 and your reference number is FL53PCPE. Anything else today?
No, that's all for me! Thanks so much, goodbye!|Have a nice trip!
I'd like a train leaving after 11:30 from Cambridge, please.|Of course. What day would you like to leave and what is your final destination?
I am traveling on Tuesday and going to Ely.|The TR7458 departs at 11:50, would that suit you?
Yes that sounds good can you get me 5 tickets please?|Thank you good bye
Can you get me the reference number please?|Yes, the reference number is 8MJZIG5A.
Thanks!  I'm also looking for a hotel named the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west part of town. It's very nice. Would you like a room there?
Yes, 5 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.  Please book it for me.|Okay, I have those rooms booked for you. Your reference number is 1CPJSXZJ. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now.  Thanks|you are welcome, don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.
Hi there. I would like to find a train to Cambridge for Thursday.|Sure. I found many listings. Where would you be departing from? What time do you wish to leave and arrive by?
I will be departing from birmingham new street.  I don't really care about what time it leaves but I have to get there by 21:30.|Train TR6105 will arrive in Cambridge by 12:23.  It costs 75.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
No thank you. I think that was all the information I needed.|Will you need anything else at the moment then?
I would also like to find out about any mutliple sports attractions you might have in the centre of town.|I'm afraid we don't have anything like that. If you're willing to go to the east side there is the Cherry Hinton Village Centre. Or maybe something else?
What is the price for that?|I do not have the entrance fee listed, but if you are interested in going there, you could call them at 01223576412 to determine their pricing.
Do you have a college attraction in the centre of town?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. christ's college is in the centre of town and the entrance fee is free.
That sounds great, can you tell me their postcode?|There postal code is cb23bu. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that should be all, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need some information on traveling from Cambridge. I'd like to go to Ely by train.|There are 70 different trains to choose from.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive in ely by 17:30 on thursday please.|Train TR0996 arrives in Ely at 6:07 and costs 4.40 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, can you book eight tickets please?|Got you the tickets. The total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 353TSC7M. Can I do you anything else?
I am also looking for places to go on the east side of town.  Can you give me suggestions?|I have about 10 different attractions. I have a park, swimming pool, museum, entertainment and a boating attraction. Which interests you?
I think I'd like to visit a museum, preferably on the east end of town.|There are 4 museums in the east. 3 have free admission and one is 5 pounds.
Any one will do. I just need the phone number.|You can reach the Cambridge Museum of Technology at 01223368650. They're five pounds to get in, but I think it's definitely worth it. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for today.  Thanks. You've been great!|Have a great day! Goodbye!
I need a train to Ely, please.|What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving Sunday after 19:30.|Can I ask where you are leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday after 19:30.|I have train TR3544 leaving at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would this work for you?
No need to book it.|OK. Can I help you with anything else today, then?
Yes.  I am looking for places to go on the west side of town.|Yes I have many colleges there. Can I suggest something for you?
Can you suggest some good architecture attractions?|Unfortunately, I'm not showing any architecture attractions in the west area.  Would you like me to look in another area?
What type of colleges are available?|There are five colleges on the west side. Churchill college, Clare hall, and Magdalene college all have free admission. Do any of those interest you?
Clare Hall sounds like it would be nice. Can I get their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I need to find a museum to go to.|In what area would you like?
Can you find one in the Centre area?|The Broughton House Gallery is a museum in the centre of town. It has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes. I would also like the postcode as well.|They are located at 98 king street, postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you.  I also need information about trains departing from Stevenage on Wednesday.|There are seven trains leaving stevenage and arriving in cambridge on wednesday. Do you have a specific time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive at cambridge by 08:15.|Ok, how many tickets do you need to purchase?
I would just like to know the departure and travel time of a train that will arrive by 8:15 please.|The train will depart at 5:54 and have a travel time of 49 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please, thank you.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 9T2OOW0C.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Thank you.  That is all.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for places to go in town, preferably something with boats.|There are 4 boat attractions. What area of town would you like?
Not sure what area, but could you pick one for me and tell me the address and phone number?|Sure, Camboats is always a good bet. Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge going to Norwich on Friday.|There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Friday. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on Friday and arrive by 20:30.|Alright, you have plenty of options. The first train available leaves at 5:36, and they run every hour until 18:36. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes, I would like to book the one that arrives closest to 20:30.  I will need tickets for 6 people.|Booked! TR4093 is your train, reference number is 08QY408D. 105.6 is the total fee. It leaves at 18:36 and arrives at 19:55.
I have everything I need.|Excellent. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you, you too.|Have a good day.
Can you find a train departing from Cambridge going to Kings Lynn? Thanks.|Absolutely! It looks like this is a 47 minute ride. What day and time are you looking to depart?
I want to leave after 21:00 on sunday.|I found a train for sunday after 21:00 leaving cambridge going to kings lynn. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for 1 and send me a reference number.|The reference number is TVFAM55I.
Hi, could you help me find a train going to Cambridge?|Where and when are you departing from?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross after 14:15.|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Friday|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Arrival time is not important. I just need to leave after 14:15. I will need the train ID and the price, please.|I think you'd like TR8842 train, it costs 23.60 pounds.
Thanks, it would be helpful if you also told me what time TR8842 leaves. Anyhow, I just got paid. Can you find me a high-end eatery serving European cuisine?|Train TR8842 leaves london kings cross at 15:17 on friday and arrives at cambridge at 16:08. Can I provide you more information or book it for you?
No thank you. I'll just need the address for an expensive restaurant that serves European food.|which side of town is most appropriate for you?
I don't have a preference really, please recommend one.|How about the eraina located at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like reservations?
no. i just need the address|its address is 01223368786. is that it?
I'm sorry, but I think you gave me the phone number. I need the address, please.|Sorry! As I said, it's at Free School Lane City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I was hoping you can find me a museum in the centre.|There are 11 museums in the city centre. I recommend castle galleries. Can I help with anything else?
Which museum is located in the centre? Can you give me a phone number and address please?|Try the Broughton House Gallery, at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Yes I also need a train to Bishops Stortford leaving after 20:15|I can get some train options for you if you tell me what day you want to leave and where you want to leave from.
I need to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.|TR1159 will have you in bishops strotford by 22:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for 6 people, and I need a reference number.|Okay, I've booked 6 train tickets for you. Your reference number is NW67NGNA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you helped with everything I needed today. Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for train tickets, can you help with that?|Yes, Where will you be arrive from and going to?  I also need a date and time.
I want to go to peterborough and depart from cambridge.|There are many trains going to peterborough from cambridge. What day and time do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave Thursday after 8:30 please.|I have train TR6009 that leaves at 08:34 and will arrive in Peterborough at 09:24. Would that work for you?
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 50 minutes.
Are there any 2-star hotels (not guesthouses) in the south that have free parking?|No, I'm sorry there aren't any hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there anything in the north?|In the north, I have 2 places. The first is the Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge. Did you need me to book you a room?
Yes please book me a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful at ashley hotel	.
Reference number is : DHVIHB9V. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that was all I needed.  Goodbye.|Have a nice day. Thank you for contacting us.
Please help me find a train from kings lynn to cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing?
Friday. I need to arrive by 11:30.|TR1612 will get you there by 9:58.  Plenty of time.
Ok, that sounds good. Can I please book 2 tickets? And I'll need a reference number, please.|Your reference number is RH4X9U1Z. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please.  I would like to visit a museum while I am in town.|How about the cambridge artworks?
Is it in the west?  I need something in that area.|If you'd like to be in the west, I recommend Cafe Jello Gallery.
Could I get the phone number and postcode of that museum?|Sure, the phone number is 01223312112. The post code is 	cb30af. Do you need any additional information about Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, may I have the address, too?|The address for Cafe Jello Gallery is 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like any more assistance today?
that is it i am good now thanks !|Awesome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
You too, goodbye!|Be sure to ask if you need anything!
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the area of center.|We currently do not show any locations that fit that criteria.  Would like me to look in a different area?
No, How about a swimming pool in that area?|Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place.  I do not have the entrance fee available, but the phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly
Thank you for the phone number. Thanks for the help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train leaving friday.|There are 404 trains that day, what destinations do you need?
I am looking to depart cambridge, head to ely, and arrive by 18:30|Alright, there are seven trains that meet that requirement, starting at 5:50 and running once an hour every hour until 17:50. Would you like me to book any of these trips?
Yes, please book for 1 person the train that departs at 17:50.|Booking was successful for TR9933, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : P4U5T2N6.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you very much for your time!|Enjoy your trip!
Hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after 18:45 Monday?|Can you tell me where you want to depart from and want to go to?
I am leaving cambridge to go to london liverpool street.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No preference on arrival. As long as it leaves after 18:45.|How many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket.|The TR0117 leaves at 19:59 and arrives at 21:27. Would you like me to book it on this train?
That's all I needed about the train I also need some information on a restaurant called The Gandhi|Your search engine does not include the restaurant I've inquired about.
Uhm? Do you have any info about the Gandhi? I'd like the phone number, address, and area.|The Gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Center and offers cheap Indian cuisine.
Do you have the phone number of the restaurant? Also, what area of town is it in?|The Gandhi is in the city centre, and their phone number is 01223353942. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes could I also have their address?|Sure. The address is 72 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you very much.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Is there anything fun to see or do on the West end?|Cambridge offers many museums on the West end.  The Cafe Jello Gallery is one that looks fun. Would you like to know about more of them?
I just need the phone number, please.|The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a train arriving by 09:30 on wednesday?|Where will you be traveling to and from?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage, please.|I have a train that arrives by 08:10.
Okay that will work. I need to book it for 7 people.|You have 7 tickets for the train, your reference # is: 9VEQHOIF. The fee is 89.6, pay at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all|Great! Have a nice night!
I need a train that will be leaving from cambridge by 16:30, can you help me with this please?|Where would you like to go and on what day?
I need the train to leave on Monday before 16:30 for Ely.|There are 10 trains leaving before 16:30. What is the earliest you'd like to leave?
The latest I can leave to arrive by 16:30 please.|The last train that will arrive by 16:30 is train TR7177. It departs at 15:50 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, but how much is the ticket going to be and how long is the travel time?|The travel time is 17 minutes and the price of the ticket would be 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, and once I am in Ely I need a place to stay on the north side of town with at least a 1 star rating, and has wifi.|There are 11 possible selections in those parameters, do you have a preferred price range? Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
Any price range and area is fine. But, is it possible to look for a 3 star hotel or guesthouse instead.|Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a 3 star rating and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for you?
If they have free parking, yes.|Ok. I'll need the day, length of stay, and number of people.
First, do they have free parking?|I apologize. Yes, Hamilton Lodge provides guests with both free wifi and free parking. I can set you up with a room if you like.
Not at this time. thank you so much for the information. That's all I need today.|Have a nice day!
I sure could use a nice hotel to stay in. Can you find me one in the east? I don't need free WiFi.|There are three cheap options in the east.  Leverton House, Autumn House, and Allenbell.  Would you like the phone number for any of them?
I am look for a hotel on the east with free parking.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is in the east with free parking and interenet. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
Is that a hotel?|Yes, that is a hotel. Should I make a booking for you?
Does it include free parking?|Yes it does. Would you like reservations?
how many stars?|It's a 2-star hotel.
That will be okay. Can you book that?|I'd be happy to book it for you! I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I don't need hotel reservations. I just need address, price range, star of the hotel.|It is a 2 star expensive hotel, their address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park, phone number is 01223866800. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage on wednesday.|What time would you like to travel?
We need to leave after 17:45.|When would you like to arrive by?
No preference just fine a train that leaves after 17:45.|I have train TR0609 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10.
Please book 3 seats and send the reference number.|the reference is LIB89A1W.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Have a nice day.
I need finding a Portuguese restaurant|Okay let's find one for you. I've got two in town. One's in the south and one is in the centre. Both are nandos locations.
I don't have a preference for location but it does need to be cheap.|Both restaurants are cheap, if you are interested in a more expensive restaurant would you like me to check a different type of food?
no, i want one of those two restaurants.|nandos is definitely going to be the cheapest. It's the south side and I can get you a reservation there if you want.
Yes, please set a reservation for me.|What day and time do you want to make the reservation? Also, how many people are in your party?
Please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.|I will book that for you now.
Ok thank you for your help and I need a reference number|Your reference number is : CE5BU114. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 10:45.|Where will you be departing? And where is your destination?
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.|I can put you on the tr0627 it will get there a little early at 9:55, how many tickets would you like?
same group of 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BMSH4XDW. Anything else?
That is all thanks.|Do you need help finding attractions or booking a taxi? I can assist you.
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi. Please help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Yes, but I just want to make sure that it includes free parking and is in moderate price range.|Yes it has both of them,would you like to make a booking?
Yes.  Please book for 6 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|booking was successful. your  Reference number is : T49NV9KO
Thanks for settling the lodging. I also need a train to go to stansted airport which arrives by 12:00, please.|There are several possibilities for the train, I just need to know what day you need the ride booked for?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|There are 6 trains that match your query. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please choose the first option and book it for 6 people. And do remember to give me the reference number for the reservation|Okay, your reservation is booked with reference number SD46UL0Q.
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.|I hope your trip is wonderful.
I need to book a train to Cambridge|there a re  2,828  trains available, would you kindly narrow down your specifications
I am looking for a train that leaves Norwich on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 14:30.|Sure, how about the TR8151 which gets into Cambridge at 13:35?
Thank you. That is all I needed today.|You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south with free parking.|the lensfield hotel suits your request. Can I help you to make a reservation?
no i dont need to book it now. Just let me know their address and phone number please.|sure thing. it is at 53-57 lensfield road, phone number 01223355017.
That's all, thank you a lot.|It's my pleasure to serve you. Have a good time!
I am looking for entertainment places to go in town.|There a 5 entertainment spots in town. Is there a particular area you are looking to visit?
I'd like to visit the south side of town.|There are two places - Nusha and Tenpin.
Let's go with Nusha. What is the entrance fee, please?|I am not sure of the entrance fee.
What is the Tenpin's entrance fee?|I'm sorry, but neither venue provides their entrance fee to us. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train. It should leave after 19:15, and should go to birmingham new street.|On which day and from where will you be departing?
Friday. I'll take the first train after 19:15, please provide the train ID.|That would be the TR7769 which departs at 20:01 and arrives at 22:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Did you want me to book it for you today or no?
No, no need to book it for me. Thank you, that was all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train from Cambridge leaving Monday.|Where would you like to travel to?
I want to go to Ely. I need to arrive by 15:45.|I can get you tickets for an arrival time at 14:07,that is the soonest, is that okay?
Yes. That's perfect. Can you book for 2 people?|Yes, I made a reservation for 2 people. The reference number is K9R2W1I6 and the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great. Can you recommend a Concerthall to go to?|the man on the moon is a concert hall located in the centre part of town. would you like their address and their phone number?
Do you have any concert halls located in the west?|No, there are no concert hall on the west-side.
Is there one that is in the type of college?|Clare Hall is a college in the West with no entrance fee. Will that do?
Yes, that would work. Could I get the full address and phone details for Clare Hall please?|Yes, Clare Hall's address is herschel road and it's phone number is 01223332360.
That's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on Thursday.|There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.|The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : R4CR5ASG.
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.|There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
Yes try another area please.|We can consider a couple of options. There are moderately priced guesthouses in the east. The other consideration would be a moderately priced hotel in a different area.
guesthouses are fine if they are in the east. Do any of those have free parking and free wifi?|carolina bed and breakfast and warkworth house are both guesthouses in the east that have free internet and parking.
Alright, I'd like to book for 5 people and 2 nights on the same day as the train.|Your reservation for 5 people at Carolina Bed and Breakfast this Thursday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : BX36L29F.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I need to book a train on friday|where are you wanting to go to?
I want to get to Cambridge by 10:15.|Great.  I can help you with that.  Where were you going to be departing from?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford.|The TR2083 will take you from Bishops Sortford to Cambridge. It departs on Friday at 09:29 and you'll arrive in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book it?
No but I also need and expensive restraint in the center area.|What type of food would you be interested in?
molecular gastronomy|I do not have any of that sort of food. Shall I try another?
Yes, please try Italian food.|Might I suggest clown's cafe? It's an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre.
That would be great, could you get me the phone number, address, and postcode please?|I'm confused, are you interested in Indian or Italian food?
I definitely want italian food, please.|OK, would you like more info on clowns cafe to a booking?
phone number, address and postcode please|The clowns cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb11ln and they can be reached at 01223355711. Will that be all today?
That is all thank you.|im happy i was able to help. gooday
Good day to you as well. Again, thank you so much. Good-bye.|Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I'd like to find out when a train leaves on Sunday for Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from? And is there a preferred time you would like to arrive by or leave after?
I am departing from Stansted Aiport and would like to arrive by 13:30.|TR5358 will depart the airport at 12:24 and arrive at Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
What's the total travel time for TR5358?|the travel time is about 28 minutes.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|How many stars would you like?
It doesn't matter. I need it to be located in the south.|I would suggest bridge guest house.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes.  Shall I book for you? How many people?
I need a room to be booked for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day|Booked! Reference number: G6ORAH2J.
Thank you for booking and providing the reference number.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope. That's all. Bye now.|Goos-bye, have a great day.
I need to know if there are any trains that go to Kings lynn?|Thre are many. When would you like to travel?
On Friday.  I want to leave in the evening after 19:45.|Tr3765 leaves Cambridge at 20:11.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes for two please.|Ok, I have your tickets for train TR3765 booked for you. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is QK1CCHV5.
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the centre part of town|There are lots to choose from!  Is there a certain type of food you would like?
Asian Oriental food.|Dojo Noodle Bar ius a nice place, would you want me to book it for you?
Sounds delicious. Yes, for 13:45 on the same Friday for the two of us, please.|We have the 2 of you booked at Dojo Noodle Bar on that Friday at 1345. The reference number for your booking is R579XP9J.
Excellent, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Alright, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place to stay that is in the expensive price range and has free parking.|I have 5 hotels that meet what you are looking for. Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in so I can make a recommendation?
I would like a guesthouse in the south in the expensive price range.|There is only a hotel in the south in that price range. Would you like to try another area?
Is there one in the cheap price range?|I found one, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Can I have the address? Also do they offer internet?|The address is 53 roseford road cv22ha, and it does indeed offer free internet. Would you like me to book?
No thank you. I am also looking for a train though going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I'm leaving on Thursday, but to clarify, I want to DEPART from Kings Lynn and ARRIVE in Cambridge.|133 trains will be departing Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge. Can you tell me which day and time you would like to travel to narrow down the results.
I will be travelling on Thursday, and I'd like to arrive by 21:30.|The TR2788 train leaves at 05:11 and arrives by 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much does it cost?|Tickets for that train are 9.80 pounds each.  Should I book it?
Yes, please book that for me.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is ZPN560FR.
Thank you very much for helping me today!|It was my pleasure. Feel free to call us anytime. Have a good day.
Can you help me find a train to Cambridge?|I sure can!  What day and times are you looking for?
I'll be coming in from Norwich on Friday. I'll need to leave after 11:30, please.|How about TR9900 that leaves at 05:16?
That sounds just like what I needed.  Can you please make a booking for 5 people?|Yes, I'd be more than happy to book TR9900 for 5 people.  Would you like a reference number?
Yes please give me the reference number|Give me one moment to complete the booking.
Did you complete the booking?  I need the reference number.|I apologize for the extended wait.  Your seats have been reserved.  Your reference # is LR5KLQWT.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great I'm also looking for a park to visit in the centre of town.|Okay. The only park in the centre is cambridge university botanic gardens. Their address is bateman street, postcode is cb21jf, phone number is 01223336265, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That sounds great! Thanks for all your help; that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome! Please contact us if you need additional assistance during your visit to Cambridge!
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday departing from cambridge?|and where would you like to go ?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn, please.|At what time will you be traveling?
I would like to arrive by 11:45.|Train# TR7548 leaves Cambridge at 10:11, arriving in Kings Lynn at 10:58. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.|Yes, the reservation is complete.  You can pay 29.4 GBP at the station.  The reference number is: GSD9FUA7.  Can I help you further?
I am looking for museum type attractions in the centre of town|I have found 11 museum attractions. Do you have a preference or would you like me to suggest one?
I would like one with free admission.|primavera has free admission. Their address is 10 king s parade
Thank you very much, that is all I'll need.|thanks you very much
you welcome and good bye|Good bye, enjoy your day.
Find me a train out of Cambridge to london kings cross|There are 70 results. Is there a certain day or time you'd like to leave?
I need it on Friday and it should arrive at London Kings Cross by 21:45.|TR1006 arrives at 19:51, would that work?
I guess that will work. Can you please make a booking for 3 people and when you are through may i also have the booking reference number.|Yes I have booked that for you and your reference number is E3M7QM9F.
i also need a place to dine.|Is there a particular cuisine or location that I can recommend for you?
Yes, British food in the West would be great!|Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west.
What is the phone number and postcode to Saint Johns Chop House?|01223353110 is the number.
May I have the postcode as well ?|Here you go cb30ad
Great, thanks very much, that's all I need!|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
i'm looking for a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast|Yes, alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the centre.  It is in the cheap price range.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I'd like to book the Alexander B and B for 6 people, 5 nights, and starts on Thursday. Can I have a reference number, please?|Done! Your reference number is 45NR6JNN. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train on tuesday and leaving after 19:30|I can look into that for you - where would you like to go?
Where I'd like to go is probably different than where I have to go, but I plan on going to stansted airport.|TR0768 leaves at 19:40. Does that work for you?
What is the travel time?|TR0768 leaves at 19:40, arrives by 20:08. The duration is 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No.  I am all set.|Have a great day then!
I'm looking for a train out of cambridge on Saturday.|No problem! Where do you plan to go on Saturday?
I want to go to Kings Lynn.|Alright, when do you want to leave and arrive?
Arrival time is not important, but the train should leave after 14:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : QA65LM7A. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. Sounds good|Have a wonderful day.
i'm looking for a nightclub|I have a lot of nightclubs in the city center. Do you want me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. And can you tell me what area it's in and what the entrance fee is? And the address too, of course.|Sure! The Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre. The address is 1 Wheeler Street. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you, I also need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.|Did you have a date or time in mind?
I need to travel saturday and get there by 14:45|TR5729 arrives by 14:08. Would you like a ticket?
I need 6 tickets and the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IHJSSXL2
Thanks for all the help!|I'm glad I was able to help. Thanks for using our service today.
I am looking for a very nice Thai restaurant in Cambridge.|I have 2 Thai restaurants in Cambridge, both are very expensive. I have one in West and the other in the Centre, do either of them sound good?
Please book a table for 15:45 on Thursday. I would like the thai restaurant in west cambridge.|How many people would you like a table booked for at Sala Thong?
7 people please.|Your reservation is booked. The reference number is L84LJ43R.
I also need to leave via train from cambridge after 9:15 on sunday, can you help me with that?|Sure!  Where will you be going?
I'll be heading to Broxbourne.|Alright, I see 14 trains here. Would you care for a booking?
I would like it booked and need the reference number.|Would train ID TR9580 leaving at 10:01 and arriving at 11:01 work for you? Would you like tickets for the same party of 7?
Yes, there are 7 of us who will be going.|I have you booked for 7 on that train, the reference number is PP68MYLF.
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm so hungry! Can you find me an expensive restaurant?|Well if your going to be in the centre then may I suggest kymmoy? They serve asian oriental
Actually, I'd prefer some good German food. Is there an expensive German restaurant in the city centre?|I don't have an expensive German restaurant in the centre. We could try a cheaper restaurant or in a different location if you like.
How about one that serves mediterranean food in the same parameters?|Yes, there are two! La Mimosa and Shiraz. Which one do you prefer?
I'd like to try La Mimosa. Could I get a table for 8 at 15:30 on Friday? A reference number would be great. Thank you|Your table is reserved for Friday, reference number 6HD6GFXN. Can I help you with anything else today?
How much should I expect the cost per person to be at this place?|I am not sure the exact price per person.
That's fine then.  Thank you for your help.|You're quite welcome, have a great day!
I am planning a trip and need to book a train to Birmingham.|When would you like to leave?
I would like it to leave after 11:45.|What day will you be travelling on?
I need to leave on Sunday and depart from Cambridge. What will my arrival time be?|I have train TR0686 leaving sunday at 12:01 and arriving at 14:44. Would you like to book that?
That might work but I'll have to think about it. In the meantime, what details can you give me about Scudamores Punting Co?|Its a lovely boat in the center. Would you like me to get you the address and phone number?
That's okay. That's all I need today. Thank you for your help, goodbye!|Good bye, enjoy your stay at Cambridge.
I'm looking for some romanian food around here.|I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants available.
Ok, let's try to find an asian oriental restaurant.|I have five. Is there an area you prefer?
I need a cheap price range.|I would rcommed the j restaurant, would you like me to book you?
Yes I need a reservation for 6 people at 17:30 on a Saturday.|Great, I will book that for you now.
I need a confirmation number too thank you|The reservation number is RFD4W3BO. Anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train I'd like the train to arrive by 14:15 and to be here on Saturday.|Okay and where are you departing from?
I need to depart Leicaster and arrive in cambridge 14:15 on saturday. I'll just need the travel, no booking.|There is a train that departs at 9:09 from Leicester on Saturday at arrives at 10:54 the same day in Cambridge. Is this good?
Yes.  Can I get the travel time?|The travel time is 105 minutes.
Thanks! I guess that's all I need. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome, just let us know if you need anything else!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderately price range that includes free parking.|what about the bridge guest house
Okay, does it have 4 stars and does it include free wifi?|No, unfortunately it only has 3 stars. I do have a guesthouse called Limehouse that is 4 stars. It comes highly recommended.
Just to be clear is Limehouse also moderately priced with free parking and wifi?|Yes that is correct.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please?|01223353888 is the number cb41da postcode. Address is 154 chesterton road
Thank you.  Can you also help me find a train?|why sure where are you departing from where are you going and when?
Cambrdige to liverpool london street, leaving after 08:15 on sunday|There is a 09:59 that would arrive by 11:27.  Does that work?
Yes, can you give me the travel time and the price of a ticket?|The travel time for TR0995 is 88 minutes and the ticket price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket (or tickets) for you?
No. Thank you that will be all for today. Goodbye|I am glad to help have a nice stay
I need a to find a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge.|Do you want the earliest train?
It needs to leave after 9:15|There are 105 trains making that trip do you have a day you need to travel?
I am looking to leave on Thursday. Can you also please give me the train ID for this trip?|TR0031 leaves at 9:24, would you like me to book it for you?
That might be cutting it a little close. Maybe one an hour later?|Okay I have a 10:24 that arrives at 10:52.
Can you give me the train ID for the 10:24?|Sure, the TR2635	train leaves at 10:24 and arrives at 10:52 with a travel time of 28 minutes.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.|Did you need anything else today, or may I close this conversation in our system?
That's all. Thank you.|Thank you, have a good day. Goodbye.
I would like to book a hotel room for two.|Okay, is it possible you meant to say you needed to find a train? I can help you with that.
Yes, sorry.  I need to leave Stansted airport on Tuesday.|And what is your destination?
Cambridge. Please give me departure time and travel time.|Would leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52 work?
It most certainly would, thank you.  I am not ready to book, can you just give me the travel time for that trip?|The travel time is 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No, that's all, thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi! I need a train from London Liverpool street sometime after 19:30, please.|That should be no problem! What day are you traveling?
I would like to go this Saturday to Cambridge.|TR2361 will be departing london liverpool street Saturday at 21:39, there is also one an hour earlier. Would you like to book a ticket for one?
I'll take the 21:39, I'll need 7 tickets please.|Alright, your tickets have been booked and the reference number is ZI1RMKW7. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You have been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you very much and have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. What would you recommend?|I found few restaurant that serve Asian and British food which food you prefer?
Lets go with Asian. Can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on Wednesday?|Okay, I have booked you a table at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is OWLN59MN.
Thank you but I also need a train that is going to leicester and should depart from cambridge|Sure thing - what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need the train to arrive by 12:00.|TR1755 arrives in leicester at 11:06. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes please give me the reference number|How many seats will you need?
Actually, I won't need you to book tickets. But can I please get the price and travel time for TR1755?|The travel time is 105 minutes and costs 37.80 pounds.
ok that would work go ahead and book that|How many tickets would you need?
Just for myself, please.|Okay. I have a booking and reference number for you. It is YE2KMQB2.
Oops, I actually didn't want tickets just yet, but I guess I'm stuck with them! Thanks for your help anyway, totally my fault.|Thank you for using our service have a great day.
Can you please help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for an average priced place in a guesthouse style. Thankyou.|I like the acorn guest house.  Do you need me to book a room for you?
Does the Acorn Guest House have free wifi and is it located in the south?|No, it's in the north, would you like something in the south?
Yes, I would like something in the south. There will be 5 guests and will be needed for 5 nights, starting Saturday.|I have 2 guesthouses in the south moderate price range. both have parking and internet. I'd suggest aylesbray lodge guest house with 4 star rating. Shall I book it for you?
Hopefully you can help me with my planning.  I am looking for a place to stay and have no idea what to choose.|Do you have any special requests?
it should be a three star  and internet is not a must|I found a guesthouse in the north area that's 3 stars at 63 milton road. Would you like to book a room here?
I was hoping to book a hotel if one is available.|When would you like to make a booking for?
Actually, I'm going to hold off on booking for now, but can I get the postcode?|post code is cb41xa, anything else today?
I also need a train leaving Cambridge after 18:15|What is your destination?
I'm going to Broxbourne on Sunday.|What time could you like to arrive by?
7:00 am Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Just to clarify, at first you said leaving after 18:15, but that said arriving before 7, before I book, can we confirm the time once more?
Can leave anytime after 18:15.|Great TR 8991leaves at 19:01 and is a one hour trip, does that work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you tell me what the arrival time is?|The arrival time is 20:21.
thank you that will be all.|Enjoy your trip.
Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?|Absolutely. Where are you coming from?
I'm departing from birmingham new street.|I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?
Yes please book me for one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KHBLJGHN.  Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?
Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?
The area of town is not important, but I would like a hotel with free parking and four stars.|I have the allenbell would you like information on that?
Yes please. Can you tell me anything about it- How big are the rooms? Do they offer suites?|I don't have that information in front of me I can give their phone number
Yes, I need the phone number please!|01223210353 is the phone number
Could you go ahead and book me the guesthouse?|What day would you like the reservation to be on?
I am not looking to book just yet, actually.  Just please find information on guesthouse in the cheap price range.|I have several to choose from is there an area you'd prefer?
It needs 4 stars please.|Ok! I highly suggest the Leverton House. What information are you looking for?
I just need their phone number please.|Sure, the phone number is 01223292094.  Can I be of further assistance?
No thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome, have a good day.
Are there any Swedish restaurants in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, I do not show any Swedish restaurants.  Is there another type of restaurant I could find for you?
Yes an you search for christmas food?|I am sorry I do not have anything listed matching that request. Any other type of food?
What about a moderately priced European restaurant? I need a reservation for 3 people at 14:30 on Thursday. Could you provide the reference number after making the reservation?|There are 11 different restaurants serving European food. What area of town would you like?
I don't have a preference on the area. If you could recommend on that would be great.|If I may, might I suggest The Michaelhouse Cafe. They are located at St. Michae's Church Trinity Street City Centre. They have amazing food.
Sounds like an excellent choice. Please proceed with making a reservation. Thanks!|You're all booked. Reference number is OBL5NIMY.
I also need a train to leave Friday and arrive by 08:15 from bishop stortford by cambridge. Can you give me the depart time?|TR3450 leaves at 7:29. Can I help you with anything else today?
I actually need the train to arrive at Bishops Stortford, not depart from. So sorry for the confusion.|train TR2061 should fit you.
Great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford?|The departure time is still the same, 7:29.
Alright. That is all I needed. Thank you very much.|Have a great time.
Hey planning on coming out there. Please suggest a train that would arrive in cambridge at 12:30!|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne.|There is a 09:32 that would arrive by 10:32 for 17.90 pounds.  Does that sound good?  There are other options if you'd like to leave later.
That works,  can you book seats for 4 on that and give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : BIBTGCNA. is there anything else i can help you with?
Do you have any suggestions for entertainment that are in town center?|We have lots of museums, architecture, and colleges. What would you be most interested in?
I would like a museum.|There are 11 in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit? There are many art galleries and some science museums.
My first choice, actually, is not a museum, but an entertainment attraction. What type of entertainment attractions are available?|We don't have any in centre.  Maybe  a different part of town?
You know, on second thought a museum may be fun. Could you search listings for a museum in the centre?|There are 11 museum in the city centre. Is there a particular type of museum you're interested in? Art? Science?
Art sounds good. Let's try that.|Cambridge contemporary art is very edgy. The address is 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, and it is free. Do you need more information?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any more assistance.
I'm looking for a train, actually. I need to go to Broxbourne on tuesday after 10:15.|There are 13 options available. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No, not particularly.  Sooner the better, I suppose.|Train TR2130 leaves at 11:01, with the rest following in one hour increments.
Ok. What is the travel time? When does the train arrive?|It arrives at 12:01.  Shall I book it for you?
How long is the train ride?|Train TR2130 goes from cambridge to broxbourne, the travel time is 60 minutes. Can I book that train for you?
Sure, why not? Thank you.|I've reserved your ticket. The total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is NZE7UPOS.
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.|Happy I was able to accommodate you.
I am looking for a zero star hotel in Cambridge.|Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel available.
Is it a mid-budget hotel? I'm also looking for a hotel that's located near the centre.|Cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced. It is the only hotel to your specifications. Shall I book you a reservation?
Does it have internet?|Yes, it does!
What is the address?|The address of this Cityroomz is Sleeperz Hotel, Station road. Postcode cb12tz. Would you like help booking a stay?
No, thanks. I will need a train to Bishops stortford, though.|Sure! Which day and time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to depart on Friday from Cambridge. I'd like to arrive at Bishops Stratford by 12:30. Can you tell me a departure time please.|There are four trains that fir your criteria. The departure times are 05:29, 07:29, 09:29 and 11:29. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes,please book for 07:29.|I will be happy to book you on train TR6809 leaving at 7:29 and arriving at 8:07. How many tickets would you like for this train?
Actually hold off on that part, I'm not sure how many tickets I need yet.|Okay I have not booked a train yet, is there something else you'd like me to look up for you?
No that was all I needed for today. Thanks!|Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you! Goodbye!
Please dig up some information on the mutliple sports in the centre for me|I'm afraid there isn't one. Can I help you find something else?
Oh well. I guess maybe a theatre instead.|There are 4 theatres in the centre. They are adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number of adc theatre?|The entrance fee isn't listed, but you can reach them by phone at 01223300085. The postcode is cb58as.
Thanks I also need a train that's going to cambridge.|No problem, where will that be coming from?
I need to leave from Norwich sometime after 20:15 on Saturday.|TR0615 departs at 20:16 and arrives by 21:35. Would you like a ticket?
No.  That is all the info I need.|Ok, have a good day!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|Sure, where would you like to go?
I'm going to Cambridge from Liverpool Street. On Sunday.|I have many trains leaving and arriving all day. Do you have a preference for time of travel?
I need to leave after 11:15.|The TR9025 leaves at 11:59 and gets you into London Liverpool Street by 13:27. Would you like to book it?
I need to know the price and travel time please|The train will cost 13.28 pounds a ticket and leaves at 11:59.
Thanks I'm also looking for a restaurant called Charlie Chan can you find some information for me?|Charlie chan is a cheap chinese reasurant in the centre. Phone number is: 01223361763 postcode :cb21db Address: Regent Street City Centre. Do you need anything else?
That would be all thanks !|Enjoy your meal sir and you are welcome.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?|Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.|Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.|i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|Sure! What restaurant are you looking for?
I'd like a restaurant in the centre in the moderate price range, what can you recommend?|Personally, I think the Yippee Noodle Bar is a lot of fun. They serve Asian Oriental.
Sounds good to me. Please book for one, 16:30 on Thursday.|Great your reservation was successful and your reference number is MXJRF0K1.
Thank you. I also need to find out about trains.|What is your destination and the day you will be traveling?
I would like to travel to Cambridge on Thursday.|Just so I can get you accurate information, what's your departure location and time?
I would like to depart from Peterborough on Thursday.  I am pretty open as to departure time, but need to arrive by 08:30.|I have the TR7094 which will get you there by 08:09, how many ticket please?
Just for one person please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : A9EBXB7W. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need. Good bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great time!
I would like a train that is going by cambridge.|Where would you be departing from?
Kings lynn on thursday.|There are several trains leaving throughout the day. What is your departure time?
The train should arrive by 15:45 and should go to cambridge,can you book it for me ?|Let me get a bit more information from you.  We trains leaving every hour from 05:11 to 14:11, would you like a morning or afternoon departure?
I don't have a preference as long as I arrive at 15:45.|I have train TR2162 arriving at 14:58 can I book you seat/s for that one?
I don't need a ticket right now, but can you give me the departure time and total travel time, please?|It leaves at 14:11 and lasts 47 minutes. Is there anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a restaurant that serves North American food. Preferably in the expensive price range.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen serves North American cuisine. Would you like more info on this website? Or would you like me to book it for you?
Book a table for 8 people at 20:30 on thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZMG68R1Q. Can i help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving no later than 13:30.|Okay great! Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge.|I have train TR0188 that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08, will that work for you?
Does TR0188 leave on Tuesday?  I need a booking for 2 people on Tuesday.|I can go ahead and book that for you.
Yes, please book it.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will need the reference number.|OK, I actually booked you on TR7621. That's the 12:40 on Tuesday to Stansted. Your reference number is R14O2PJF.
I also need help finding a place to go. Are there any cinemas I could visit?|the vue cinema is in the city center. would you like to purchase tickets or know more?
All I need is the postcode.|Their postcode is  cb11ps.  Could I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.|Have a great day!  Goodbye!
I'm  looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|I have 44 results for attractions in the town centre, could you be more specific on what type of attraction you would like to visit?
Do you have any nightclubs?|Yes, there is a place called the Ballare nightclub. Does that interest you or do you want me to find something else?
Can I get their phone number and address please.|You can find the ballare at heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great.  I also need train schedule information going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what day you will be travelling?
I want to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:00.|Alright, when would you like to leave by?
It doesnt matter when I leave, as long as it arrives by 20:00. The booking should be for 8 people as well.|Great! I was able to get you 8 tickets for thursday. Your reference number is 8E1G3PPD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything I needed.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You, as well. We can end the conversation now!|I'll take care of that right now. Bye!
Can I get some information on a train?|Sure!  I'll be glad to find some information for you if you could provide me with your destination choice and the day you would like to depart.
I want to leave from Cambridge after 08:30.|Sure, I can find that information for you.  Were will you be departing from?
I will departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stansted Airport. I need to find a train for Monday for 7 people to leave after 8:30 am.|There is no train available on Monday for this time. Would you like to change your departure time?
Hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 08:30? All day?|I'm sorry for the confusion, there are actually 16 trains to choose from. They depart every hour beginning at 08:40 through 23:40. Do you prefer an early departure time?
I would like an early train, yes. As close to 8:30 as possible. I need tickets for 7 people.|Okay, I got you 7 tickets on the train leaving at 8:40. Your reference number is KVV4HJSU
Cool. Now I will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 2 stars and free wifi|Sure thing, I found 2 hotels in the North matching that criteria. I recommend the Ashley hotel which offers free parking & WiFi. Would you like a reservation?
I sure would. Please book for the same number of people beginning on Friday for 3 nights Again, there are 7 of us.|I can't book it right now, do you want the phone number?
No. I need it booked. Please try again.|The booking was successful, reference number JVOL9ZA1. Can I help with something else?
no thanks you've been great!|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Good bye!
I need to come to Cambridge on Sunday and I'd like to take a train. Do you have anything leaving out of Birmingham New Street on that day?|The trip is close to 3 hours.  Do you have a preferred departure time?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 9:15 please.|There is one train that arrives by 08:23. Do you want me to book it?
Can I get the train ID and also the price for this trip?|The train id for that is TR8730  and the price is 60.08 pounds per ticket.  Can I help you more today?
I am also looking for information on a hotel called autumn house.|What would you like to know about it?
I want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train trip.|booking successful. Ref number is X0JLKVVF. Anything else today?
Thank you.  That was all I needed today.|Have a great trip.
Thanks a lot for all your help!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat, preferably a cheap South Indian restaurant.|Hi, kohinoor is a cheap Indian restaurant, but doesn't specify that it is South Indian. Would you like the phone number?
Is it in the centre of the city?|Yes, it is indeed in the centre. The phone number is 01223323639
Ok, thank you.|Would you like for me to book a table at Kohinoor for you?
Yes, please.  18:00 on Wednesday for just myself.|I'm sorry, they're all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
how about 17:00.|I was able to book that, your reference number is HEJFVRPP.
Great! I am also looking for a train that leaves on thursday and departs from cambridge.|What is your destination?
Destination is Stevenage.  I would like to arrive by 21:45.  Can you book the train for me as well?|There are 8 trains that will arrive by 21:45.  What time would you like to depart?
What's the last train to arrive by 21:45?|It would be the one leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10. Shall I book it?
Yes, that would be great. Could I get a reference number please?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 5TM8STAM.
Thank you for the help, have a nice day.|It was a pleasure to serve you have a great day
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has 3 stars.|I can certainly help you with that! What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the south.|There is a hotel and a guesthouse available. Did you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range I just need it to be a hotel.|Ok, I can book you at the Lensfield Hotel.  What day will you be arriving?
I would like the hotel for 5 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.|I can book the lensfield hotel on Tuesday for 5 people and 3 nights, is this alright?
Yes, that would be great.  Please send me the reference number, too.|Would another day or a shorter stay work?
If you can't book it for 3 nights we can try two instead.|I was able to successfully do 2 nights, your reference number is VH33JKKF.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be everything. Thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|You really should be including something to search for instead of a general statement, what do you want me to search for?
Wow, you are snippy for an Info centre! Perhaps a museum.|I apologize for my early snappiness.  I'd be happy to find a museum for you to visit while your here.  Is there a particular area of town you'd like?
No, I'd just like to visit a museum, could you recommend one to me?|I highly recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery in the west. They have free admission. They are located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton.
Thanks! I also need a train to Peterborough on Saturday, please. I need to leave after 18:00.|can i book it for you?
Please, I'll need 3 tickets.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|TR5194 arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Is that cutting it too close or would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave Cambridge after 18:00.|I've booked 3 tickets on the TR2569 departing at 18:34.  The total is 39.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Reference# 6DX0OQTC.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge have a lovely day
I need help with the train schedule, please.|I have almost 3,000 trains on schedule.   What is your preferred departure day and time and arrival day and time?
I would need a train leaving Cambridge and arriving in Peterborough on Thursday at 15:45.|We have the TR4274 arriving in Peterborough at 15:56. Does that work?
That would be great, can you book that for 6 people please?|Of course. So just to confirm before booking, you are looking to travel from cambridge to peterborough on thursday before 16:00?
Before 15:45, yes for 6 people. Please send me the reference number. I am also looking for a hotel called Acorn Guest House.|I have booked TR8531 which arrives at peterborough at 1524. The reference number is PDLPM33D and 99 GBP is payable at the station.
I also am looking for a particular hotel called acorn guest house|The Acorn guesthouse is located in the north and is moderately priced. It has a 4 star rating with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book here?
Yes. I need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.|Okay, I have booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you, starting on Sunday, for 4 nights, for 6 people.  Your reference number is K69IOQ1Z.
Thank you for your help! How much was that booking at the Acorn Guesthouse?|I'm sorry but it does not say. I would suggest calling the hotel and providing them with your reference number to find out.
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number for the hotel please?|Sure, the phone number to Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. That's all I need right now. Goodbye.|No problem! Thank you for your business and I hope we see you again. Take care!
I want to depart from Cambridge by train.|I can help with that, what day are you looking to depart on?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|And where will you be heading to?
I am going to Stansted Airport.|and what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 13:00.|First train out after 13:00 is TR6193, leaving at 13:40. It's a 28-minute trip, and each ticket is 8.08GBP. Would you like to book passage?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.|Booking was successful Your reference number is TNU1H19G. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Yes please. I need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|You have some great choices.  Do you have a preferred cuisine?
Not really, no. What's the address, postcode, and phone number for your favorite?|Oh well if your letting me decide then kymmoy serves the best asian oriental food! Phone is 01223311911 postcode is cb12as and they are at 100 Mill Rd City Centre
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne.|When would you like to travel?
Well, I would like to leave on Monday.|What time do you need to depart and arrive?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by 15:45.|The first train departs Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01. Would you like to book this train for 17.90 pounds?
yes, please. book for 1 person|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is Q8BDX7AS.  Is there anything else I can assist with?
I would also like a place to go that is a  cinema and should be in the centre of town.|i have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road. their phone number is 08712240240. is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking in the north.|Yes, I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I would like a moderately priced hotel. Preferably a guesthouse.|How many stars would you like it to have?
That doesn't matter. Can you book a room for 4 people at your favorite? We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 3 nights.|I will go ahead and book you at the Archway House. Booking was successful. Reference number is : GJA79LYP. Is there anything else I can help you with today.
Yes I also need to find a train going to bishops stortford.|Could you tell me the day you will be traveling, and the time you would like to leave?
Yeah, we need to leave after 15:00 on Sunday from Cambridge.|TR3600 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at bishops stortford at 16:07. Do you want to book this train?
Yeah, get me 4 tickets please and then tell me the reference number|Booked! Your reference number is ZQ7T3ROI. Anything else you'd like me to help with?
I am all taken care of now. Thank you! See ya!|Okay, goodbye and have a nice trip!
Can you help me find a train from kings lynn?|the next train from king lynn is Friday 5:11 to Cambridge
Do you have any that would arrive at 17:45, leaving tuesday instead?|Yes, there are 12 trains that fit that criteria. Do you have a desired departure time?
Whatever gets me there as close to 17:45 as possible. Can you book it for 7 people please? Reference number and train ID would also be lovely.|All booked! Your train ID is TR8177 and the reference number is ZDTM4B8N. You will be arriving at 16:58.
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. can you help me with that?|Sure, what are you interested in seeing?
I am looking for some type of entertainment.|There's the Funky Fun House on the east side of town, does that sound ok?
That sounds great, may I have the postcode, phone number and area of town it is in?|Funky fun house is located in the east side of town, address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate postcode cb58hy, phone 01223304705.  Is there anything else needed?
Thank you so much. That is all.|You're quite welcome. Have a good day!
Can you help direct me a restaurant called Golden House?|Yes, Golden House is at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg.
Can you provide me reviews about this listing. Is this a great hotel and what are the accommodations. Does this place have good customer service|I'm sorry, I don't understand. Golden House is a restaurant, not a hotel. Can you please clarify what you're looking for?
Yes sorry I meant does the restaurant have any reviews? Also I need help looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving in Kings Lynn.|Sorry, I can't provide reviews. There are 19 trains for Saturday going to Kings Lynn, where is your departure city?
Cambridge|Okay I would be happy to book you a seat on the train if you tell me when you want to leave and arrive and how many people will be traveling.
just me, leave at 19:45. please tell me the arrival time and travel time|You can depart at 19:11, arriving at 19:58, or at 20:11, arriving at 20:58. Travel time is 47 minutes.
thank you|Happy to help!
I want to visit a concert hall. Are there any in the center of town?|I'm sorry there are none in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
I really wanted a concerthall in the centre area, are you certain there isn't one?|Actually, it looks like there is one named The Man on the Moon.  Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. May I have the phone number, entrance fee, and post code?|They can be reached at 01223474144, postal code cb12lf and I do not have any information abotu the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I also need to find a train to birmingham new street please.|Where will you be leaving from?
I want to leave from Cambridge after 21:15 on Monday.|The TR7001 train leaves cambridge at 22:01. Would you like me to book that one for you?
Yes, please book for me.|How many seats will you be requiring?
Two people. Could I get a reference number too please?|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is EJN85NL3.
Thank you very much. That should be everything.|You are welcome. Enjoy your visit!  Let us know if we can help you in any way.
am looking for a train it should leave on saturday and should go to cambridge|Ok, what is your departure site?
I would like to leave from Huntingdon and get to Cambridge by 9:00 pm.|Please confirm you are leaving from Huntingdon and want to arrive at 21:00.
yes, that is correct.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DDYPIE2S.
Thank you for all of your help! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our services.  Do you need any further assistance?
No I don't need anything|You are very welcome. Please let me know if you need anything in the future.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for places to visit in the centre.|There are churches, colleges, and museums.
I'm not sure which I'd like to visit, do you have any recommendations? Also, please let me know the entrance fee.|I recommend adc theatre. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Is there anyway to find out the entrance fee? I will also need to book a train leaving stevenage leaving after 11:45.|You can call ADC Theatre at 01223300085 to find out the entrance fee. For the train, can you tell me the day you would like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday going to cambridge.|There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from stevenage|There is a train leaving Stevenage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43 this Sunday. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes please, for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KY3BCCE0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all for today. Thank you.|Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.|I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after 20:15.|At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Are there any interesting places to go in the centre of town?|Yes, there are many. Do you have any preferences in terms of attraction types?
Not really.  Can you give me a favorite?  And the entrance fee as well?|There are many free attractions, types include architecture, college, and museum. Do any of these interest you? Or I can look for attractions that have a fee.
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee for the museums?|Broughton House Gallery is a free museum located at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Is there an entrance fee?|There's no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i need a train leaving london kings on Thursday.|Okay, where is your destination?
I will be going to Cambridge.|Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
i just want to arrive by 14:15|Do you need me to book that for you?
can you give me the total travel time on that?|The duration for all rides are the same at 51 minutes. TR2512 arrives by 14:08. Does that work for you?
thanks that is what bi wanted. good day|Thank you very much for using this automated system.  Good bye!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in when I visit next month.|Alright I've found quite a few. How about the acorn guest house?
Does it have 3 stars? I'd like my lodgings to be 3-star rated, please. I'm quite particular. I also will require free parking and Internet.|I would recommend Bridge Guest House.  It is in the south and has 3 stars with free wifi and parking.
Could I book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting Tuesday?|I'm sorry, but I was not able to book it. Would you like to try another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
Could we try 2 nights.|That was a success! Your reference number is G8JEZPDW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No,that is all thanks.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Oh sorry I still want to look for a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn which leaves at 21:15 Thursday.|I have two, arrivals of 22:58 and 23:68. Shall I book them?
I don't need tickets right now, but can you tell me the train ID for the 22:58 train, please?|The train is TR3495. Will that be all today?
No, that is all, thank you again.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, Im looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and arrives by 14:45.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Bishops Strotford.|I have an available train to leave at 05:29.  How many people will be riding with you?
There will be 5 of us traveling, I would like to make a booking and will need a reference number please.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is Z7EQWZDC. The total fee is 40.4 GBP at the station.
I am also looking for a museum to visit on the west side!  Is there any?|We have 7 in the west actually. Do you want to narrow it down further?
I'll take the one on top of your list and may I have the phone number please?|Certainly, broughton house gallery, their phone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all for now, thank you.|Okay great. Thank you for calling!
I would like a train going to kings lynn.|The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58.  Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after 17:30.|Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday|Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y. You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking.  I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.|Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking.  Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
Oh no, that's not good! I really wanted them to book a hotel that matches my criteria. Oh well.|Ok don't worry i'm happy to help.   Can I try a different area or star rating?
How about a guesthouse instead?|There are no guest houses matching either.  Can we try a different star rating or area?
Yes that does sound good.|acorn guest house is in the north, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Will this work for you?
book for the same number of people and 2 nights starting sunday|that was just for yourself, correct?
Yes 1 person please.|Ok you are booked at the Acorn Guesthouse for 2 days starting Sunday. Your reference number is WTCEQW. Will there be anything else?
That is all I need.|Fantastic! Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I need to book a train that departs after 14:30 from Broxbourne please.|Where will you be traveling to? I have multiple options for trains leaving after 14:30 from Broxbourne
I need a train to Cambridge, please.|And what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Broxbourne Tuesday.|How many tickets?
I don't need to book right now. Could you just give me the train ID.  I'll need one that leaves after 14:30 Tuesday.|The first available train on Tuesday leaves at 14:32. The train id is TR9417. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Im looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi and has 4 stars.|There are quite a few guest houses in Cambridge that would meet your needs. Do you have a preferred price range or area of town?
No preference on either. Can you recommend me a place and can I get a postcode for that guesthouse?|The warkworth house is a great choice for you, should we book a room? The postcode is cb11ee.
Yes, that sounds great.|How long will your stay be and when will it begin?
I'm not sure, actually. Just doing some research. Could you tell me what the price range is on the Warkworth?|It appears to be moderate.  Is that ok?
Yes that is fine.|OK, it seems to have 4 stars and offers both free internet and free parking.  Is there any other information I could get for you?
No thank you. That is it.|Okay, glad I could be of assistance.
Hello I am looking for a place in the north to dine and they need to serve chinese food|There are three Chinese restaurants in the north: Hakka (expensive), The Hotpot (expensive), and Golden Wok (moderate).  Would you like more information on any of these?
Hakka sounds good, I'm looking for something expensive. What else can you tell me about them?|Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant on the north side of the city, on Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please! There will be 5 of us on Wednesday at 17:00.|Success! Your reference number is A7G7J0KF
Thanks so much. I also need train tickets for wednesday as well, I will be going to cambridge.|From where will you be departing that day?
From Leicester please.  I need to arrive in Cambridge by 10:30.|I have train TR1903 leaving leicester at 5:09 and arriving in cambridge at 6:54 on wednesday.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I will also need the reference number and price.|I'll gladly book your tickets. How many would you like?
Nevermind, just remembered I may have to do something else that day. Could you just give me the price for a ticket? That way I'll know and can get my own.|Sure - that's a pricey train ride, with a fare of 37.80 GBP per person. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks for your help!|It was a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need to leave bishops stortford. Do you have a train going out?|I am sure I do, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and would be leaving on Thursday after 16:30. What is available then?|There's a train that leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Does that sound okay?
Yes, that would work. What is the price of a ticket?|They are 10.10 pounds each
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves chinese food.|There are several Chinese restaurants in the centre of town.  What price rnge are you looking for?
I prefer something expensive.|I have 4 choice for you. The Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Does one of these sound like something you would like to try?
The Ugly Duckling sounds interesting! What's their address?|The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21tw. Is there anything more I can help with?
No thank you. That is all.|Fantastic, have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel with a star of four with free wifi.|We have 21 hotels and guesthouses that match those requirements. Do location or price matter?
I would like a guesthouse.  Location and price aren't important.|Okay.  I would recommend the A and B Guest House on the east side of town.
Ok, please book for 4 nights beginning thursday for 2 people.  Thank you.|What day will you be checking in?
Oh before you book, please advise on whether they have free parking or not.|They do not have free parking but they do have free internet.
Well that does not work,can I get the phone number anyway?|their phone number is 01223315702. is that all?
and what area is it in?|It is in the east. Is there anything else you need?
Yes. I need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on monday. 2 tickets and the ref would be great|Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D4AK1SN3.
Ok, thank you. This is all the information I need right now.|I hope we were able to help you today.
I need to take a train going to cambridge on Thursday.|sure, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|Do you have a time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by 12:15|I have a train that arrives by 11:58. May I book it for you?
Yes please for 6 people.|Okay.  I have booked your train for 6 people with a total fee of 58.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is RTP2BQMF.
Great! Thanks! I'm also looking for something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what's in that area?|I have many options including architecture, cinemas, theaters and museums.
Whatever you recommend, I just need the name and entrance fee, if you will.|Let me see what I can find.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre. An attraction. Please tell me about some places.|Sorry, caught me napping. Old school is a great place for architecture, would you like more info?
Yes thanks.  That sounds great.  I am just interested in the entrance fee.|It is free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.|No thank you that will be all
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on saturday.|I am sure I can help you with that.  Where will you be traveling to, and is there a special time you would like to depart?
I am going to stevenage on saturday.|At what time do you wish to depart or arrive?
The train should leave after 09:15.  I'm not particular on arrival time.|I have train TR7542 leaving at 9:21 and arriving at 10:10. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please.  I will have a party of 7.  May I please get the reference number as well?|Yes, I will provide a reference number.
Can I have the reference number?|Your reference number is 3TX311FG.
Great. Can you find me a place to go in the west?|Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like?
I have no preference.  Can you just make a recommendation and provide the address, postcode, and phone number?|Clare Hall is a great college to visit. Their address is on Herschel Road. Postcode is cb39al. Their phone number is 01223332360.
Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today! Thank you for the help!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a lot of options in Cambridge. Can you please be more specific?
Are there any cheap options in the centre of town?|Yes, there are chinese, asian oriental, indian, italian, spanish, portuguese, modern europe, and mediterranean available.
Can I have the address? I am also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday to Cambridge.|We can take care of that too, but let's get your restaurant squared away first - in order to provide an address I'll need to know what type of cuisine?
Whichever one you think is best please.|I recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. They're located at 40210 Millers Yard, City Centre.
excellent. I will need the train booked for 5 as well.|Where will you travel too and from?
to cambridge from broxbourne. i need to leave after 11;15 please|and what day will you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|We have 13 trains meeting your criteria. Do you have any idea how early you want to leave? The first train leaves at 11:32 and then every hour after that
The train should leave broxbourne after 11:15 so the 11:32 is a good choice. There are 5 of us traveling together. Please book.|It has been booked. You reference number is UCICW103.
Great. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train going to Ely please.|What day is this for?
It will be for Thursday.|What time would you like to go?
I just need to arrive by 14:15.|I have three different train choices.  Depending on how early you want to arrive.  I have one arriving at 6:07, one at 8:07 and one at 10:07.
What's the travel time?  Knowing that will help me select on a time.|The travel time is only 17 minutes.
When is the departure time for 10:07?|TR1923 departs cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in ely by 10:07, total travel time of 17 minutes. Do you want to book a ticket?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help!|Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Please help me locate an expensive restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.|Great, I have 33 options for you. Any particular cuisine you'd like?
I would like european food.|I have 3 options for you: Eraina, Michaelhouse Cafe, and Darrys Corkhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like the phone numbers for any of these?
Can you book Darrys Corkhouse for 7 people on Sunday at 16:30?|I have reserved you a table and the reference number is 10HHSLXW. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need help finding a train going to Ely.|When would you like to leave or arrive and what day would you like to travel?
I want to leave after 15:30.|I have a number of trains to choose from. What day would you like to book your travel on?
I need the train for Monday.|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
No preference for when I arrive but I'd like to leave after 15:30.|Ok I will book it for you
Hello, have you heard of the Royal Spice Restaurant by chance?|I have! It serves indian food in the north part of town. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 4 people at 13:15 on wednesday?|I have successfully booked you a table for 4 at 13:15.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is PRXYMNLC.
Thanks so much. Could you also help me find a train, for that same day?|Sure. There are many trains that day, do you have a specific destination and departure time in mind?
The same day as the restaurant booking I am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by 09:30.|Okay, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave from Stevenage|I've got the TR8723 leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge by 08:43.  Would that work?
yes that sounds great. Can I get a reference number for that please|How many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like you to book me four tickets.|I was able to book you 4 tickets on that train. Your reference number is Y381CZMK. Is there anything more I can help with?
I think you took care of everything. Thanks. Take care now. Bye bye.|You're quite welcome, have a lovely trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.|I can help you with that. Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?
I think I need it to be in the centre. I probably prefer a hotel if possible.|There is one available. The university arms hotel. It is expensive, is that okay?
Sure. I need a room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday.|Your reservation at the university arms hotel for 5 days 4 nights for 4 people was successful. Your Reference number is : BW6K6IAR.
Thanks. Now that the hotel is set, I need to book a train for Thursday going to Peterborough.|I have 38 trains going to Peterborough on Thursday.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
Yes, I am leaving from Cambridge and I will need to arrive by 09:45 please|ok am booking for you one and send you the requirements
I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.|There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.|Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 11:15.|Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please|The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.|Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?|Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
I'm looking for information about Sidney Sussex college.|Sure, it is located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu.  Admission is free and I would definitely recommend it to you.  Do you need to know anything else?
What area of the city is this in?|It is in the center. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train. It should depart from leicester and leave after 20:15.|Was that heading into Cambridge? And what day do you need that train?
Yes, heading for Cambridge on Thursday.|The earliest train after 20:15 is the TR2621 leaving at 21:09. Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
That would be great, but I'll need to reserve 4 seats, actually.|I managed to book you for four on that train.  Your confirmation number is 0W0NYOLZ.  The total fee 151.19.
Great! We're all set. Thanks so much!|You're welcome!  I hope you enjoy your time here.  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a posh British restaurant to take my bird to, know of one?|Do you have any location in mind?
Any location is fine, Ill go with whatever you recommend, please book me for 7 people on monday at 11:00|A table has been booked for you at graffiti.
May I have the reference number?|The reference number is ABNPDU1B
I also need a train leaving on wednesday.|Where are you travelling to and at what time?
Departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street. Leaving Wednesday and want to arrive by 09:45.|I have two trains that will get you in by 9:45. What is the earliest you want to leave?
I would like the train that gets me there close to 9:45.|TR2835 will arrive by 09:27 how many tickets do you need for the train?
Oh, it's the same group of people from the restaurant. Can I get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : XZCDEB01.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Do you need anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks!|Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.
I need a train departing from Stansted Airport on Friday.|Sure. Where are you traveling too and what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 9:15.|I have 4 trains that will arrive by 9:15 in Cambridge. What time would you like to depart Stansted Airport?
No preference on departure time, but I will need to book for 5 people.|Reference number is : 1LD6SOW1. Anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest christ's college or downing college, both have free entrance fees.
what's the entrance fee for christ's college?|The admission is free.
Ok, thanks. Can I get the phone number and postcode as well?|Post code is cb23bu and phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything thank you.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm looking for a European restaurant.|The Eraina is an expensive European restaurant located at Free School Lane City Centre.
Is this actually located in the centre area?  I just want to make sure.|Yes it is located in the centre area, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes.  Please reserve it for 5 people on Friday at 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DJ7MZL41. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. I'll also need to find a train out of cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45.|May I get some more information from you to ensure we get you on the best train possible for you, the last bit of information I need is where you would like to arrive via train.
Of course, my destination will be stansted airport.|I have train TR1316, It arrives at 15:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and get me the reference number?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book it right now.
Oh. Could you please try again?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GAF920N6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No there is nothing else today. thanks, bye|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.|I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.|Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results.  Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?|Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections.  Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions?
I'm looking for trains that will be leaving on Sunday.|Please tell me your destination so I can give you options and cost.
I would like to depart from london kings cross and i'm going to cambridge.|There are 10 results, all costing 18.88 pounds. Would you like to depart or arrive at a certain time?
I need to arrive by 12:00.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need it booked, just forward me the train ID, travel time and departure time please.|Yes, of course. The train Id is TR3478, it will depart at 9:17, and take 51 minutes to reach its destination at Cambridge. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes please. I am looking for a museum to visit while I am in town. May I have the address and post code for your favorite?|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre. The postcode is cb11ln and the address is 98 King Street.
Thank you. That was all I needed.|Okay, you're oh so welcome! Have a wonderful visit!
I would like to see some attractions in the North, what do you have up there?|What kind would you like to see?
Can you recommend an attraction type?|There are three types available: boat, park, swimmingpool.
Let's go with the park. I'll need the postcode and phone number, please?|Okay the Milton Country Park post code is cb46az and phone number is 01223420060.
I am also looking for a train form cambridge to peterborough on wednesday that arrives by 19:15.|The TR8760 will arrive in peterborough at 18:56. Does that give you enough time?
Yes that would be great. Can you book that for me for 7 people please.|I can go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Can you tell me the reference number for the train booking please?|Booked! The fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station.
Reference number: QG3869DQ.
Great! Thanks very much for your help!|You're very welcome!
I'm looking for a train. The train should arrive by 16:00 and should leave on saturday.|Where will you be traveling to?
I am going to cambridge from Broxbourne.|The TR 1412 arrives at 15:32. Will this be okay?
Yes. Please book it for 1 person.|I booked your ticket, and your reference number is DBWTXCO1. Can I help further today?
No that's it! Thanks so much!|thanks again for choosing us
You have been helpful.  Good bye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge, that leaves around 16:00.|Sure. Where would you like to depart from?
Kings Lynn after 16:00 on Saturday, please.|TR4235 departs kings lynn at 16:11 and arrives in cambridge at 16:58. Would you like to book passage on that train?
What is the price on that trip?|The price of TR4235, departing Kings Lynn at 16:11 on Saturday, is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book passage on that train?
No. Not right now. thank you very much for your help today.|Ok, is there anything else you need assistance with?
No that is all for the time being. Thank you.|You're welcome.  Enjoy your trip.  Are you quite sure there's nothing else I can help with?
I actually do need the price for that train please.|The price is 7.84 pounds.
Thanks.  That's all I wanted to know.|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No.  That's all I need.  Thanks!|Let us know if you need anything else.
I need a train on Tuesday that goes to london kings cross.|There are ten trains on tuesday to that location. What time would you like to depart?
I want to leave by 19:30.|I have a train leaving Cambridge at 11:00 to go to London Kings Cross by 11:51, TR6925.  Does this sound acceptable?
Well I need it to leave after 19:30 and I would like to make a booking for 5 people on Tuesday and I will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : MMHRON1T.
i am also looking for information about the hamilton lodge.|The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north area. Would you like a booking?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?|They do indeed have free internet as well as free parking.
Ok.  Thanks.  All set.|Is there anything else I can get for you today?
No, that would be all for today. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant called curry garden.|it is a restrant that serves indian food located in the centre
Can you book a table for one at 12:30 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 59R6SV6W.
Thank you for the reservation. I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant. A train which arrives by 8:00.|I have several trains available. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge.|Thanks for the info, I found train ID TR8286 which departs at 6:48 and arrives by 7:38. Tickets cost 16.50 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yeah, just get 1 ticket please and tell me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : E6IHM34H, Any further questions?
Thank you so much. Have a great day.|Thank you, have a great day.
Are there any theaters that I can go to while I'm visiting Cambridge?|Yes!!  Several, like the cambridge corn exchange.  Is there a particular area you are interested in?
Yes a theatre in the east is what I am looking for.|Unfortunately there aren't any theatres in that area. Would a different area work for you?
I would consider a museum.  Are there any in the east?|Yes I have 4, does a entrance fee matter to you?
I need the get postcode and phone number.|A museum wasnt picked, but i would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, the postal code is cb58ld and the number is 01223368650, may I help with anything else.
i don't want that museum, i hate technology. i want to destroy this computer i'm using.|Lol. Okay how about the gallery at twelve a high street then?
is it an art gallery? i also hate art. i'm a curmudgeon.|it's just listed as a museum but i would assume they have art there. anything else today?
I need a train to Peterborough on Saturday.|There are a few trains to that place. Where will you be departing from?
The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge.|The train nnumber is TR7310 and leaves at 5:06
Can you help me find a train leaving on Wednesday?|Sure, which stations will you be using?
I want to leave from Cambridge and arrive at London Liverpool Street.|TR5285 leaves at 13:59 amd costs 16.60 pounds. how many seats do i book?
I just need the travel time on that one|The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for colleges in the centre.|I'd suggest christ's college. Would you like more information?
Yes. Is there an entrance fee?|No.  It is free.
Can I have the address and postcode?  Thanks for your help!|Yes the postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street.
You have been very helpful.  That is all I need, thanks.  Bye.|Your welcome. I am glad I could help.
Hi. I am looking for a hotel to stay in.|Do you have a hotel in mind or a price range?
I wanted somewhere expensive :D|there are five expensive hotels in cambridge. Do you have a star preference or area in mind?
Yes. I'm looking for a 3 start hotel|I recommend the gonville hotel located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room or do you need anymore information?
Is there an expensive hotel with 3 stars that is located in the south?|Yes, there is the lensfield hotel.
book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|I was able to book your room per your request.  The reference number is : 9RXKQ7C3.
Can you locate a train that will take me to the hotel.|Yes, where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on sunday.|What is your destination, and what time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave after 13:00 on Sunday and I want to go to Kings Lynn.|I have options available would you like me to book something for you.
I just need the train ID, please.|Sure thing TR7423. Thank you
Thanks for serving me!|Your welcome. Have a great day!
You too much appreciated.|Glad to be of service. Goodbye.
I need a train that leaves on friday and leaves after 10am|The TR1502 will leave Friday at 11:00, will this do?
Possibly.  Does it arrive in Cambridge from Kings Lynn?|I do have a train leaving at 10:11 from Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge at 10:58.  Will that work for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 8 people and I need the reference number.|OK. Your reference number is 5BB27IBR and the fee will be 78.40 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in the center of town. Something that involves multiple sports. Do you know of anything?|Unfortunately there is no place in the centre that is that attraction type. Would you like me to search another type or another area perhaps?
Yes, how about a swimming pool?|Yes there is a swimming pool, Parkside pools at Gonville Place. The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need the postcode and address, please.|The address is gonville place, and cb11ly is the postcode.
That is all, thank you. Bye|It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hey there,  I am traveling to Cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat.  I am interested in Portuguese food and don't mine a more expensive menu.|Yes, we do have a couple of Portuguese restaurants, Nandos located in the south and Nandos City Centre located in the centre. Do you have a preference for the location?
I would like to go to Nandos in the south|Would you like reservations?  It is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way.
Can you give me the exact address?|I'm sorry that is the only address I have available to me. Would you like the phone number?
No thank you. I also need a train to cambridge.|Where are you traveling from?
I am traveling from Ely. The train should arrive by 19:00 and I would like to leave on Friday.|the TR2759 will arrive by 17:52. would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'd like two tickets.|Okay. The booking was successful! The total fee is 8.8 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is HH0K9RFR.
That should be everything for me. Thank you so much for the help!|Have a great day!
Are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?|We have 11 guesthouses available.  Is it possible to narrow it down to price range or number of stars?
Yes I am looking for something in the expensive price range.|We have no guesthouses in the expensive range, are there any other ranges that you would be interested in.
Yes, what about guesthouse in the moderate price range?|There are 3 in the area you are looking for. The acorn guest house, the arbury lodge guesthouse, and the archway house. Would you like to know more?
I'd like some details on the Acorn Guest House please. What's the address, postcode, and phone number?|The address of the Acorn Guest House is 154 chesterton road. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge.|I have 202 trains that match that description. Where are you headed?
I am headed to Leicester and it should leave after 13:45.|TR3780 will depart Cambridge at 14:21 and arrive in leicester by 16:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 6 tickets. When you book it can you get me a reference number?|Certainly, your reference number is I1CM9WUT. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. That is all at this time.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
Where can I find the galleria restaurant?|Sure.  The Galleria Restaurant is located at 33 Bridge Street.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you set up a reservation for 2, at 14:00 on Tuesday?|That reservation has been made. The reference number is E2JBIHKC.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Kings Lynn to cambridge|What day will you travel?
I need it for Tuesday I want to arrive by 14:45.|Train TR9102 leaves at 5:11,would you like me to book it for you ?
Actually I need to arrive by 11:45, sorry.  What's the closest arriving to that time?|TR1704 arrives in Cambridge on Tuesday by 10:58, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, please book 2 tickets and then give me the reference number|The reference number for your train booking is HWIMEWD3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you very much.|Great, it was my pleasure! Goodbye, until next time!
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday|May I ask where you are leaving from?
Sure.  I'm leaving from Kings Lynn sometime after 12:45 on Monday.  Do you have anything?|The earliest train after that time is TR4329. It leaves at 13:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:58. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
That will work. Can you book 7 tickets for that one please?|Okay, you are booked for 7 people on TR4329, your reference number is S9WXSL0O.
Great I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town|I have several. What type of food are you looking for? I have British, Chinese, Indian and Gastropub food to choose from in this price range.
It should serve Italian food.|I have no Italian food available.
Ok no problem. Is there a place that serves Indian food instead?|Yes, there are 5 Indian restaurants in the west. May I recommend Tandoori Palace on Histon Road, Chesterton.
That sounds great. May I have the address and phone number for the Tandoori Palace, please?|Their address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223506055. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|OK, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I want a restaurant in the north of Cambridge that is within a moderate price range.|There are two restaurants fitting your description, one is Chinese cuisine and one is Indian cuisine. Do you have a preference?
Please book a table for 4 at the Chinese place at 12:30 on Sunday and give me the reference number.|Okay you're all set for Sunday at 12:30. Your reference number is F5BTP63A. Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for a train that goes to broxbourne on monday.|There are 19 trains to broxbourne on Monday leaving every hour starting at 05:01. Is there a specific time you'd like?
I would like to arrive in broxbourne by 13:00.|The one arriving closest to 13:00 is TR5971 leaving cambridge at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01 in broxbourne. Would you like to book a ticket?
Can I just get the price on one of them?|All tickets from cambridge to broxbourne on that day cost 17.90 pounds each.
Please book one.|How many tickets do I need to reserve for your train?
Just one, thank you! Please provide me with a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T1FGQFDJ. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you. That will be all for today. Thanks.|Have a great day.
I need a train to leave from London's Cross.|What day would you like the train for?
I'd like it to be for Saturday.|I have a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 05:00 and arrives by 05:51 at a price of 18.88 pounds. Is that OK?
Yes, it is perfect. Thank you|I'm sorry I had that completely mixed up. There is a train leaving London Kings Cross at 5:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 6:08. Does that work?
Yes please book that and give me the reference number of the booking.|Yes I was able to book that and your reference number is XYVAABBJ. Cost of the ticket will be 18.88 pounds. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Glad to help.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I want to book a train departing from bishops stortford.|What day and time do you want to leave bishops stortford?
I want to leave on Saturday, after 18:00|The first train leaving after 18:00 is TR7734 departing at 19:29 and arriving by 20:07 in Cambridge. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, could I book 8 tickets for that train?|I have 8 train tickets ready with a total of 64.64 GBP and your reference number is TXEB3LHO. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive place to eat near the centre area.|There are several restaurants in the area that meet your criteria.  What type of cuisine would you like?
Anywhere that has availability for 8 people at 21:00 on Saturday|Shall I try to book you at the Bedouin? It serves African cuisine.
ok, that sounds good.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 43DRAAAJ. Will that be all for today?
Yes that will be all. Thank you for all of your help!|Enjoy your trip and have a good day.
I would like some information about interesting places to go in the center of town.|Does architecture interest you?
I would really like it to be entertainment.|I'm sorry, we do not have any entertainment attractions in the city center.  Would you like me to check in another part of the city?
I really wanted to stay in the centre.  How about a museum?|There are 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you prefer?
Please pick one and send me their address and postcode|Whipple museum of the history of science is located at free school lane, postcode cb23rh.  Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to eat?|Yes do you want it near the attraction ?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre if you could help me.|I sure can.  There are lots of choices.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, not really. I think I'd like to try something different. Could you suggest something?|There is a Korean restaurant called Little Seoul located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, I would like both the phone number and the postcode please.|The phone number for little seoul is 01223308681, postcode cb21dp.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I also have the address please?|The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street, City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to see the travel times for a train going from Kings Lynn from Cambridge on Saturday. It should leave after 09:15.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I got that backwards.  Need a train leaving Kings Lynn after 9:15 and arriving in Cambridge sometime on Saturday.|TR2514 leaves at 10:11 and arrives at 10:58. Will this one work for you?
Sure. Could you tell me the exact travel time?|Sure. The travel time for TR2514 is 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with today?
that is it for today. good day thank you|Have a wonderful day yourself. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a Lebanese restaurant that is expensive in price.|I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive lebanese restaurant. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
No I'd really like lebanese, is there one in the centre area?|I have the Ali Baba restaurant in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Can I help you in reserving a table?
Really? The Ali Baba is Lebanese?|Yes. The ali baba is lebanese. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on thursday.|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time?
Is there an opening available at 15:45? I'll also need the reservation number if it's available.|Yes I was able to make that reservation at 15:45 your reference number XH49SBME.
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough afterwards|There are 16 trains leaving on Thursday after your dinner.  I would think 2 hours should be long enough?  So there is one at 18:06 I can recommend.
I'd like my train to arrive by 16:45, please.|I have train TR4814 that will be departing at 15:34 and will get you there by 16:24. Would that be something that interests you?
Yes, that sounds like it will work for me.  Thank you for the information.  That should be all I need today.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
Can you help me find a train going to Cambridge?|I have many trains available.  What is your departure site?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Saturday.|Did you have a time in mind?
I'm looking to travel after 12:45|I have TR8390 leaving at 13 40shall i book it ?
Sure, that will work. No need to book, but can I please get the price of the ticket?|Yes the price is 60.08 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. Could you also let me know what whale of a time is and its entrance fee?|Whale of a time is an entertainment venue in the west. I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their phone number is 01954781018.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|Alright, have a great day.
I am needing help with your train schedules.|What is your planned itinerary?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge on Sunday at 18:45.|What time do you want to leave by?
I would like to leave no later than 19:30.|There are no trains that match your criteria. Can you verify the time you want to leave?
I do not care what time it is leaving but check again for it arriving by 18:45.|The closest train i have leaves on sunday at 15:40 and arrives by 18:23. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, and then I need to find a restaurant.|Your ticket is booked. Reference number YWNA32TE. What kind of restaurant are you looking for?
I would like a chinese place.|In what area of town?
The centre please!|charlie chan is very popular. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for a train to Petersborough.|I'm sorry there are no trains to petersborough.  Is there another location I can check for you?
No, I need a train from Cambridge to petersborough on Thursday.|There are 38 trains. What time do you want to leave or to arrive by, please?
I just need to leave by 08:30.|There is a 8:34 train to Peterborough on Thursday. I would arrive at 9:24.
Yes that would be fine please book for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 0ZN13UIU
Thank you that is all I needed today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day & enjoy your trip!
Yes, I need a train for wednesday arriving at 14:45.|I have train TR3634 leaving cambridge and arriving london kings cross at 13:51.  Will that work for you?
I need the train to go to cambridge and leave from stansted airport.|I reserved a seat for you on the 05:24 train. Your reference number is9BQT5T9M. Your ticket of 10.1 GBP is payable when you get to the station.
Great, that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge!
I need a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge, arriving by 14:45 on Wednesday, please...|Sorry about all that confusion. I think I've found you a train. TR3720 is the closest in time, leaving the airport 13:24, arriving Cambridge 13:52. Would you like a seat reserved?
Yes, I'd like to book for three people please.|I've booked you 3 seats on the TR3720 with a total fee of 30.29 GBP which is payable at the station. The reference number is Y3ATC2SJ.
Thank you. Im also looking for a hotel in the north in the moderate price range.|Ashley hotel is available, would that work for you?
Sure, can you book it for 2 nights and 3 people?|Booking was successful, you reference number is DEMBOPOR, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a train from norwich on monday.|I found 19 trains that match your request. Where is your destination?
The train should leave after 17:00 and should go to cambridge.|How about TR7514 that leaves at 17:16 on Monday?
That would be perfect. Could you book it for 6 people and provide me a reference number?|I've booked 6 tickets, the fee is 105.6 and the reference number is 4REIIUM5.
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No that is all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye
I need to take a train, I want to leave on Wednesday after 11:00.|sure, what is your destination?
From broxbourne to cambridge.|I have 13 trains that would work. They depart every hour, starting at 11:32.  What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time doesn't matter as long as I leave after 11:00.|I can help you with that, how many tickets do you need?
I just need information right now. Would you choose a train leaving after 11:00? I need the train ID, arrival time and price, please.|TR5953 arrives by 12:32 and costs 17.90 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 60 minutes
Thank you , can you help me find an Indian restaurant in the centre?|There are several Indian restaurants to choose from, are you looking for a certain price range?
I want the restaurant to be expensive.|There are six options but my personal favorite is saffron brasserie, would you like a booking or just more information?
I trust your opinion. Please book a table at Saffron Brasserie for 5 people at 15:15 on Wednesday.|Your reservation was made at the saffron brasserie. Your reference number for your reservation is  0B8PEDPB.
Thank you so much.  That was everything I needed!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.|I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after 21:00.|Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive.|TR8533 will leave Cambridge at 21:50. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.|The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?|Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.
I would like the expensive choice please. I need their information.|express by holiday inn cambridge	is a expensive hotel in the east with a 2 star, would you like their adress
Does it have internet and free parking?|Yes, it does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, I just need their postcode, please.|Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.|I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book.
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.|Both the Gonville and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.|I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.|Ok, have a great day!
I am looking for information about the museum of archaeology and anthropology.|That museum is located over at University of Cambridge, downing street. It's free to visit.
Could you please provide me with the postcode.  Thank you!|The post code is cb23dz.
I also need a train, to cambridge, I want to arrive by 17:45.|There's a train that leaves at 13:17, want that one?
As long as it arrives in Cambridge by 17:45 and departs from Broxbourne that will work.|What day do you need the train?
I will travel Tuesday.|Is there a time you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at 17:45.|I have one arriving at 7:32 will this work for you?
Thats perfect. What is the price and travel time on this train?|It is 17.90 pounds and takes 60 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks, just gathering information, that is all I need.|Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed today.|Glad I could help come backk if you need anything else
I am looking for a train that leaves Saturday going to ely, do you have a train with those details?|There are 10 trains on Saturday that go to Ely from Cambridge. What time do you need to leave or arrive, and how many tickets do you need?
I need to arrive by 13:00.|There is one train that arrives at 12:07. That trainID isTR0718.
I need a booking for 4 people.|I've done that. The price will be 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IR7HSMG4. Any else I can do for you?
No, that will be all|Thank you, you have been very helpful.
I am looking to visit a museum in Cambridge.|There are 23 museums in Cambridge, can you tell me an area you are wanting to visit the museum in?
How about in the centre of town? Whats available there?|I have many options. Are you perchance able to narrow it own by museum type
No, anything that you would recommend would be great.  I just need a phone number that I can call.|Broughton house gallery	looks good their number is 01223314960
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge on wednesday to arrive by 8:15. Is there anything available then?|TR5725 departs at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08 so you will have plenty of time. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Please book for 5 people.|I got you booked for 5 people then on TR5725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. thank you for making the train reservations|You're welcome have a great day!
Thank you, have a nice day as well.|You're quite welcome. Enjoy Cambridge!
I'm looking for a good place for entertainment in the centre. Any recommendations?|Unfortunately there are no places in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Lets drop entertainment and look up one for the type of college.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Do you have one in mind?
Any one would be fine, can I just get the address, phone number and postcode?|Christ's college, in the centre of town. Number is 01223334900. Address is post code, cb23bu, Saint Andrew's street. No fee to enter. Do you need anything else?
Find a train that departs from cambridge, leaving on thursday, please.|Sure, where are you going to?
I'm going to leicester and need to leave after 21:00.|There are three trains that leave Cambridge after 21:00, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes please book the train for me, and I will need the travel time as well.  Thank you for your help.|TR3470 leaves at 21:21 and arrives by 23:06, duration is 105 minutes. I will book it for you if you will tell me how many tickets you need.
No, that is ok. I appreciate all your help.|I hope you got all the information you need. Have a nice day. Good-Bye.
I want a place to eat in the west.|Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I have a taste for something British.|Ok, there are three options in that area. Do you have a certain price range?
I want the most expensive one.|There's Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Which one of the two restaurants do you like?
Travellers Rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 17:00 on sunday.|Your table for 2 has been reserved at Travellers Rest and your reference number is BSEJZQE6. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes past 17:00. Need anything else today?
I also need a train. Leaving Cambridge on Monday.|OK, where are you headed and at what time of day?
i want to go to stevenage|There are several trains going to stevenage on Monday, do you have a time preference?
I would like to get there by 21:30.|Okay, we have train's leaving at 05:21 and every hour after for seven hours. Would you like to book one?
Just book one that will get me to Stevenage by 21:30 please.  2 Tickets, just like dinner.|Your tickets are booked for train TR9082. The total fee is 25.6 GBP. Your reference number is WSUH42EM. Is there anything else?
Thank you for the booking and reference number. I'll let you know if I need anything else.|it was my pleasure to help. goodbye.
I was wondering if you can tell me more about the attraction called sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway?|That's a nice free park in the south, the address is fen causeway, newnham road. Is there anything else you need help with?
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is: 01223302580.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that will leave sometime after 17:45.|And where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Norwich on Wednesday evening.|The TR3342 leaves at 18:16. Would you like a booking?
How much are the tickets for one person?|17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|The booking was successful. Your total fee is 17.6 GBP and you can pay it at the station. Your reference number is VPMQDFKF.
Thanks for everything, you were helpful.|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was all thank you.|Okay great, have a good day!
Hi, I am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room.  Can you recommend one for me?|Yes, what area would you like to stay in?
Don't care. but I'd like a place that's Moderately priced and offers free WiFi.|There is the Acorn guesthouse in the moderate price range and 4  stars. It also has free wifi and parking.
Great, let's book that one. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.|How many people would you like it booked for and for what days please?
5 people starting on Sunday.|How many days do you plan on staying?
5 nights, please.|It's booked and your reference number is LFE8G8CE. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I also need a train that leavers after 12:00 going to ely.|Where will you be departing from?
East London. Thanks|There is no train leaving 12:00, but train TR5484 leave 13:50 do you want to adjust your time?
Sure. Please book five tickets for me and reply with the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BUBQRD4R.
That is all I need, good bye.|Enjoy your visit.  Please give us a call if you need further assistance.
Hey, when I was a kid my parents took me to a place called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. Is it still around?|It certainly is. It's located at Corn Exchange Street.
I need to book a table for 5 at 16:45 on wednesday.|Your table has been booked. Your reference number is JGNHU2IV. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you for the assistance!|You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wanting to get some help finding a train to get me to London Kings Cross.|What day would you like your train to leave? Also what time, and where will you be departing from?
i want to leave on monday and arrive by 8|We have trains leaving before 8 every day this week, which day is preferred?
I would like to leave on Monday.|Ok, the TR228 will get you to london at 07:51. It leaves cambridge at 07:00. Can I book it for you?
Can you tell me the price?|The train is TR2289. The fare is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
That was all I needed to know.  Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'd love to get some information on the holy trinity church|The Holy Trinity Church is architecture, in the Centre of town, on Market Street. Entrance is free. Do you want any more information?
Can you provide me with the hours of operation and the entrance fee?|I'm not sure on their hours, but it is free admission. Would you like their number?
Yes that will be fine.  I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge on Friday.|Phone 01223355397. What is your destination on friday? Is there a specific departure and arrival time?
I'm looking for an attraction in the east.|There are several attractions available in the east. Is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Hook me up with the spot you like best, just be sure to tell me what it is, where it is, and what it will cost me, yo.|I like the Cambridge artworks- it's a museum at 5 greens road and it has free admission.
That sounds, good, what is the postcode?|The postal code is cb13ef.  Would you like for me to get you tickets?
No that's all I needed with that. i also need a train leaving after 12:15 heading to kings lynn.|There are 77 trains, where will you be departing from and what time?
I need to depart from Cambridge and I need to leave after 12:15 to go to King's Lynn|Do you have a day in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday. Can you tell me how much that will cost?|The first train after 12:15 on Sunday leaves at 13:11, and then there are trains every hour. Does the first one work or would you like a later one?
I'll take the first train at 13:11. Can I pay you over the phone with my debit card?|First I will need to know how many passengers will be traveling?
Just myself. What is the cost?|The cost is 7.84 pounds.
Thank you, that's all.|Ok, get back in touch if you need a booking.
Hello!  I need helping finding a train departing from cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|I sure can. Can you tell me what day you want to travel and where you are headed?
Yes, I need to get to Ely on Sunday for a 15:15 appointment.|I have a Tr5412 departing at 13:50 and arriving at 14:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book it and I need a reference number please|How many tickets would you like?
Book for one person only|I have you booked on the TR5412 departing Cambridge for Ely on Sunday at 13:50. Your reference is RYXMCEFX. Can I help you more today?
I also need to find an attraction in the east area.|There are 10 attractions in the area of east. cambridge artworks is a museum and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay that offers free wifi|Most of the hotels and guesthouses have free wifi. Is there a particular part of town that you're interested in?
I don't care what part of town it's in, but I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, and I'd like it to be moderately priced.|I am not showing anything would you like me to check in a different price range?
Are you sure you can't find any hotels moderately priced with free parking and free wifi anywhere?|Unfortunately there are no hotels or guest houses that meet those criteria. Would you like to try a different price range?
I just need a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.|I cannot find anything in a moderate price, but I found a cheap hotel for you. It's The Cambridge Belfry in the west. It has 4 stars. Is this alright?
Yes, I'll need the address and I will also need a train from Cambridge to Norwich on Monday, leaving after 20:15|That address is Back Lane, Cambourne.  The TR8636 departs Cambridge at 20:36, would you like to book a seat on that one?
How long is the trip, and what time does it arrive in Norwich?|the trip is 79 minutes long and it will arrive by 21:55.
Thank you for all your help. That is all the information I need.|Glad to be of help. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Hello I need to go to Cambridge and will be leaving on Saturday from Norwich, can you tell me what my train options are?|There are many options. Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
Yes, I would like to depart any time after 20:15.|There is a train departing Norwich at 21:16 on Saturday. Would this be ok?
Yes.  Can you give me the train ID and the travel time?|The train ID is TR3267 and the travel time is 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like to purchase tickets?
I would also like to book a 4 star Guesthouse|Okay I have found several options. Is there a particular area you want to stay in?
Yes, I'd like something in the north, and in the moderate price range, please.|Acorn Guest House is a really nice 4 star place.  Free internet and parking too.  Can I get you more information?
I need to book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|I was able to book your stay at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is SW8AC8GH.
Thank you! That's all I needed.|Great. If you think of anything else feel free to ask any time.
I'm wondering if there is a train leaving at 21:15 that will take me to the Stansted Airport.|thank you, though there are many choices there isn't a 21:15 so I guess I will take the 21:40 on Friday.
Is there a train leaving before that?|Unfortunately no. The earliest that day departs at 21:40.
Okay. Can you book that for me please?|Sure. how many will be traveling?
It's just me. Can I have the price, travel time, and train ID? Also, do you have any places I can go when I get there?|Price is 10.10 pounds, the travel time is 28 minutes, and the train ID is TR4067. I'm sorry, but I don't see any attractions at the Stansted Airport.
Okay, can you find attractions near the centre?|There are 44 attractions near the center of town. Is there a certain type you're looking for?
Could you suggest me one? Also let me know of what type of attraction it is and the place's postcode.|The Cambridge corn exchange is a theatre and the post code is cb23qe. Would you like any more information?
Thanks, I have all I need. Have a nice day.|No problem! Have a great day.
Wonderful help, thanks|Thank you, Enjoy the Cambridge Exchange!
I'm looking for a place to eat.|Sure! Did you have a type of food in mind?
I would like Americas food.|OK, the gourmet burger kitchen	is a north american restaurant.
Is the Gourmet Burger Kitchen located in the centre of town?|Yes it is. Could you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thursday at 20:00 would be ideal. There are 5 of us.|Your reservation is complete. Table for 5 on Thursday at 20:00.  Your reference number is WXIAOK8F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train on Thursday heading to Cambridge.|Ok.  Where will you be departing from?
Norwich. I need to get to Cambridge by 12:30.|TR6655 leaves Norwich at 10:16 and arrives at Cambridge at 11:35. Do you want me to book this train?
Yes, please book tickets for 5 people and send me the reference number|The booking was successful and the reference number is 35C0PZCY.
Thank you for your time.|Your are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|It is located in the north at  63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?|What ever day you want.
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.|Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.|I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.|When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?
I am looking for a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.|There are 3 restaurants in centre and one in south. Which area are you most interested in?
Let's try the one in the south. Are there openings on Tuesday?|I would need to know what time and for how many people in order to check on Tuesday's availability.
It will be at 15:30 on Tuesday and there will be 4 people.|I was unable to book. Do you want to book another timeslot?
How about 14:30 instead?|Booking was successful to dine at the Lucky Star. Table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : M0OW1EI5.  Anything Else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on wednesday after 08:30 that departs from cambridge and goes to kings lynn.|The earliest train after 8:30 would be the TR2831, departing at 09:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 09:58. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
Yes, I need four tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 9NZ8A7WM. May I help you further?
No that is all.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I would like to know the location and types of museums that are in Cambridge, can you give me more information?|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Is there a particular part of town you're looking for?
I do not have a preference on area.|Would you like a free entrance fee or paid?
It doesn't matter just pick a great one for me, and I'll need the postcode for the museum that you recommend for me.|Cambridge artworks is found in the East. Their postcode is cb13ef.
i also need a train on monday leaving from cambridge and arriving by 17:00.|There is a train leaving cambridge and going to kings lynn at 16:58 Monday will that train work for you?
No. I need to go catch a plane.|Would the train that arrives at 15:58 work better for you?
Yes, that would work.  Can I get a price and a departure time please?|It departs at 15:11, price is 9.80 per pound, the train ID is TR9468.
Thank you for your help!|you're very welcome. enjoy your visit.
Hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after 15:45 on a Monday? Thanks.|I sure can. Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and heading for Bishops Stortford.|TR2530 leaves at 17:29, should i book it for you?
How much is a ticket and how long is the train ride?|The ticket costs 10.10 pounds and the ride takes 38 minutes. Do you want me to book the train for you?
What time does the train arrive in Bishops Stortford?  I also am looking for a place to stay that is 3 stars and in the moderate range.|The train would arrive at 18:07.  Do you have a preferred area for the hotel to be located in?
No, but I would like a guest house with free parking.|We have many guesthouses, is there an area you'd prefer?
I am actually looking for something in the moderate price range with a 3-star rating.|The bridge guest house matches that criteria and is located in the south.
Alright, can I get the phone number?|The phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, you've been very helpful.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge. Do you have any?|Yes, there are quite a few.  Is there a day and time you would like to travel?
Yes, leaving on Sunday at 10:00 AM|The best time matching your criteria is a departure from Ely at 11:35. Will that do?
I'm sorry, my travel day is actually Thursday, not Sunday. I need to arrive by 14:45.|I have a train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please make reservations.|Your reference number is : MUBTUUTM. Can I help with anything else?
Did you book for 5 people? Is there a train that arrives closer to but before 14:45? Thanks.|I apologize about that. The closest I can get you there is on train TR4992 which will arrive at 13:52. Would you like me to book it for 5 people?
yes with reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IPO23Y22. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the centre|There is one matching result. It is the gardenia. Do you want me to book something there?
yes please, for 5 people at 20:15 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : HWJS11KB. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that will be all.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on sunday.|Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be traveling from Norwich, and I'd really like to arrive in Cambridge by 14:00 so I can be on time for my appointment.|There is a 12:16 that will arrive at 13:35.  There are also earlier trains if you want to arrive earlier.
That train would be find I need to get the train ID and price please.|The train ID is TR5225 and the price is 14.08 pounds per ticket. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|The apha-milton guesthouse is in the moderate price range. It does not have internet. would you like me to book a room
yes and I need a confirmation number|How many nights will you be staying, and for how many people?
3 nights for 2 people,can you book it for me ?|Certainly if you supply me with your arrival day.
Tuesday of next week in the pm|Booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : 58PX1M08.  Is there anything you would like help with today?
No, that's all today. thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking.|What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the north.|Worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the North. Will that do?
Yes. Is there on in the moderate price range as well? To compare.|Sure thing! There are seven 4 star moderately priced guesthouses in the north. maybe you would like to book on of these
Can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? There will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on Thursday and spend 3 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : RI83HXK1. do you need information about the hotel?
No, but I need to find a train. I'm looking to travel on Friday to London Liverpool Street. Can you help?|No thanks a lot it is enough
Can you find me a train from Stansted Airport?|There are plenty of options.  Where will you be arriving and do you have a time preference?
I don't care when I arrive, but I need to leave after 10:00.|Not a problem. Any day in particular?
Yes. Wednesday please.|TR0467 leaves the airport at 10:24. Would you like tickets for that train?
Yes, for five please.|I have successfully make a booking for 5 on that train.
Can I have the reference number please?  I'm also looking for some places to go, maybe a college in the west.|Queen's college is an excellent choice.
Sounds great. Can I get their postcode please?|The postcode for Queen's College is cb39et. And the reference number for your train (booked earlier) is WMUC700A.
Perfect, thanks so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is everything. Have a good day.|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day.
I am looking for a place for a restaurant called anatolia. Can you help me?|Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the city centre.
Thank you. What is the post code?|The post code is cb21uj. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help finding a train leaving Kings Cross after 15:45.|Okay what day would you like to leave?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday.|I found 4 trains departing Kings Cross, heading to Cambridge after 15:45 on Sunday. What time would you like to depart?
I have no preference. I just need to book one of those for 4 people.|OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR2952, reference #J5O3AMV7. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all.  Thank you|Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to find out if there's a train going to stansted airport that leaves after 12:30.|We have a train leaving on Friday by 12:40 from Cambridge to Stansted airpot but we need to know your departure point and date of departure to serve you better
Yes I will be leaving on Tuesday.|When would you like to arrive by?
Tuesday would be ideal for me.|The best fit for you from the search list is the 12:40 train leaving cambridge on Tuesday to arrive stansted airport by 13:03.
That works, may I please have the reference number?|Actually, it will arrive by 13:08. Does that work for you?
Yes. I need it for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 2QS7T2UC. Do you need anything else?
Great I also need to stay at the University Arms Hotel|Okay I can help with that! What day would you like to check in and how long will you be staying?
I need to take a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, it would need to be after 10.|Okay. What day will you be traveling?
On Friday after 10.|The TR1502 leaves friday at 11:00.
Yes, that will be great. How much does a ticket cost?|A ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Can you also give me the travel time?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
Thanks! Can you also see if there are any expensive, 4-star guesthouses in the north area of town?|What you are looking for can not be found. Is there any other area you would mind searching in?
No I want to stay in that area.  What other hotel accomadations are in the area?|Avalon is a moderate priced 4 star guesthouse in the north part of town. It has free internent. Would you like more information or can I book it for you?
Can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Monday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1VF2W9YC.
Thank you! That is all.|You're welcome. Call back if you need further bookings or assistance.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I can help you with that, do you have a certain place in mind today? Or would you like to search in a specific area?
I'm looking for a Japanese place in the centre of town.|I have one listing for wagamama, will that be okay today?
How expensive is it?|It is expensive range in price.
Great, please book a table for 7 people at 15:15 on Friday.|I was able to book your table for 7 for Friday at 15:15. The Reference number is : INI5O0N5.
Okay, I also need a train to get to norwich.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday after 13:45.  I''ll be heading to Norwich. Do you have anything for me?|Yes, there are 10 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 14:36. When would you like to arrive in Norwich?
It doesn't matter when I arrive as long as I leave after 14:35 from cambridge on saturday. And I'll want to book the train for the same group of people.|I have booked you a train leaving at 14:36. The cost is 112.64 GBP. Reference number MB0PZVMJ. How would you like to pay?
I'll pay at the station. Well that's it for me today. Thanks for all your help! G'bye :)|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the east.|I have several available. What days would you like to stay?
I don't need to book it. I need a 3 star in the east.|I do not have any hotels in the east with a 3 star. Would you like to try something else?
Can you find something in the south?|We have the bridge guest house which is moderately priced and the lensfield hotel which is expensive, would you like me to book you for either one?
Either one is fine. I want it for 6 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|Ok I was able to book your party at Bridge Guest House.  Your reference code is ZUFSD1J5.  Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Thank you. Yes, I think I'll be traveling by train wednesday as well. Are there any trains leaving ely on that day?|Sure, Are you traveling to cambridge? What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
Yes the  train should go to cambridge and should leave after 18:30.|I recommend train TR0328.  It departs at 19:35 and will get you there by 19:52.  Want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. What's the total travel time for that train, though?|It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I believe that's it. Thanks so much for your help!|Safe travels and if you need anything else, please contact us.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel on the south side?|There is one hotel in the south called The Lensfield Hotel.  It is expensive, has 3 stars, and free internet and parking.  Can I help you book a reservation?
I'm looking for a guesthouse.  Is it a guesthouse?|No, it is not a guesthouse. I have found 3 options that are guesthouses.  Do you prefer a 3 or 4 star?
Stars dont matter. Can please book this for 5 people, 3 nights starting Friday.|Okay, I've set you up at bridge guest house. Your reference number is SU0WE1LI.
Great.  I'm also looking for a train from cambridge going to peterborough.  Can you help with that?|I have several options. What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Monday and arrive by 15:45, please.|There are several trains that would get you there in time, are you wanting to leave in the morning, or the afternoon?
I would like to leave in the afternoon.|I don't have any leaving in the afternoon. How about the morning?
I want to arrive as clsoe to 15:45 as possible on monday. I need the travel time and the price please?|Of course - sorry, our automated "afternoon" constraint is buggy. I think TR7786 is most suitable, leaving Cambridge on Monday at 14:34 and arriving in Peterborough at 15:24. Would that work?
Can you let me know what the trip duration is for that train, please, and how much it costs? Oh, almost forgot. Does the Bridge Guest House include free parking?|The duration is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a nice day, thank you for contacting us.
Find me a train to kings lynn that arrives by 20:15.|The TR3112 arrives at 05:58.  Will that work?
Is it on Saturday?|I'd suggest TR7604, it departs at 19:11 on saturday and arrives by 19:58. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I definitely would. Can I please have the confirmation number as well?|How many people will be traveling?
No, that's ok. No need to book it, but can you tell me the price of the ticket?|The price per ticket on the TR7604 is 7.84 pounds.  Can I assist you further today?
I want to book a room at the el shaddai for 4 people 4 nights starting tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9DOLSR1S. anything else today?
Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Of course, are you looking for a hotel or attraction to visit?
Neither. I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge that's leaving Saturday after 08:30.|The TR8070 train leaves Leicester for Cambridge on Saturday at 09:09. This is the most appropriate choice for your needs. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I was needing the train ID but you already gave that to me. Thanks so much.|If there's nothing else I can do for you, have a great stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with four stars.|We have several 4 star guesthouses.  What side of town are you looking to stay in?  Any budget in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced place please.|We have 11 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars.  What area do you want to stay in?
If you could recommend any one of them that would be great. I need the postcode, phone number and the area the hotel is in please.|Sure, I can do that.  Did you want to narrow it to a specific area of town?
Area of town doesn't matter.|I have quite a few, when were you planning your stay?
The same time.|a and b guest house would meet this criteria. It is located in the east. The phone number is 01223315702. The post code is cb12dp. Will that be all?
Yes, that's everything. Thanks for your help!|Thanks for using our service!
I'd like some places to go.  Some sort of entertainment.|There are 5 places all in the east, south, and west. Which of those areas would you prefer?
I prefer the centre area.  What do you have for places to go?  Type of college maybe?|There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Many of them are free - I would suggest King's College or Trinity College.
On second thought, I'd rather go to a entertainment spot. Got any of those?|I apologize but in that area, there are no entertainment spots.  That is mainly the church area. Perhaps I can look in a different section of the city for you.
Ok, I'd like to stay in the city centre.  I guess a college will do.  Can you give me the postcode for one that you would recommend?|The postcode of corpus christi is cb21rh.
I also need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Friday and arriving in Peterborough.|There are quite a few trips available. What time do you want to arrive in Peterborough?
I'm not picky on when I want to arrive I just want to leave after 12:45.|There are many options leaving after 12:45. The earliest departure after `12:45 is 13:06, arriving by 13:56. Would you like to book that option?
Yes, book it for seven people. I'll need a reference number.|The tickets are booked and the price is 115.5 GBP which you will pay at the station. Reference number is 9YGZEA87. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.|You are quite welcome! Have a good day!
Hi, I need an expensive restaurant please.|There are quite a few expensive restaurants in the city! Can you help me specify by telling me what kind of food you'd like to try?
I do not care the kind. Please pick one and book it for 5 people at 15:30 on sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time or day?
Yes, lets try 14:30 please.|You have a table at Saigon City at 14:30. DGMG8RF8 is your reference number.
Thanks!  Could you also give me info on trains leaving after 16:45 from Cambridge.|Sure.  Are you looking for a train on Sunday as well?  And, what is your destination?
I need one for monday to go to birmingham new street.|I would suggest train ID TR7728 which departs Cambridge at 17:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 19:44.
That would be good, can I get tickets for 5 people?|Yes, I've booked 5 tickets for you.  Your reference number is LU2SUOW2.
Thank you very much, lovely day to you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that is all. Bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. I would prefer to stay in the North at a 3 Star location.|I show 2 option, both in the moderate price range. Do you need parking or internet?
Neither of those matter, but I would like it to be a guesthouse.  Do one of those match?|Alpha-Milton Guest House is 3 stars with no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room there?
I'd like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting Monday. I need the reference number as well.|Fantastic, your reference number is T2AUGQ7S. Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge on Monday.|Where did you want to get on the train?
I will be departing from peterborough.|Okay, there are lots of choices. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to get there by 20:45.|TR7940 will get you there by 20:38, would you like me to book it you some tickets?
No, I don't need assistance with the booking. Can you tell me the cost of the ticket though?|The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I assist you with anything more?
No, that's everything. Thank you.|You're welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I need to take a train to Bishops Stortford on Thursday.|I can definitely help you with that.  Do you have a particular time of day you want to depart?
My schedule is somewhat flexible but I need to arrive by 14:00.|The TR2929 can get you there by 12:07, it departs at 11:29, can I book you for tickets?
Yes I would like a booking for 5 people.|Okay, the booking was successful. The total cost is 50.5 GBP and it can be paid at the station. The reference number is OOGHNZGW.
Thank you.  I also need information on the Gonville Hotel.  Can you look at that for me?|Yes, of course. What would you like to know?
i need to book that hotel for four nights.|Ok, I am getting the info up now, how many people, and what will be the first night?
The hotel will also be for 5 people starting sunday|You're hotel reservations have been made.  Your reference number is HKBN4ZXY.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that was all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a train for Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling? This was I can narrow my search to better assist you.
Cambridge and I would like to leave Tuesday|Does it matter what time you leave or arrive?
I want it to arrive by 10:45.|Train TR2164 leaves at 8:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 10:44. Would you like me to book you seat?
Yes please book 5 seats.|Ok I have for you 5 seats on TR2164. The total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3SKORQ4K. Anything else I can assist with?
Yes I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the north.|I have 9 locations that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference regarding price range of star ratings?
Yes, I prefer a guesthouse between a three and four star rating.|I have 7 guesthouses that are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. 6 are moderately priced and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Any of those will be fine. Please send the reference number and location.|Okay, how long would you like to stay?
I'd like to check in on Friday for 4 nights. Book it for 5 people.|I was able to successfully book you at the asbury lodge guesthouse.  The reference number is 6LQ4AF7B., can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you so much.|Have a great trip!
I need a train that is leaving from ely.|I can help with that, what day will you be traveling and where will you be traveling to?
I am going on wednesday and should go to cambridge.|fantastic. what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 17:15|I have train TR8610 that leaves at 17:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you?
Yes great!. Now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the moderate price range?|What type of food would you like?
I am looking for something that serves New Zealand food. Do you have anything?|I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants in the centre that serve new zealand food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about gastropub instead?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is the only Gastropub in the area. It is in the center of town and is of moderate price.
That would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at 20:30 on the same day?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P05FIQFR.
thanks alot for your assistance. bye|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can I please get a train ticket from Norwich to Cambridge?|We have many trains available but to help find the right one could you provide me with what day you will be departing and your departure time and arrival?
I will be leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday.|TR4180 leaves at 15:16. Does that work for you?
Perfect, can I get 8 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CO0GWJCJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of park.|We have a lot of excellent options. Is there a particular area you'd like to visit?
Yes, I would like to visit a park.|There are parks in the centre, east, north and south.  Could you please let me know which area you prefer?
The area doesn't matter, can you recommend one?|There is the Cherry Hinton Water Play park in the east. It's free to get into.
Can I get the phone number and the postcode?|Sure, the phone number is 01223446011 and the postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a park to go to.  I will need the phone number and postcode.  Also, what is the entrance fee for this?  Thanks!|It is free admission.
Okay, that's all I need, thank you so much!|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge.  I need it to arrive by 16:00.  I also need it to department from Cambridge. Can you assist me?|So you want a train to and from Cambridge? Can you please clarify and also give a day?
I need to go to leicester on saturday and arrive by 16:00|Train TR5677 will get you to Leicester by 11:06.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes, please.  I need five tickets.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 581GRL6J.  Is there anything else I can do to assist?
Can you check for Italian restaruants in the centre area? Thank you in advance.|What price range are you looking to for please?
I'm looking for a expensive restaurant.|You have 4 options. May I recommend Don Pasquale Pizzeria? I can try to make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes, please book a table for 5 at 13:30 on Saturday.|You have a table for five booked at Don Pasquale Pizzeria at 13:30 on Saturday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have the reference number?|Oh, yes, I'm sorry.  The reference number is P0X6X7AZ.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.|I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.|How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town?
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
Am looking for a train,it should depart from cambridge and should go to ely|the train id is TR1709 and it leaves on friday
I need to travel on wednesday and get there by 17:15.|TrainID TR6745 leaves Cambridge at 15:50 and arrives at Ely at 16:07. It's the last Wednesday train.
Can you give me the price?|That train costs 4.40 pounds.
Alright. I'll take it! That train will be perfect.|Ok, how many seats would you like to book?
Oh, I don't need to book now. I just need the information for reference. Thank you. Goodbye.|You are very welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Is there any french food in Cambridge?|Yes there is one
Well, can you give me some information on it?|Well there are two french restaurants actually, sorry had a blond moment. One in the north and one in the centre, which one were you interested in?
I would like something expensive.  Is either option expensive?|Both are expensive options.
Can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at 19:00 and send me a ref number.|Excellent choice! I've booked you a table for 2 at the Cote. Your reference number is EUOHK8LX and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great!  I am also looking for a train for the same day, departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge.  It should arrive by 11:00.|There are three trains that would bring you to Cambridge by 11:00. They depart at 5:17, 07:17, and 09:17. Which train would you prefer?
Let's book the earliest train, to give us more time to enjoy the city. Please book seats for two and let me know the reference number.|Okay, you're booked. Your reference number is  R2OF8D6Q. Your total cost is  37.76 GBP payable at the station .  How can I further assist you?
That is all for today. Thank you very much for all your help. Goodbye.|welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
Hello, I need to take a train to Norwich on Tuesday, can you please tell me what's available?|We have 19 trains that meet that criteria, where will you be departing from?
cambridge and should leave after 14:45|Train TR6524 would work for you. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes please book TR6524 on tuesday leaving at 14:45 going to norwich from cambridge.   Please confirm departure time.  Thank you.|Will you only need 1 ticket?  The train will leave Cambridge at 15:36.
I just need the train travel time , please.|the travel time is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Yes please, I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.  The area doesn't matter.|I found a result for A and B Guest House in east that has internet. Would you like more info?
Yes, I'm celebrating a special occasion, so money is no object. Is A and B an expensive, 4-star guesthouse?|A and B guesthouse is moderately priced. Could you like an expensive guesthouse instead?
yes i am rich I need expensive|I don't have a expensive guesthouse.
how about a hotel type instead?|There are a few available. I highly suggest the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 5 people, for 4 nights starting on friday.|Booking was successful the Reference number is : ECPE3KUV. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks.|Great. I'm glad I could be of help.
Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling.
I am looking for a German restaurant in the expensive price range.|There are no restaurant that fit your description, do you want me to look for restaurant with moderate price range?
Did you try the center of town?|Yes, there are not any restaurants available.  Would you like to try a different price range?
How about an expensive Indian restaurant?|Yes, there are several expensive Indian restaurants in the centre area. Curry Garden and Saffron Brasserie and a few others. Should I book a table for you?
book a table for 2 people at 12:00 on thursday.|I have booked you at Curry Garden. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8TKID5N6. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:45.|Where would you like to depart from and what is your desintation?
I want to depart from peterborough to cambridge.|the tr8272 will get you where you need to go
When does it depart?|It departs at 05:00.
OK, thanks, I'll take care of it from there.|The price would be 23.60 per person for that train and be 51 minutes long trip.  Enjoy your day!
Hi I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 17:15.|What is your destination?
I will be going to bishops stortford.|I would recommend TR1567 which leaves Cambridge at 17:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 18:07.
No, can you find another one please?|The next one after that departs two hours later. Would you like to reserve a seat on either train?
Yes, either train would be fine.|I have booked your seat on the TR1567. Total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number isCWX49ENL
Thank you. Could you also recommend a college in the Centre to visit and provide the post code?|Christ's College would be great, their postcode is cb23bu. Is that all you need?
thank you that will be all good bye|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.|I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?|we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.|I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I do need a place to stay, so are there any 4 star hotels available?|I have 2 options - one is cheap and one is expensive. Which price range would you prefer?
cheap will work. can you book it for Wednesday? 1 person, 2 nights. I'll need the reference number too.|I was able to book a room at Alexander bed and breakfast, your reference number is VWF48IZM. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart Cambridge after 14:15 and arrive in Norwich on friday.|TR8314 departs Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
YES PLEASE. FOR 1 PERSON.|1 ticket on TR8314 has been booked. Your total is 17.6 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : H0JS8RMF.
Thanks, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I need to find a moderately priced vegetarian restaurant.|We don't have any moderately priced vegetarian places in town. Would you like to try a different type of food or a different price range?
Unfortunately no, it has to be vegetarian, so i will have to make my own accommodations, thanks.|There are no vegetarian options in the area.
Okay, what about international food?|I have two - both in centre. The varsity Resturant and Bloomsbury. Would you like to book one?
Make a reservation at Bloomsbury please, for Thursday night.|What time do you want to dine and how many people in your party?
Please book for 6 people at 17:00 on Thursday. I'd also like the reference number.|Your table was booked. Your reference number is MLK7FV6P.
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart cambridge and go to stansted airport on thursday. Arrive by 17:00.|Would you be interested in TR9427? It arrives at 16:08 and departs at 15:40.
That would be just fine.|How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book, but could you tell me the total travel time, please?|Sure thing.  Travel time is 28 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that should be all for me today. Thank you so much, you've been very helpful!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a train that leaves on tuesday and should depart from cambridge.|I'm finding many trains departing from Cambridge on Tuesday. What is your destination?
I am going to Peterborough and want to arrive by 13:30.|I have a train that departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 12:34 and will get you to Peterborough at 13:24 exactly. Would you like me to book that seat for you?
Yes, please! I need 6 seats.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : NH7GXPVA.
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.|Okay great. I'm glad I was able to help you.
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?|I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.|I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, actually. I need to book a train from Standsted to Cambridge. It has to be for Tuesday and definitely after 09:30|Great! And when would you like to arrive by?
I would like one that leaves after 9:30.|There are many options available. Did you want to arrive at a certain time?
I would like to leave after 9:30.|There are 14 that meets your criteria. Could you give me a departing time, to narrow it down?
I do not have a further preference.|Train TR8846 meets your criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : EOJC45ES. Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help, goodbye!|Have a great night.
I want a train that leaves on wednesday.|Okay, I'd be happy to book that for you. Where would you like to go?
I'm going to Cambridge from New Street in Birmingham|How about train TR0014, leaving at 05:40?
I need to make sure that I will arrive by 09:15?|Yeah, that train will get you there by 8:23.
Great. I'm also looking for information on the Ugly Duckling restaurant.|The Ugly Duckling is a fantastic Chinese place in the center of town. It's expensive, but worth it. I'd be happy to book a table, if you like.
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 1 at 15:15 on the same day as the train.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QLK6MOBC. You are all set! Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's it. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hello, I need to book a train for Thursday leaving to Peterborough.|No problem, can you please let me know where you want to depart from?
I would like to leave Cambridge after 09:15.|TR7317 leaves at 10:06 on Thursday, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes just one seat, and I'll need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : SALFLI4E.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
I want to go all out this St Patricks day, can you find me an Irish restaurant?   Lets go with an expensive one.|Sadly, there aren't any.
How about an expensive Mexican restaurant then?|Sure.  There is Chiquito Restaurant Bar in the south.  Would you like the address?  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the phone number for now?|Yes certainly, it is 01223400170.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains from cambridge to london kings cross.|When would you like to travel?
I need to leave after 09:00 on saturday|TR2138 leaves exactly at 09:00 on Saturday. Would you like to book a ticket?
yes please book for 5 people|Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YTQP8ST. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Okay, enjoy your trip!  Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for information on booking a train. I would like to leave on Wednesday and arrive at the destination at 17:00.|From where would you like to catch the train and what is your destination?
I would like to catch the train at London Liverpool Street and I'm going to Cambridge.|the TR2826 arrives at 15:07. would that be ok?
Yes can you book it for me and give me a reference number ?|Yes of course. Your booking number is DQRT2P5U.
Awesome. I also need a place to eat in the moderate range. I'm thinking maybe in the city centre.|There are 5 moderately priced restaurants in the centre, 4 serve british, and one serves asian oriental food. Which would you prefer?
I really wanted a moderately priced restaurant in the center that serves spanish food actually|I found la tasca it meets your criteria would you like me to book that for you?
Just give me the address if you could please|The address is 14-16 Bridge Street.
Thanks, I don't need any more help. Have a good day!|Thank you! And enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|If you need to contact the police you can phone them at 01223358966. Or, is there some specific information I can help you with?
We need to find a guesthouse in the north for our stay.|I have both cheaply and moderately priced guesthouses to choose from. Do you have a preference?
must have free wi fi|There's quite a few. I personally like the acorn guest house. It's 4 stars with internet access. It's located at 154 chesterton road.
Great, Can you please book me for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday?|I have booked you for 2 people for 5 nights at acorn guest house. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888. Will there be anything else?
I also need a train.|I need a departure are and destination please
Hi, I'm looking to book a train out of Cambridge that I want to arrive in Ely.  Can you assist me with finding times and dates?|There are 70 trains traveling to Ely from Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|You could take TR8860 early Saturday at 05:50.  It's a short trip of 17 minutes and costs 3.52 pounds. Will this work for you?
Can you book that one for 6 people?|Yes, I have made the booking for you. Your reference number is 1K560JNY.
I also need a place to eat, I would like it in the west and expensive.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes. British food please.|I have two. Shall I book one for you?
Yes, I need a table for 6 people at 10:30 on Saturday and please provide the reference number after booking is completed.|What day do you want it for, before I confirm the booking?
The same day, saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XEP4E22B. Will there be anything else today?
Thank you, thats all I need today.|Glad I could help, hope you have a great trip!
I am looking for places to on the south side of town.|Alright. What type of places? Cambridge has a wide array of things to do and places to go such as, museum's, nightclubs, parks and restaurants.
I would like to visit a park. Could you find one and give me the address and postcode?|Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is located at Fen Causeway, Newnham road, postal code cb322ad.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|Do you have a day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday after 18:45.|The earliest train is TR7604. It arrives at 19:58. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 1 ticket. May I have the reference number?|I have booked your train. The reference number is JI5O0VTT. The fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank your for your help.|I'm happy I was able to help you today. Call the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!
I'll be sure to so that, bye.|Thank you for using our system.
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.|I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet?  I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.|That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.  I'd like 4 stars though.|Ok what about the allenbell? It's priced cheap.
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?|The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from Cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?
I will be departing on thursday in the afternoon and heading to Ely.|OKay would you like me to book this for you?
I'm sorry, I am actually leaving on Wednesday and going to London Liverpool Street.|TR1549 leaves Wednesday at 17:50 arriving in Ely at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the travel time and price?|Travel time is 17 minutes and it's 4.40 pounds. Do you need anything else?
What is the price of the train?|The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with that booking.
I am looking for a chinese restaurant.|Okay. Any other criteria?
I actually don't want a restaurant. I need a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.  Can you help me?|Is there a certain time you need to leave after or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 15:45.|TR1931 will arrive by 11:44
What is the reference number?|I'll be able to give you a reference number once we've booked. Did you want me to book this train for you?
Yes. please book me 2 tickets.|You are good to go. Your reference number is 9S9SF2VH and it will cost 120.16 GBP at the station.
Thank you. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the west and it should be moderate in price.|I can suggest the allenbell.
That sounds great! I'd like a reservation for 5 nights please.|Certainly, how many people will be staying?
2 people starting on tuesday. please find me the reference number|I'm sorry, Allenbell was not in the west.  Hobsons House meets your needs and I have booked you a room. Reference number is : CTYSXIVU.
Okay. That should do it. Thanks for your help with everything.|You are welcome. enjoy your stay.
Good day, I need help getting a train from London Liverpool street going all the way to Cambridge, can you help me?|Sure thing there are 70 trains making that trip, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to travel on Wednesday and arrive by 10:15. Can you help?|There are 3 trains available. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, as long as it arrives by 10:15.|TR8813 departs london liverpool street at 7:39 and arrives in cambridge at 9:07. I can book tickets for you, if you like.
That will be great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south part of town. Do you have any recommendations?|Certainly, we have 3 guesthouse aylesbray lodge guest house, bridge guest house, rosa's bed and breakfast or the lensfield hotel. Which would you like?
I need something in the cheap price range.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast fits that, would you like to book a room there?
Does the hotel offer free wifi?|Yes, Rosa's does offer free wifi.
Great, I think that will work. I need a room for myself for five days, starting Wed.|Sadly I was unable to book you for that time period. Is there another day you'd like to check in, or possibly you could stay for a shorter time period?
Would you be able to book the stay for four nights instead? Can i also get the reference number?|Booking was successful for 4 nights at rosa's bed and breakfast . Your reference number is : 1G56HJK3.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Norwich on friday.|Of course what day would you like travel?
I'm looking for a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, I'm hoping to leave by 12:00.|TR8662 runs norwich to cambridge and leaves at 11:16 that day. Should I book it for you?
could I have the price please?|The price of the TR8662 is 17.60 pounds per ticket. Is there anything more I can help you with today?
I would like to find a lovely hotel to stay in cambridge that has free wifi, so I can watch netflix. Can you help me with that as well?|We have lots of accommodations that include free wifi. What type of place would you like to stay in, and what area of the city do you prefer?
I'd like a 4 star hotel but it doesn't matter which area it's in.|I'm showing 3 different ones.  One is located in the centre & the other 2 are west.  Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Oh I'm sorry, I forgot I need to know what time my train will arrive in Cambridge.  Can you please help me with that first?|The TR8662 train arrives in Cambridge at 12:35. Do you want me to book a hotel now?
Yes, I'll need a hotel for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|The booking at huntingdon marriott hotel was successful. Your reference number is 5ZCWD20P.
Thank you. That will be all.|Welcome. have a nice day.
I need a hotel with free wifi. I'm broke, though, so find me a 0-star hole in the wall.|There are three 0 star hotels, both city centre north b and b, and el shaddai are cheap, and cityroomz is moderate. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guest house if any 0 stars are available.|We have 2 of those. Would you like a guesthouse in the north or centre?
I would like a guesthouse in the north please. Can you check if it has free parking?|Our cheap zero star guesthouse in the north has both free wifi and free parking.  Would you like to book?
Not right now. Thank you. I am also looking for a train that leaves on Monday and arrives by 1830.|Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
Leaving Cambridge and headed to Stevenage, please.|I have a 15:21 or a 17:21 train, arriving 49 minutes later at 16:10 or 18:10, respectively. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. The 17:21 would be perfect. Please book it for 4 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is YSJ6ZWYT. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.|I have many types of restaurants in the center. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like african food.|I highly recommend bedouin located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It is in the expensive range. Would you like me to book you a table?
yes, please. for 7 people starting at 11:15 on sunday.|I was able to book the table for you, your reference number is 1CRCO6HT they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anymore assistance?
I would also like to find a train that would arrive at 19:45 and depart from Cambridge.|What is your destination and travel day?
train should go to kings lynn and should leave on monday|Your best bet would be TR7803, leaving Cambridge at 18:11 and arriving King's Lynn at 18:58. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please that sounds good!|how many tickets should i book you for?
i apologize. i dont need to book tickets. but can i please get the travel time.|The travel time is 47 minutes.
Thanks. That's really all I need. Goodbye.|your welcome, have a great day!
I would like to find something to do in the west part of the city.|If you like museums, you can check out the Cambridge and County Folk Museum on 2-3 Castle Street or Kettle's Yard also on castle street
That sounds great.  Can you find the address and phone number for me?|The Cambridge and County Folk Museum's number is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 Castle Street.
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving Stevenage on Friday?|Yes, the train runs every two hours from morning until late night. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, on any one that leaves anytime after 19:15|The earliest train after your specified time is TR4969 that departs at 19:54. If this is acceptable, shall I book just 1 seat?
Yes please just 1 seat.|Your reference number is 688IIT9D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye|Alright have a great evening!
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the north, what kind of options can you give me?|There are 2 guesthouses available. One is 0 stars and the other is 4 stars. Which do you prefer?
I would like the one with the 4-star rating please. Does it include free wifi by chance?|Worth house has a 4 star rating and wifi yes.
Please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 4AU76U6Y.
Thanks, can also get me information on a train departing from Bishops Stortford and arriving by 08:30.|I have 5 train options leaving from Bishops Stortford from Cambridge that arrive before 08:30. Would you prefer to travel on Saturday, Monday, or Friday?
I need that train on Monday please.|Train TR0532 fits your criteria. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Could you give me a departure time and travel time for that train?|TR0532 departs at 07:29 and arrives by 08:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time.  Thanks for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that settles everything! Thank you.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I need to take a train here on Friday, I will be coming from Leicester.|Train TR3190 Leicester to Cambridge leaves Friday at 6:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is there one that leaves after 10:00?|Yes, the TR8659 leaves at 10:09.
THanks, please book it for 8 people. I'll need to reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IOJTYL4C. Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|What are you interested in? There's architecture, colleges, cinemas, etc.
It doesn't really matter, as long as it is in the centre. I will just need the address, postcode, and phone number.|May I recommend the primavera museum in the centre of town located at 10 king s parade in post code cb21sj. Their phone number is 01223357708
That's perfect! Thank you for your help!|Of course.  No problem.  Can we help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a train to cambridge that will get me there by 20:30.|Alright, where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from bishops stortford and leave on Thursday.|Ok perfect!  I have TR0060 which will arrive by 20:07.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No, that won't be necessary. I do need the departure time, and travel time though.|TR0060 will depart Bishops Stortford at 19:29, and it will take 38 minutes for your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, yes. Can you help me locate a college to visit?|Churchill college is in the west part of town.
Can you give me their phone number please?|Yes, their number is 01223336233. Is that all for you today?
That's everything thanks.|You are very welcome! I hope you have a fantastic time and enjoy your day!
Greetings, are there are any trains leaving bishops stortford.|there are many. Where would you like to travel to?
I would like to leave on thursday to cambridge.|I have 10 trains leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Thursday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to leave after 16:30.|Train 0277 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes make a booking for 8 people and give reference number.  Can you suggest places to go like museums in Cambridge?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3AWBI59X.
Great. Thanks.  I'm also looking for a museum to check out.  Can you help me with that?|Cambridge has 23 museums. What area of town would you like to go to one in?
Can you find one in the south please?|Certainly, the Byard Art is a museum in the south part of town. Their address is 14 king's parade. Would that work for you?
Can you tell em the postcode as well please?|It's cb21sj. Anything else you need assistance with?
That is all for today, you were very helpful.|Thank you so much! You have a wonderful day! Bye!
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.|What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.|Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.|There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
Just check moderate price range then please!|We have the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you want, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes just for me. For four nights please|What day would you like you stay to start?
I would like my reservations to start on sunday.|Done! Your reference number is WTJER271. Can I help you with anything else?
i also want a train to take me to ely|On what day do you need to go to Ely?
Thursday, please. I need to leave from Cambridge.|Ok! There are 10 trains; do you have a time preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 20:15.|TR7355 arrives in ely by 18:07, or there is also one that arrives by 20:07.  Would you like to book a ticket for one of these?
Yes please. I need one ticket.|Your ticket has been booked. Your reference number is 561MGK3J. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I will need to take a train here from london kings cross, I will need ot get here by 19:45.|And what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday please.|Train TR5725 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
Please, I'll need 6 tickets.|OK, you have 6 seats reserved on TR5725, ref# J7XP2Z15. Get to bed early - that's a 05:16 departure! Can I help with anything else today?
Yes you can! I'm also looking for information about a place called Cineworld Cinema. Do you have any details about it?|It is a great cinema in the south part of town. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Do you need me to book or look up info about anything else?
That was all for today, thank you.|Have a great day!
I need a train that leaving Cambridge for Ely.|What day and time would you like to arrive in ely?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 13:15.|There are several options available that could suit you.  The arrival times are anywhere from 06:07 to 12:07.  What time do you want to leave?
I'd like the reference number please.|I'm sorry, I can not give a reference number until we book you a seat.  There is a train departing at 07:50 , would you like to book that now?
Can I get one ticket on the train that arrives at 12:07?|Not a problem. Do you need the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number, please. I am also looking for a guesthouse as well.|a and b guest house located at 124 tension road phone number 01223315702 and is located in the east side.
Is it 4 stars and is there wifi?|It is four starts and it does have wifi.
Great! Can I get the address, please?|The address is 124 tenison road postcode cb12dp
Also, does it have free parking?|no it does not have free parking
I need one with free parking.|I'm sorry, your train reference number is THUZ22RM. Acorn guest house in the north has wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Thanks for the train info. May I have the address for the  Acorn guest house, please?|Yes, it's located at 154 chesterton road. May I help with something else?
No thank you.  Now that I have the info, I can take it from here.|If that is all, have a good trip. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 18:00 on wednesday?|Can you please give me your departure and destination, please?
I want to leave after 18:00 to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|I have one departing at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
How much is the price per ticket?|17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.|Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a hotel in the north side with four stars, please.|There are 7! Do you need internet and parking?
No but it needs to be a guesthouse.|I have five places. Shall I book you one?
Please, for 7 people, 4 nights.  The same day as my train.  What was the travel time on that train again?|I have booked you at Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is MMSZTKRS. Your train trip is 60 minutes long, but you've not booked. Would you like to do that now?
Thank you, that is all the information I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a cuban restaurant.|I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
I need something expensive in Centre and it really needs to serve Cuban food.|Again, unfortunately, we don't have any Cuban restaurants listed. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
Is there a chinese restaurant in the same price range?|I have several places. Would you like me to book it?
No, just pick your favorite and give me the address and postcode please.|There is no listings for Cuban food ,would you want something else
I was hoping for Cuban, but since there aren't any, do you have any expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?|May I recommend Ugly Duckling? They're an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre and they are quite popular.
Sure, could I get the postcode and the address please?|The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and their postcode is cb21tw. Can I assist you with anything further?
Thank you. I also want a train for friday, from broxbourne to cambridge|There are 19 trains on Friday, do you have a specific time you want to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by 08:15.|There are 2 that arrive by 08:15. The closest to that arrival time is arriving at 07:32.
What is the travel time for that one?|That's TR5570. The travel time is 60 minutes.
And what is the price on that one?|17.90 pounds per ticket I do believe. Is there something else I can help you with today?
What time is the departure? I am sorry.|The departure is 06:32. Anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your time here.
I would like to book a train for Monday departing from kings lynn and arriving at Cambridge at 14:45.|What time would you like to leave by?
Can you please provide me with the departure time of the train arriving by 14:45 or just before?|The departure time is 13:11.
What time is it scheduled to arrive?|The departure time is 13:11.  May I book some tickets or provide you with further assistance today?
Thanks so much for your help. That's all today.|Okay, thank you so much for contacting us. Have a great trip!
Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 16:15 on tuesday.|I have a train that laeves at 17:21. Will that do?
there is none that leaves earlier? how much will that one cost me?|There is no earlier train. The price is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thank you. Could you help me find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at?|I have 2 guesthouses in the center. They're both cheap, but the 4-star Alexander B&B is by far the better choice. Would you like to book a room?
I need one in the expensive price range that includes free parking.|I'm sorry we don't have an expensive guesthouse in the centre area. Would you like to try some different criteria?
Ok, well do you mind trying to see if there is a hotel that matches my other requests.|I recommend University Arms motel. I meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like it for Thursday for 7 people, 5 nights.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is : VH6MRHBA.  What else can I help you with today?
Thanks, that's all. Goodbye|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for a train to London Kings Cross that departs after 08:15.|What day would you like to travel?
I'll be travelling on a Wednesday.|Are you departing from cambridge station?
Yes. What do you have available?|The TR2000 leaves cambridge going to london kings cross on friday at 09:00. It arrives in london kings cross at 09:51. How does that sound?
That's great. Please book me two tickets.|The booking was successful and the fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E2N0JHSY. May I assist you with anything else today.
No thank you, that is all.|Have a good day!
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.|I found a variety of choices. Let's narrow down the selection. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Definitely the south part of town, thanks.|Aylesbray lodge guest house is available, would you like to try them?
Are there any hotels with free parking, or just guesthouses?|There are three guest houses and a hotel. Do you have a preference for price range or number of stars?
Anything you recommend will work fine. Can I have the phone number of the one you pick?|I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. You can reach them at 0122355017. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.|On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 8:00.|I have train TR8335 that will arrive in London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also need the travel time and the departure time please.|Train TR8335  departs Cambridge at 07:00. The duration of the trip is 51 minutes.
Thank you.   You have satisfied all of my requests.|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and need a place to stay with free parking.|I have many different options available. Let me ask, do you have a certain price range or area in mind?
I have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the north part of town.|That narrows it down to about 9 different options. Most offer both free parking wifi. If you would like my personal recommendation, I would say go with the Hamilton Lodge.
Excellent. Can I book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 152UJWIK. anything else today?
Yes, I need to find a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|Thanks i will find you one.Thanks a lot
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great - how can I help you?
I am looking for a moderately price place to stay while i'm there.|Do you have an area you prefer?
I would like to be in the west.|hobsons house meets your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good.  I need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights, starting wednesday.|your booking was successful.
Reference number is : 32C66ISH.
Yes, I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the expensive price range.|Sorry, we're not finding anything. What else you would like to look for?
What other options are there at the city centre in the expensive price range?|There's the Bedouin offering African, Kymmoy offering Asian, and Fitzbillies offering British just to name a few.
African sounds great! Thanks!|I can book a table for you at Bedouin if you let me know the day, time, and number of people in your party.
I just need the postcode for now, Thanks!|The postcode for the Bedouin is cb12bd.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you also help me find a train leaving on Saturday after 15:15?|There are lots of trains then. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'll be going from stansted airport and heading to cambridge.|There is train TR1493 departing Stansted airport at 15:24, if this works for you would you like me to book it?
That would be perfect, please book it.|I have booked you one seat on this train. Did you need any other seats? Your confirmation code is CBM69HZZ. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I get an arrival time for that?|Absolutely. You will arrive at 15:52.
Great, thanks!  I believe that's all I need for now!|Are you certain you do not require further assistance?
That was everything for today. Thank You!|Train TR1493 departs Stansted airport Saturday at 15:24 with an arrival time in Cambridge of 15:52.
Thank you for you help.|Anything else I can get you today?
No, thank you. Have a nice night.|You too. Good night.
Hi there. I would like to find a train to Ely for Thursday.|No problem, what time would you like to arrive in Ely?
I need to leave from cambridge and leave after 08:30|I have a train TR1923 leaving cambridge at 9:50 and arriving in ely at 10:07 on thursday. Would you like to reserve this?
What is the price?|The price is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else you want?
No thank you.  That's all I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Wait! Before you go, can you tell me about your favorite college to visit in town?|There is Queens' College on the west side of town.
What is the address and phone number of Queens' College?|The address is silver street and the phone number is 01223335511. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, one more thing. May I have the postcode for Queens' College, please.|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need, bye.|Goodbye and enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|I sure can!  Do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to broxbourne.|Ok.  What day will you be traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from cambridge.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
I'd like to leave at 20:15. There will be 8 people traveling with me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : ZKT87GL0.
Can you also help me find some information on a restaurant?  It is called Pizza express.|Is that just Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
Just Pizza Express please.|Pizza express is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the centre. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please, 8 people at 12:30 on Tuesday.|I can't make that reservation right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try for Thursday then?|Ok! You're booking was successful. Your reference number is 662ALFUF. Anything else I can do?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|I am always happy to assist! Bye!
I need to find a British restaurant in West Cambridge.|There are multiple options for you. To narrow them down what price range do you have in mind?
No, can you recommend a favorite?|I would recommend Graffiti.  It is a bit expensive, so if you want something moderately price there is also Saint Johns Chop House.
Please book 2 tables for 8 people on friday also i need train tickets for 8 people.|What time would you like these reservations?
Graffiti sounds good.  I actually need that reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Wednesday. Can I have the reference number for that?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YYPPDY56. anything else i could help you with?
I would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in Cambridge at 09:00 on the same day.|There are two trains that would work. One arrives at 07:07 and the other arrives at 01:07. Which one would you prefer?
Can you book the train that arrives at 07:07 that one would work great. I need the reference number as well.|i can definitely do that, how many tickets would you like?
it's for the same group of people|Alright, I've booked a train for your group, the reference number is AOIMGBHK, and there will be an 83 GBP fee at the station.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed right now!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I want to dine at an expensive asian oriental food restaurant.|There are two restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest Kymmoy?
Which of the two restaurants is in the north?|Saigon City is in the North. Do you need a booking for that?
Yes, can you book a table for 5 for Monday at 16:15?|Yes, I can book the table for you.
ok, provide reference number too please.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : UM6YO5NS.
Can you help me find a restaurant called "Cotto"?|Yes. Cotto is located at 183 East Road City. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, and also the postcode.|Phone number is 01223302010. Postcode is cb11bg.
Thanks, I also need a train that leaves after 20:15 on Wednesday.|There are 546 trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to leave from and where do you want to go?
I am leaving from cambridge and heading to ely.|Train ID TR8533 is available to leave at 21:50 and arrive by 22:07.  Would you like to book this now?
Yes, please.  Thank you.|Before I book, I just want to confirm you only need one ticket?
Yes, that's right. It's just for me.|It's all booked, reference is 824HFY0Q
Great that's all I need, thank you.|Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye
Do you have a train leaving on Sunday?|Thre are many. Where and when would you like to travel?
I want to go to Bishops Stratford and arrive by 8:15 in the evening, could you tell me the train options?|Do you want to arrive by 08:15 (morning) or 20:15 (evening)?
Arrival by 20:15 in the evening.|I have a train leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford by 20:07 will that train work?
Yes. I'm a big museum fan so now please find me a museum to visit in the Centre|Certainly! But first, did you want to secure passage on the TR6072, departing at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a museum to visit. Could you provide the entrance fee and phone number?|how many tickets do you need for the train?
Just one ticket is fine. Now can you tell me about the museum?|Okay I've booked your train. Reference : OVNR0IHT. And, I have lots of museums in the centre. Do you need free admissoin?
Pick any and it does not matter. Please give me the fee cost and phone number once booked.|I suggest Castle Galleries. It has a free entrance fee and the contact number is 01223307402.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Well thank you for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a wonderful day!
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?|There are 6 places to choose from. Is there a certain price range or area of town you want to be in?
In the west, please. It should be a hotel type, please.|We don't seem to have a guesthouse that has everything you want. There is a hotel that has the other things. Would you like that?
Can you tell me a little about that hotel please?|It is a guesthouse, not a hotel sorry. The pricerange is moderate. It has 3 stars, free wifi, and parking. Would you like to book it?
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting on monday.|Reference number is : SEMSYF2T. Is there anything else?
I also need a train from Peterborough.|What is your destination, and what day do you wish to travel?
I am looking to leave at 13:15 from peterborough.|Okay, I will still be needing your destination and day of travel
Oh, sorry need to go to Cambridge and will be traveling on Monday.|There are 22 matching entries. Do you want me to book a train for you?
No can you just tell me the arrival time of the first train that departs after 13:15?|The first arrival time is 14:09.
Okay that's great.  Thank you very much.|Would you like me to reserve that for you?
No thanks, I'm all set with everything.  Thank you for your help.|Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Okay goodbye you can end the conversation|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for some places to go in town. Can  you help me find a swimmingpool in the west.|Sorry, I didn't pull up any results. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
No. Instead of swimming I think I will go to college. Any of those around here?|i have found five. would you like info for the 3 free or the 2 that cost 2.50 pounds?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one for me?|The magdalene college is nice. It is free to enter. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please get Magdalene College's phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train going to peterborough.|From what location?
Cambridge will be the departure place.  I'd like to leave after 10:45 on Sunday.  I'll need the travel time, arrival time, and Train ID please.|Ok   I will book it for you
Find me places to stay in town that include free parking and free wifi.|We have many option, did you need a certain side of town or price?
I would really like a guesthouse in the east please.|Carolina Bed and Breakfast offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book this guesthouse for you?
Yes please I will be there for three night. Can I get a confirmation number?|I can book that for you.  At the present I cannot give a confirmation number.  Their phone number is 01223247015.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves North American food.|Gourmet burger kitchen serve North American food do you want me to book a table?
I also need it in the expensive price range.|Yes, the Gourmet Burger Kitchen is rated as expensive. Would you like to book?
I need the post code actually.|The post code for gourmet burger kitchen is cb21ab.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge, arriving by 12:30 on Wednesday to Bishops Stortford.|If you take the TR8224, you'll get to Bishop's Stortford at 12:07.
And what's the travel time on that?|The travel time on TR8224 is 38 minutes.
Great!  Thanks for the information.  That will be all for today.  Have a great day!|You're very welcome. You have a great day as well, goodbye!
Hello! I'm looking for a train arriving by 10:30 to cambridge.|That are several options that arrive in Cambridge by 10:30.  When are you traveling and where are you departing from?
I am departing from leicaster and it will be on thursday|Four trains will get you there by 10:30.  Would you prefer to depart at 6:54, 7:54, 8:54 or 9:54?
9:54 sounds good. What is the price? And how long is the trip?|I beg your pardon, but the times I mentioned earlier were for arrival rather than departure. The departure times are 5:09. 6:09. 7:09, and 8:09. What is your preference?
Can you tell me what the travel time is and the price?|Which train would you like that for?
The 8:09 departure, please.|That's train TR6180. The travel time is 105 minutes, and the cost is 37.80 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. That's all I needed today.|Great. I'm glad I could help you with that. Have a nice day. Goodbye!
I need a place to dine for my upcoming trip.  I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.|What kind of cuisine are you interested and do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a cheap chinese place.|What area of town would you like to be on?
The west please.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap chinese food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Is there one with Venetian food?|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap Venetian food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Any expensive Indian food in the west?|I have 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west. i would suggest the rice boat. they are at 37 newnham road. i can make a reservation if you like.
Yes please. For monday at 12:00 for 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.|your all set. Reference is T0MSA1QK. They will only hold the table for 15 minutes, so you might want to keep that in mind, anything else?
thanks for everything, this is great|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi! I'm looking for a train to Norwich on Saturday.|What is your departure site and time?
From Cambridge and I want to arrive by 20:30.|I have a train that would leave at 18:36 and arrive by 19:55.  It's 79 minutes long and costs 14.08 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, book it for 7 people.|All booked and ready to go! The reference number is RJVNE0PT.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you find a 1 star hotel for me that is a guesthouse?|Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet that criteria. In the area, there are 24 guesthouses, some of them cheap, some expensive. Can you narrow down your choices?
If there are no 1 star guesthouses, please find me the cheapest one that includes free wifi.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star cheap guesthouse with free interenet and parking located in the centre. Does that work for you?
Yes Alexander bed and breakfast that has a star of 4 would be great.|Sure, I can book that for you. How many people will be staying and for how long also arriving what day?
There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.|My attempt to book your party was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different length of stay, or a different hotel?
Would 1 night work instead? If it does could I get the reference number please?|Yes, 1 night will work. I've booked the hotel for you, and your reference number is FIINUE5N. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.|Wonderful. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hey, I'm headed to birmingham new street on Friday. Please find me a train|Sure, what is your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and need to leave after 17:45.|Okay, the TR7420 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I need 3 tickets.|You are all set, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station, the reference number is D058JMG9, do you need anything else today?
I'm also looking for colleges in the south. Can you help me with that?|I'm afraid there are no colleges on the south side. Would you like me to look for something else or in a different area?
Are there any nightclubs in the south?|There is one, and it's called The Place. They're located at 22 Sidney Street.
Hmm.. Sounds fun. What is their post code?|The postcode is cb23hg.
Is there anything else I can help with?|Is there anything else you need me to help you with?
No.  You have covered everything.  Thank you so much.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
I really need to get out of Cambridge! Can you find me a train to Leicester? Sometime after 08:45 because I like to sleep in.|I would be happy to help with your request, what day will you be leaving?
I'll be leaving this place on Saturday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
It does not matter.|There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and arrive in Leiester at 11:06. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. What's the cost of the ticket?|The ticket price is 30.24 pounds. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need the travel time and arrival time please.|arrival time is 11:06 and travel time is 105 minutes
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called cityroomz.|Sure, what kind of information do you need?
I'd like to to book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday|I have booked a room for 8 for 4 nights beginning on Tuesday. Your reference number is SY5AJ8CL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not at this time. Thank you.|Have a fantastic day, goodbye.
I am looking for train leaving on Friday.|Sure! What is your destination and departure preference?
I will be going to the lovely village of Kings Lynn, it be be after I get out of work, so I need to leave after 21:30.|There is a 12:11 is that is not too soon for you to leave.
I said 21:30. Try again.|I'm sorry I misunderstood you. There are 2 trains leaving after 21:30. TR0394 leaves at 22:11 and TR2311 at 23:11 both depart from cambridge.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what do you need to know?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.|Are you looking for a certain price range or a particular part of town?
I would like a hotel in a moderate price range not far from the railway station.|I'm sorry I don;t have anything matching your description. Do you have another area in mind?
If there aren't any, how about a guesthouse?|Nothing matches for guesthouse or hotel, can I try something else for you?
A guesthouse with a 3 star rating and does not need to have internet, nothing?|There are no guest houses in that area with a three star rating. Is there another area you would like me to check?
I guess a hotel in the same area with any rating will do.|I have the Gonville hotel that is a 3 star expensive hotel. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Sunday.|How many people will be staying and how many nights do you need?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Could you give me the reference number?|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is V0E1X9SL. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all thank you for your help.|May I book you a train and or a taxi?
No, thank you. I have everything I need.|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Can you help me get train tickets leaving london kings cross arriving by 18:30?|What day would you like to travel?
On Thursday please.|TR5219 is leaving London Kings Cross at 05:17 and arriving by 06:08 at cambridge on friday
Can you tell me the price and travel time of that?|I'm sorry about the misinformation. The TR2775 leaves on Thursday like you want. The price is 23.60 and the travel time is 51 minutes.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat, called graffiti.|I have that, what would you like to know and would you like to book it?
I would like to make a booking for 1 people at 21:00 on the same day.|I'm sorry, they were not able to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 20:00 instead?|I'm sorry, but that booking is also unavailable.  Is there a different day or time I can check for you?  Maybe earlier in the evening?
If 21:00 and 20:00 are not available, I guess I am not interested in booking anything.  Can you check one more time for 20:00?|It was still unsuccessful. I am sorry. Any other times you would like me  to check?
No, unfortunately I need either 21:00 or 20:00. Thank you for checking.|I tried again, but there may be some technical difficulty.None of the reservations I've tried are working. I tried for every time between your requests. Can I help with anything else?
No, but I appreciate the help.|I hope you have a lovely day.
Thanks so much, but I just realized I am missing a crucial bit of info. What is the departure time on my train, please? The corrected train, that is.|I don't believe we were able to complete a reservation. Would you like to try again?
Yes, a train to Cambridge from london kings cross on Thursday by 18:30. If you can get a table for 1 at Graffiti that day at 20:00 or 21:00 too, great.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : R8P7XT7B.
That's all I need. Thanks.|OK. I'm sorry I wasn't able to get you into the restaurant you wanted. Your train TR2512 is leaving at 13:17. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I'm looking for information on a train that will arrive at 20:45 Wednesday.|I have 318 trains running on Wednesday, to help narrow it down where will you be departing/arriving?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to kings lynn.|Train TR3234 leaves at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Shall I book that one for you?
Yes. Thank you very much.|Great. I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : NSRUZ1F6. May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That is all.|I'm glad we could help. thank you and goodbye!
I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge after 20:45.|Many trains leave Cambridge around 20:45, what is the destination?
I need to get to london liverpool street.|I have several options for you, and the price and exact departure time varies by day of the week. Do you have a day preference?
I would like to leave on Thursday|Train TR3695 leaves 21:59 and arrives on 23:27.  Would you like to book it?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 19:30|Where would you like to go to?
I am going to Cambridge on Sunday.|There is a train that arrives at 19:09. Would that do?
Sure would.  What time does it depart and how much does it cost?|leaves at 5:19 13.2 GBP payable at the station your reference number is CLPW6OR9
I am looking for a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 16:00.|Okay. What is your destination?
I am going to be leaving from London Liverpool Street and travelling to Cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that.  How close to 16:00 would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter. Just tell me when it departs so I can be there on time.|The best option for you is the train arriving at 15:07 and leaving at 13:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. Could you give me the train ID, though?|The train ID is TR2826. Is there any other thing i can help you with?
I need a moderately priced guesthouse.|how about a and b guest house? it looks lovely
Sure can you book that for 7 people for 5 nights starting friday?|Your booking has been made for 7 people for 5 nights starting Friday at the A & B guesthouse. Your reference number is ANHVMHU1.
great thanks that's all i need|Ok great. Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the west end of Cambridge.|There are 6 results for Indian restaurants in the west, what price range are you looking for?
I do not have a preference, so surprise me!|I recommend cocum as they are good.
Nice! I would like to make a reservation for 3 on Thursday at 11:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FGM5WP19.
Can I also book a train please?|What time would you like the train to leave?
The train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by 08:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No, just Thursday is the day I need it.|There are five trains leaving Peterborough and going to Cambridge on Thursday. The last one leaves at 7:19 and arrives at 8:09. Is this one you'd like to book?
That's perfect, though I don't want to book it just yet. Can you give me the travel time, price, and train ID please?|The train ID is TR7094. It takes 50 minutes to get from Peterborough to Cambridge. The price is 16.50 pounds. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed, thank you|You're welcome, have a lovely day!
I am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Could you recommend me any expensive places to try?|Yes several. I'd recommend the Cambridge Chop House,Midsummer House Restaurant or Fitzbillies Restaurant
What type of food do those places serve?|All three serve British Cuisine.
Alright, would you also be able to help me find a train? I'm looking to leave on Friday.|I found 404 trains leaving on Friday.  What is your departure and destination locations?
I'll be going to stansted airport from cambridge, and I need to arrive by 8:00.|I found two trains that will do that, one will leave at 5:40, and one will leave at 6:40, which would you like to book?
As long as it will be arriving by 08:00 it doesn't really matter which one, but I need the price of each ticket please.|Both trains cost 10.10 pounds per ticket.
Great thank you so much.|Would you still like me to book a ticket for you or are you satisfied at this point?
I think I'm all set. Thank you very much!|No problem! Have a great trip!
Good morning! I'm trying to buy a train ticket that goes from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you help me do this?|I can absolutely help! Do you have a specific day and arrival/departure time?
The train should leave on Sunday  and should arrive by 16:45|I have a train arriving at 08:09 that leaves at 07:19?
No, I'm sorry, that's much too early. Could you find one closer to 16:00 or 16:20?|The latest train departs at 15:48. Does that work for you?
For the one that departs at 15:48, what time would I arrive?|16:38, fifty minute travel time. Shall I book it?
Yes please.  I need 5 seats.|Booked! At the station you will pay 66 pounds. Reference number: JQ91RH6X.
Great I also need to find a concerthall to visit in the south.|I don't see anything in that area. Can I search a different area or venue for you?
Sure, how about one that is in the type of entertainment?|There is the Man on the Moon in the Centre located at 2 Nofolk St. Their phone number is 01223474144
Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee? Thanks.|I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you for all your help today. Have a great day.|Okay, have a good day as well.
I need a train on Monday, leaving after 10:45.|Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.|We have the TR1028 leaving at 11:01. Does that work?
When does it arrive? And what is the total travel time, please?|It arrives at 1:44 in the afternoon and it is a 2 hour and 43 minute trip.
Great! Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Happy to help. Have a good day.
Please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the centre. Thanks.|There are 21 restaurants meeting your criteria; what type of cuisine are you looking to eat?
I would prefer Danish food, please.|I'm so sorry but there are no Danish restaurants in town at all. Can I interest you in a different type of cuisine?
Lebanese food would be great.|ali baba meets your criteria. can i book for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|how many persons should i book for?
Please book for 2 people on Thursday at 18:00.|Just did, your Reference number is : 8WLSP1VJ.
Can I get the phone, address and post code of the restaurant please?|Their phone number is 01462432565 and their postcode is cb21nt. Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre
Thanks.  I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge.  I need to leave sometime after 10:00.|And what day will you be traveling? Can you also tell me your departure city?
I will be departing from Broxbourne and will be leaving on Friday.|There is a train that leaves at 10:32.
That would work. I'd like 1 ticket, please.|Booking was successful. The price is 17.89 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is PDDNSKVU and the train ID is TR5678.
Thanks for the help, that's all|You are welcome. Thank you for arranging dining and transportation through Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hello, could you tell me about the swimming attractions around Cambridge. Something pool based please.|The jesus green outdoor pool in north is really nice.  Need a phone number?
Actually, I would like the address, please.|Sure their address is between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I am also in need of a train that arrives by 10:15 and goes to norwich.  Can you please look that up for me.|Sure are you departing from Cambridge?
Yes and I will be travelling on Saturday|Is there a time you need to leave by?
No, not really.  But I will need the train ID and departure time.|TR1062 arrives at 9:55. Their departure time is 8:36.  There are trains before that one every hour until 5:35.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I help with anything else today?
no. that is all i needed. thanks. goodbye.|Have a good trip.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|Okay we've got 9 different options. What area of town are you wanting to stay in?
Any of them with free wifi and 4 star rating?|The leverton house is a cheap guesthouse with a four star rating and wifi.  Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds good.  I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday.  Is that possible?|great! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WD4S0IJZ anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'm also needing to book a train to Cambridge; I must arrive by 12:45 and no later please.|What is your departure station, and what day will you be traveling?
I want to take the train on Thursday.|Okay! From where will you be traveling?
I should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 12:45 on saturday. I just need the price of one ticket.|TR7309 would suit your needs. Can I book a ticket for you?
I need to know how much it will cost per ticket.|Train TR7309 cost 18.88 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. I appreciate the help.|Have a nice day.
I need a train on Friday from the london liverpool street station.|There are 10 trains leaving that station on Friday. What time would you like to travel?
The train should leave after 17:15 and should go to Cambridge.|There are 4 trains that leave after 17:15. The TR9886 leaves at 17:39 from london liverpool street. Would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the arrival time?|That train arrives at 19:07.
Okay I would like to book it. I'm also looking for a restaurant on the cheap side in centre.|I found 15 restaurants, do you have a preference of food choice?
I really don't- it just needs to fit 8 people at 20:00 on Friday.|I'm unable to find an opening that fits your needs. Would you like to choose a different time or day?
How about for 19:00 that day? And can I have the reference number please?|Booking was successful for charlie chan's for Friday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is POUAEXHL. Do you need further help with anything?
Thank you that should be it, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?|Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it?
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.|I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday.|I have that booked for you and your reference number is FTVOQPHP.
I also need a train.|Okay! What day are you needing to take the train? Where would you like to go? Do you know where you would like to depart?
I would like to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?  Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive, please?
The train should leave after 10:45 and should go to bishops stortford.|The first train leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Sunday departs at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes book the tickets please.|You are booked. Your reference number is FTVOQPHP
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|Thank you, good bye!
I would like information about the Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge, please.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive 2-star hotel on the east side of Cambridge. It offers free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes please, could you advise on the price per night for the room?|I do not have that information, but they can be reached at 01223866800.
Can you please book a room there for 2 people starting on Wednesday for 4 nights?|OK I have booked you a room for 4 days beginning Wednesday. Your reference number is YKUIEGTJ. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a train on Sunday after 19:00 from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|I have three trains that match your criteria, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one.I also would like to know the cost, arrival time and ID of the train.|A ticket on TR9732 costs 13.28 pounds and will arrive at 21:27.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, the archway house?|Yes I found it in the north and it is moderately priced. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book for 8 people, for 4 nights starting from Saturday.|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is 79Z7DU6E. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on tuesday|We have over 200 trains, do you have a departure site or time?
I'm departing from Norwich and need to arrive by 12:15.|There are many options available. Is there a certain time you would like to depart?
No just tell me the price of the trip please|The price of the train would be 17.60 pounds. Anything else you need?
That'll be all, thanks so much for your assistance!|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.|I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.|Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.|I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
Great, thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. Can you help out?|Absolutely. There are 21 guesthouses that have free parking, could you tell me which area you would like to stay in?
I am not picky about the area. I prefer the moderate price range and a 4-star rating, please.|Which area would you prefer north, south, or east?
I really don't care about the area, can you just suggest one for me?|How about the acorn guest house, its moderately priced located in the north?
Yes please book the acorn guest house. Also could you give me the address for the hotel.|154 chesterton road. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I just needed the address. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in northern Cambridge that has moderate prices. Could you help me?|We have one Chinese and one Indian restaurant that matches your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation at one of these?
The Indian one sounds perfect.  I don't need a reservation just yet.  What is the name of it?|The name of it is The Nirala.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need  for now, thank you for your help.|I'm glad to have been of help. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge.|Great and welcome! How about friday at 05:17? Is that time acceptable?
yes, that is perfect.|It will cost 23.50 pounds and the travel time will be 51 minutes, would you like to book it?
Yes, please.  Two tickets.|I've booked you 2 tickets on train TR5219 from london kings cross to cambridge on friday. The total fee is 47.2 pounds and your reference number is DVRX2C6V.
Thanks. A friend told me about a restaurant called the rice boat. Do you know it?|I have not been myself but hear it is nice.  It serves Indian food on the west end of town.  Would you like me reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 2 people at 20:30 on sunday.  Can I also get a reference number?|I was able to book that table for you (Ref #UU2PWIV7). Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that takes care of everything. Thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.|There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.|I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?|One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.
What star ratings are they?|Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.
Okay may I please have the phone number for Alexander bed and breakfast?|Of course! The telephone number for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 01223525725.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train for saturday.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
I need to leave Cambridge on Saturday, please.|OK. Where are you heading, and at what time?
i am going to ely and it should leave by 18:00|The earliest train leaves at 19:50 and the last one leaves at 23:50. Which one could you like to take?
Please pick one that meets my requirements.|Then, that would be TR7349 departing at 19:50 and arriving in Ely by 20:07. Do you need any tickets?
No, Make sure you get travel time, price, and train ID|Train ID is the one that was referenced earlier, price is 3.52 pounds per person, it is only a 17 minute trip.  Is there anything else that i can do?
No thank you.|Do you need any further assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need to take a train to Cambridge, it would have to be late after 21:45|The TR6549 arrives at 06:01.  Is that too late?
Um, well I should mention that we will be departing Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge.|The TR0672 from kings lynn to cambridge leaves at 22:11. Would you like to book it?
This one will leave on sunday correct?|Unfortunately, that train does not travel Sunday, but train TR6364 leaves at the same time (22:11) and arrives by 22:58. Will this work for you?
Yes that will work thank you.  I also need help finding a certain hotel if you can?|Of course. I'll be more than happy to help you find a hotel. What's the name of the hotel?
It's the Acorn Guest House.|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like any additional information?
Could you book it for 3 people. It will be for 2 nights starting on the day we get there.|I've booked your 2 night stay starting SUnday for 3 people at the Acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is JJBWZIGS. Can I help you further?
no. that does it for me. thanks. goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a train on Wednesday that leaves after 16:00.|Where will you be leaving from and traveling to?
I would like to go to Ely, from Cambridge.|I found TR8610 leaving at 17:35 would that work for you?
Yes. One ticket. I need the travel time and train ID.|Okay, I have you booked on TR1549 from Cambridge to Ely leaving Wednesday at 17:50, arriving 17 minutes later at 18:07. The reference number is RHE56NAC. Anything else today?
I believe I am good for the moment thank you for your help.|You're welcome!  Have a safe trip!  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me?|We have 2 hotels in the north.  Both are in the moderate price range.
Great! Do either one have a 2 star rating?|Yes, they both do. Do you want to book one?
Yes please book one for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.  Can I please have the reference number?  Thank you for your help.|I will book that for you now.
Your booking was successful. Can I help you with anything else like restaurants or attractions in the area?|The booking was successful. Reference number is MO0RU0NN. What else can I help you with?
I need a train to Cambridge.|What day will you be traveling on and what is your departure city?
I need to depart from london liverpool street, after 15:15. Can you tell me how long the travel time is too?|on which day do you want to travel?
It needs to be on Tuesday.|The train ride time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks, group is still deciding on a carpool or a train, but thank you for all of the help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
I do need a train from london liverpool street on tuesday please.|There are 5 leaving after 15:15. The first one is leaving at 15:39 and takes 88 minutes. You'd arrive by 17:07 and the cost is 16.60 pounds.
I'd like to book the previously mentioned train that leaves 15:39.|Are you sure you want to book now, if so, how many people?
Please book for 6 people.|All booked. Your reference number is TPJE3LTQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|Your welcome, have a good day.
I am looking for the restaurant, De Luca Cucina and bar. Where is it located in Cambridge?|De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, can you also confirm what kind of food these serve for me?|De Luca Cucina and Bar serves modern european food. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Sunday.|There are 10 trains. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave at 9:30am.|There are no trains leaving at 9:30 but train TR2357 departs at 9:39. Will that be okay?
Actually can I change that to after 13:45 and may I also get the reference number please?|No problem. The TR6946 leaves at 15:39. Does that work?
That does work. Please book 1 ticket for me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 94XBLTRF. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great that should be all I need thank you.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in Cambridge that serves Tuscan food.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that matches your request. Would you like me to check a different type of restaurant or price range?
Is there anything Tuscan in the centre of town?|No Tuscan food in town, shall I try another type for you?
How about mediterranean food?|May I suggest la mimosa? Wonderful mediterranean, took my mother there for her birthday and it was exquisite!
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number, please?|The postcode is cb58aq, the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, and the phone number is 01223362525.
Thanks for the restaurant, I also need to take train departing from Leicester that will arrive by 15:15.|Just to confirm, was that a train into Cambridge? What day will you be traveling?
I want to leave on wednesday.|Train TR8292 arrives in Cambridge at 14:54, would you like for me to book it for you?
I am still thinking about it.|Take your time. Just for your information, the total cost would  be 37.80 pounds payable at the station. There are also other options available.
I don't think I will book just yet but can you give me the travel time for TR8392 please?|The duration of travel is 105  minutes. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now.  If I change my mind in booking, I will call you back. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
You as well.|Thank you for using our service good bye
I need a train departing from cambridge after 17:45.|Ok. There are lots of options. Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Norwich on Monday.|TR6688 leaves Cambridge at 8:36 for Norwich. Would you like to book this train now?
Nah, thanks though. But if ya can tell me when it gets there that'd be good.|I'm sorry TR6688 departs Cambridge at 18:36 and arrives in Norwich by 19:55.
Great. I'm also looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking.|We have five hotels matching those requirements. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I'm looking for something moderately priced please.|There are three choices in that price range: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobson's House in the west.
Let's try the Hobson's House please.|Ok. Do you need me to book that for you?
Yeah, could you book me a 3 night stay at Hobson's House?|When would you like to book your stay?
Friday. For 7 people.|That hotel isn't available for 3 nights? Are you able to shorten your stay?
How about one night?|The hotel has been booked for you for Friday night for a total of 1 night for 7 people. The reference number is RJEXYUD1.
Great! Thank you so much for all your help.|It is our pleasure. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay while in cambridge in the north that has free wifi?|We have about 12 different options for you. Do you have a preferred price range? Or do you prefer a hotel or guest house?
I would like one with 4 stars.|That narrowed it to eight choices. How about Home from Home? It has free internet and parking.
That sounds like a perfect fit. Please book it for 4 nights starting this Friday, for 3 people.|I was able to book you for 4 nights for 3 people starting on Friday.  The Reference number is : 0GLJEDPZ.  Is there anything else you need?
I need an inexpensive restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There is nothing cheap in centre. Can you expand your price range?
Not really, try kosher food types.|I'm sorry, but there is no Kosher restaurant in the area, can I check other part of town?
How about one that serves Asian Oriental food?|I've located 2 inexpensive restaurants, Dojo noodle bar and J Restaurant. Which would you like?
I'll try the noodle bar. I'd like to reserve a table as well.|How many people would you like to reserve a table for?  And, what time and day would you like to make the reservation?
for seven people on wednesday.|Sure, I can book that.  What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like the reservation to be at 16:00 please.|Okay. Your booking at the Dojo Noodle Bar was successful. The reference number is 0EGLWEQK. Can I help with anything else today?
Great, now I need a train to leave on Thursday departing from cambridge going to peterborough, it needs to arrive by 14:30.|How many tickets do you need?
I actually don't need to book any tickets. I just need the train id, travel time and departure time please.|TR7098 departs Thursday at 05:06 and has a travel time of 50 minutes.
Thanks. You have been so helpful with the restaurant and train. That's all. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want an expensive french place to dine in.|Sure, do you prefer the centre of town or the north end?
In the north please.|Restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
no i want the post code and address|Sure, they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and their postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else you need?
a train. The train should arrive by 20:45 and should go to stansted airport|Where are you departing from, What day do you want to travel and how many people can I book tickets for?
Departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive at the airport by 20:45.|TR1703 leaves cambridge on sunday at 19:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 20:08. The cost is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, can you book 2 tickets and can i get a reference number please? Thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 86BN010L
Thank you, my trip is planned, that is everything.|Okay, great. Let us know if you need anything else.
I would like to book a train to Cambridge.|We have plenty of options. Would you like to narrow it down by travel time?
Yes. I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in Norwich no later than 17:00 on Monday.|I have 11 trains that arrive in norwich on monday. TR9460 arrives in norwich at 16:55 and costs 17:60 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, please book that train for 4 people and give me the reference number.|Your reference number is EHHSIN9X, and the total is 70.4 GBP.  Can I help you with something else?
I would also like some recommendations for places to go in town.|There are many places to go in town. Is there anything more specific you would like?
I'd like something on the south side, please.|There are a couple parks, a cinema, a museum, a nightclub, and 2 entertainment venues, any of those sound ok?
The museum on the south side sounds good. Could I get an address for that?|You'll find the museum at 14 king's parade.
Okay thank you so much that is all I need.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
looking for a train. The train should arrive by 09:45 and should depart from cambridge.|What is your destination?
i need to go to norwich.|how about TR2534 that leaves at 05:36?
That sounds great! Thanks for all of your help!|You are most welcome!
I need a train out of cambridge on Monday.|There are over 200 possibilities. Where will you be traveling to from Cambridge?
Let's change the date to leaving on Tuesday after 20:00 and it should be departing Cambridge and to the Birmingham New Street.|I would recommend TR6319 which leaves Cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 22:44.
Perfect.  Can you book 3 seats for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VMZ1Y1EA. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, please. I also need a hotel with free wifi. And, thank you for the train reservation.|You're welcome! What part of town would you like to stay in?
The area is flexible. I am more concerned with finding something with 2 stars and with free wifi.|Okay. There are 3 hotels matching your description. Two moderately priced hotels in the north, and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you want me to recommend one?
What's the name of the expensive hotel?|express by holiday inn cambridge is the expensive hotel.
thats fine, thanks|Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I'm just gathering information right now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your stay!
i Am looking for a train. The train should leave on Saturday and should depart from Cambridge.|Where are you traveling to?
I am going to kings lynn|Do you need to arrive or depart by a specific time?
it should arrive by 09:45.|TR4689 is your best bet. It will arrive at 8:58. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
What time does it depart?|It departs at 8:11.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train leaving cambridge and arriving by 11:45|Ok, do you know what your destination is?
Yes, I am going to Ely.|I have a train that leaves at 7:50 Monday morning to to to Ely.  Does this interest you or is there another day you had in mind?
I would like to leave on Friday.|Is there a certain time on Friday?
I need to arrive by 11:45.|I have the TR8792 which you will arrive at 10:07. How many ticket please?
i would like a ticket for 8 people.|You will need to pay a fee of 35.2 GBP at the station and your reference number number 7089L1RT.
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking.
The hotel should have a star of 4.|We have 19 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
Price doesn't matter. I need a reservation for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday. If that day fails, the Sunday and the reference number.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is supposed to be nice, as long as you're ok with a guesthouse rather than a hotel. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please, for 8 people, for 3 nights, starting Tuesday!|You're all set! Your reference number is YGF92ATC. Can I assist you with anything else?
That is all I need.|Enjoy your stay.
I'm on the North side, please find me an expensive restaurant here|Would you prefer Chinese, French, or European cuisine?
I'm open.  What would you recommend?|I'd recommend The Hotspot. It's a Chinese restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, book me for 4 people at 13:15 on friday.|The booking was successful. The reference number is : 37DDZB4H.
Can you find me a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Saturday>|What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave sometime after 16:30.|The TR7824 bus leaves at 17:09. Would you like to book this one?
I do need the price and arrival time first.|It arrives at 18:54 and is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you, that is all I need, you helped me a lot.|Great, have a terrific trip!
Hi. I'm looking for a train from ely to cambridge, if there is one.|Okay, what day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|How about TR9382?
Well I need to leave after 14:45, so if it is after that time that'll work.|TR9823 will leave at 15:35, how does that sound?
I think that'll work.  I need to reserve two seats, can you help me with that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 6NJA0V8R.
Thank you. That's all I need for now!|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|okay can you be a little more specific?
I'm looking for a train to arrive by 21:45 on wednesday.|OK, what station would you like to depart from and which station would you like to arrive at?
It would be from broxbourne to cambridge, I will need to book that for two people.|TR6477 will arrive in cambridge on wednesday by 21:32. I booked 2 tickets. The fee is 25.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3800N2KU. Wiil that be all?
I also need a place in the centre that serves indian food.|curry garden is expensive, kohinoor is cheap. Do these interest you?
Can you book a table for us at Curry Garden at 13:45?|Sure thing! How many people, what time, and what day?
book a table for the same group of people at 13:45 on the same day.|Reference number is : 6JOS1HJY. Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks. Goodbye now!|Do you need anymore help?
I need to find a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge.|There are dozens of places to eat in the north. What kind of food are you interested in?
I'd like something that serves modern European.|There are four choices available that range from cheap to expensive, what is your preference with price?
Great can you book one for 2 people at 16:00 on monday please?|Ok, I have a reservation for 2 at de luca cucina and bar on Monday at 16:00. The reference number is: HC9L602O.
I am also looking for a train for Monday departing birmingham new street.|It looks like there are trains running hourly from 5:40. Did you have a time of day in mind?
I'm looking to arrive in cambridge by 10:15.|The TR7853 gets you to Cambridge about 09:23. Would you like that one?
Possibly.  Can you give me the departure time, travel time and a price?|That one departs at 06:40, and arrives at cambridge on monday at 09:23. It's duration is 163 minutes. The price is 75.10 pounds.
Sounds good.  Is there a ticket available on that train?|Yes, I was able to book you for the train, the train number is TR7583, the reference number is LW0W57MP, the ticket is 75.09 payable at the station
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
I won't be needing anything else, thank you.|You're very welcome. I'm glad to have helped. Enjoy your trip.
i am looking for a train that will arrive at 20:45 and leaving on sunday|Certainly, where are you traveling from?
Cambridge, and I need it go to Bishops Stortford.|There are several trains that will get you there on time. What time do you hope to leave?
I don't care. I just want to arrive at 20:45.|ask for one option below trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR6572	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	05:29	06:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	
TR8095	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	07:29	08:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	
TR9904	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	09:29	10:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	
TR0007	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	11:29	12:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	
TR2402	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	13:29	14:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes
Can I please speak with the manager? Giving me all this information at once is not helpful.|I'm sorry. Train TR9904 runs from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday and arrives at 10:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, could you please give me the travel time, and departure time?|TR9904 leaves at 09:29 and takes 38 minutes.
Thanks, that is all I need. good bye.|thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
I'm looking for a theatre in the center of town, please.|There are 4 theatres located in the centre of Cambridge. They are ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange
What is the entrance fee and address of the ADC Theatre?|ADC Theatre is located on park street. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Alright that's fine. Can I get a train that departs from London Liverpool Street and arrives there by 19:30?|Is this for today?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|There are 7 trains to cambridge that will arrive before 19:30. TR82260 arrives at 19:07 and departs at 17:39.Would you like to book this train?
I don't need to book right now. I just need the trainID and the ticket price, please.|Sure, the price for TR8260 is 13.28 GBP per ticket. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, that will be all.|Okay, have a good day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b|May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?|They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.|And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.|Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge  from broxbourne.|TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for to take me to Birmingham New Street and it should leave on Saturday.|Train TR4975 leaves at 05:01 Saturday. Who you like me to book it or shall I list more train options?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge after 15:30.|I found that TR3245 is likely suited for your needs. It departs at 16:01 on saturday evening. May I book that for you?
Yes please, book it for two people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.|Ok, I have booked travel for two people on TR 3245 leaving Cambridge at 1601. Reference number XI0220XD for your records.
I also want to find a place to go. I'm looking for a museum in the east.|We have four to choose from. Any particular preference?
Doesn't matter. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and phone number please?|The Cambridge Artworks museum is located at 5 greens road. Their phone number is 01223902168, and it's free to get in. Can I help with anything else today?
Nothing else, thank you lots.|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, please contact us.
Hello, are you familiar with Warkworth House?|Yes. They are located in the east on warkworth terrace. Is there any other information you need?
Can you book it for me? Wednesday, 5 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5WQ37WUN.
Can you find a train that  departs from cambridge after 15:30?|What day would you like to travel and whats your destination?
I am leaving on monday and going to Leicester.|The TR6067 leaves at 16:21, will that work for you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for me. Bye!|You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
I'm travelling from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday and need help finding a train.|We have trains running that route every two hours beginning at 5:35. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I want to arrive by 18:30.|I have several options available is there a time you would like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference.|Train ID	TR6971 is 4.40 pounds Should I book it
Yes, and please give me the ref. number.|Great!  How many seats will you need?
Just me please|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FCO2L8AN. May I assist with anything else?
Can you help me find a park in the south?|There are two parks in the south. They are both free. I recommend wandlebury country park. Can I help with anything more today?
Please tell me their phone number and address|Wandlebury Country Park is located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham and their phone number is 01223243830. Can I assist you further?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thanks again for all of your help|Glad I could help.
Can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by 20:15?|Okay! What is your destination?
I am going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.|I need more information from you. What day will you be traveling and what time do you want to leave?
Leaving on Thursday and need the reference number.|i recommend  TR0141 leaves at 13:29 and costs 10.10 pounds
That sounds perfect! I need 5 tickets.|You have 5 tickets booked, reference #: 99ZS3NH1.  The fee is 50.5 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Anything else for you today?
Yes, I also would like to book a room at the warkworth house.|What date would you like to book?  How many nights and how many people?
Please book for 5 nights starting the same day.|How many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people stating starting the same day. i need the reference number please|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is: U08ESKG3. Is there anything else we can help you with?
Thanks for both bookings. Those were my two concerns for today. I am very satisfied. Goodbye.|Great! Please contact us again anytime. Good Bye.
I'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.|Sure thing.  There are 2 hotels available, Gonville hotel and University Arms Hotel.  Which hotel do you prefer?
Which hotel is a star of 3?|Gonville, shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be fine.  Please book it for 7 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights.|I 'm afraid the booking was unsuccesful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try it for one night then please|Success. Your reference number is NQF2R59K.
Thank you. I also need a train going to london liverpool street on wednesday.|Do you have a departure or arrival time you would like?
I am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by 08:00 for a meeting.|TR1047 will get you there by 7:27, will that work for you?
Yes please book the the train for 7 people and can I get the reference number.|The Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Reference number is : 1P1T8F7D. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now.  Thank you and have a nice day.  Bye|The duration lasts 88 minutes. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a hotel room.  Can you help me find one?|Yes, there are nine hotels you can stay at what area and price range do you want?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter.|Well the Autumn house is my recommendation, cheap price four stars and located in the east.  Would you care for more info or a booking?
Yes.  Book for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|I was able to book the room, your reference number is 2BU7S7NI. Would you like any more assistance today?
Yes, I would like to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport please.|i can help you with that. what day are you traveling?
I will be travelling on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave and/or arrive on Wednesday?
I'd like to arrive by 14:15 and would like to book on the same day as the hotel booking, please.|i have train tr7996 that leaves at 13:40 and arrives by 14:08. would you like any tickets?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 3XBEBG2W. Anything else?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Hello. I'm hoping to find a guesthouse in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any?|Indeed there are. In fact, there are 11. If you'd like an inexpensive, 4 star guesthouse with free internet and free parking, Worth House is a good choice.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.|I would suggest this one city centre north b and b.
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 2 nights starting on Monday please.|I have made the booking the Reference number is E6UVD9OL.  Is there anything else i can help you with?
Would you mind finding some info on a train into Cambridge for me?|I could do that for you. Can you give me a time ?
Yes, we will be coming from bishops stortford on Monday. I would like to leave after 19:30.|Their is a train that leaves Monday at 21:29. it costs 10.10 pounds and it's a 38 minute trip. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me 4 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H4BIFD0U. Will there be anything else today?
I will also need a place to stay.|A guesthouse has already been booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from Bishops Stafford to Cambridge.|There are 2 trains that meet your criteria. The TR8167 and the TR9693. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please, for 4 people. How about the TR8167 please.|Oh! It looks like we've already booked Train TR8167 for your group of 4. Your reference number is H4BIFD0U. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel booking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place to stay that is cheap located in the north.|Okay! Would you like to stay at City Centre North B and B, or at Worth House?
I would prefer the centre.|Okay, there is already a booking for you there. The reservation number is E6UVD9OL.
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|have a great day too
you too and thanks again|Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?|Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.|We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination  bishops stortford|I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?|That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day.
Thank you for your time goodbye!|thanks for using our services
I need a train out of cambridge on Sunday, please.|We have trains leaving every hour starting at 05:00 that day. What is your destination?
The train should go to ely and should leave after 19:15.|I have train TR3544 departing at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would that work for you?
Yes, what is the price of that train?|The price is 3.52 pounds, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'd also like to see some things in town, in particular any sort of boating. Is there anything like that?|Yes there are 4 options to choose from, do you have a specific part of town you'd prefer?
I need to go to ely , near a place that has a boat.What is the entrabnce fee ?|I found no records of an attraction involving boats near Ely. Would you like me to search for something else, or for boats in a different area?
Actually, the part of town doesn't matter. I'd just like to take a boat ride or look at some boats, please.|Riverboat Georgina is an excellent boat attraction in the north. Would you like the postcode and phone number?
Yes, please. Also, what is the entrance fee?|The Riverboat Georgina doesn't seem to have an entrance fee. Their postcode is cb41as, phone number 07807718591, and address 251a Chesterton Road. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be all.|ok, perfect, have a great day
I need some information on the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  Can you help me with that?|I can definitely help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the east. It is moderately priced and has a 4-star rating. They also offer free parking and free internet.
Sounds nice.  Can you book a room for 2 nights for me?  There will be 2 of us, coming in on Friday.|I can not get the room booked on Friday, can you come in on another day, or stay for a shorter period??
Could you try for 1 night please? I'd also like the reference number if possible.|The booking was successful and your reference number is W2250JCI. Would you like any more help with anything?
I am also looking to get a train on the same day as the hotel booking please.|Can you tell me where you are coming from or going to and the time please?
I will be leaving cambridge on the same day as the hotel booking.|Okay, and where will you be travelling to?
I am coming in to Cambridge from Ely I need it to arrive by 15:15|Train TR5484 will suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
What is the travel time and the train ID?|I have checked the schedule again and the travel time is 17 minutes and the train ID is TR0236. Do you want me to book this train?
I will book it myself, but thank you.|Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No that is all the information i needed thank you. Goodbye|Have a wonderful visit!
I need to find a cheap restaurant on the North side|There are 2 inexpensive restaurant in that part of town.  An Indian restaurant called Royal Spice and an Italian place called Da Vinci Pizzeria.
Does either have availability for a table for 5 people on wednesday at 18:45?|Yes, there is an available reservation at Royal Spice during that time frame. Do you want a reference number for your reservation?
No thank you that will be all|Okay, thank you.
I am looking for a place to eat in the north. Can you help me?|sure, there are nine to choose from
Do you have anything serving Turkish food?|There are no Turkish restaurants in the North area.
Okay, how about one that serves Chinese food?|Yes, the golden wok is in that area.  Would you like to book a seat there?
Yes, a reservation would be great. Let's say Friday for 6 people at 15:45.|Booking was successful. The reference number is : Q79BLCSB.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I'll need to arrive by 08:15, please?|how about TR5767? it arrives at 05:51
Well, I need to go to bishops stortford. Will that train go there on Sunday?|You want TR8095 - it will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 08:07 on Sunday.
Yes I would like to book seats on the TR8095 train for 6 people.|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Thank you for your help.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1NR94D63. Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all, thanks so much for all of your help!|You're welcome have a great day
I'm looking for parks to visit in the south of Cambridge.|Wandlebury country park is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
I just need the postcode, thanks.|The postcode is cb223ae. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there trains that run from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge?|Yes, there are! Would you like info on a particular day and time frame?
I would like to arrive by 09:15 on friday|I have a train that will arrive in cambridge at 9:07. Will that work for you?
That would be great, could you tell me the trainID?|The trainID is TR5936.
That's all I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of all the info I needed|Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I need a train leaving cambridge.  I have to arrive by 20:15.|What is your destination and at what time would you like to leave?
To Birmingham new street on Wednesday.|TR0115 will be departing at 05:01 and arrive at 07:44. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the total travel time?|The total duration is 163 minutes. Will you be needing tickets?
Not today I think I may book at the station.  That is all for today. Thank you so much!|Your Welcome. Please feel free to contact us anytime!
Can you help me find a train coming from cambridge leaving on thursday?|There are 202 trains departing Cambridge on Thursday. Where do you plan to head to that day?
I will be going to Leichester.|Yes I have many options. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 21:30 if possible.|Train TR3255 is arriving at 21:06,is that okay for you?
That could work for me.|How many tickets please?
I don't need to make the reservation now. Thank you though. I would like the address for Cambridge Contemporary Art please.|The address for that is 6 trinity street.
thank you, that will be all. good bye.|Thanks for using our service today, glad I was able to assist you. Hope you have a great day.
I'm looking for a train to leicester on tuesday.|There are 19 trains going to Leicester Tuesday, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I'm leaving Cambridge and i need to be there by 16:15.|Ok, the TR1997 arrives at 16:06. Would you like to book that train?
I would, but I still need the departure time.|I have several departure times, when would work best for you?
When does TR1997  depart?|It departs at 14:21 from Cambridge
Yes, that's good.  I am also looking for the cambridge university botanic gardens.  Can you provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area please.|It's in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.|Okay well I hope you enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for places to go watch entertainment.|There are 5 entertainment venues in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
I don't mind the area. can I get the address to one of them?|The Funky Fun House is amazing. I think you'll love it. Their address is 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate.
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Thursday.|There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for departure or arrival time?
Yes, I want to depart from Cambridge any time after 8:30.|TR2125 leaves a 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please.  I need to book the train for 8 people.|Yes I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is 648C0A9S.
Fantastic, thank you very much. I don't need anything further today!|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I need a train that goes to leicester on sunday|TR2025 leaves at 05:21.  Do you need a ticket?
Yes as long as I arrive at my destination by 13:00.|The TR5767 will have you in Leicester at 12:06.
How long will the trip take?|That train leaves from Cambridge at 10:21, it takes an hour and forty-five minutes to get to Leicester.
That's good. Is there a park in the north part of town?|Yes, Milton Country Park is located in the north.
Can you get the address?|I'd be happy to help you with that. The address is milton country park, milton and the admission is free! Phone 01223420060, postcode cb46az. Will that be it for you today?
I need to get a train out of cambridge.|Your looking at the trainID of TR5767 or TR2000 depending on your time
The train should go to stansted airport and should arrive by 21:30.|What day of the week are you looking at traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|these three could help trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR1656	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	05:40	06:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes	
TR1951	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	06:40	07:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes	
TR0684	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	07:40	08:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes
thank you for your help. book for me 5 seats and get me the reference numberes|I'm sorry, could you confirm which train you wanted to book seats on? There were 3 choices given to you.
Whichever train goes to stansted airport Tuesday from cabridge arriving closest to 21:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GMYBPE6F.
Thanks for that. I don't need anything more today.|ok. enjoy your day.
Hello. I would like some information about the Aylesbray lodge guest house.|Ok.  Aylesbray lodge is in the south part of town, moderately priced, and has a 4 star rating.  Are you interested in booking a room?
Yes I'd like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Would that be possible?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful
Thats awful,is there any other options for the criteria that I need?|The only criteria you gave me is the name of the hotel. Are you sure you don't want to book a different day or make a shorter stay?
How about 2 nights?|Yes, I was able to book you at The Aylesbray Lodge for 2 days. Your Reference number is J9AMLIVL. Is there anything I can assist you with?
Thanks.  I also need a train from Kings Lynn on that day, leaving after 21:45.|I have a train that leaves monday at 22:11 arriving in cambridge at 22:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great! What is the price and train ID?|The train ID is TR2215 and the ticket price is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you so much. That is all the help I need today. I appreciate your time.|Have a wonderful trip! Goodbye
Are there any cheap restaurants that serve corsica food around Cambridge?|No I am sorry there aren't any. Another food type perhaps?
Are there any restaurants in the center of town that serve Corsica food no matter the price range?|No, I'm sorry. There are none. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
How about a good chinese place?|charlie chan is a very good place to dine
That sounds good to me! Can you please book a table for one at 11:15 on Sunday?|Your table is booked, reference #PJOHE4EN. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed!  Thank you for your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I want to find a place to eat called saigon city.|Certainly, they are in the north area, the address and postal code is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes, do you know how much it is?|Yes, it is in the expensive price range.
Can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : UWRMV7GH.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I'm looking for a train out of Cambridge. Any train leaving after 09:30 will do.|i can help you with that! what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge any time after 09:30 and I am going to london liverpool st on friday|I have train TR5212 leaving at 17:59 and arriving at 19:27. Would you like reservations?
No thanks, I just need to know the price for it.|The price for TR5212 is 16.60 pounds per ticket. Is there any more information I could give you today?
Thank you, That's all I need today.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I'm looking for a concerthall in the centre.|The place to go is the man on the moon.  Need a phone number?
No thanks. I'm actually looking for an address please.|The address is 2 norfolk street.
i'm also trying to catch a train on saturday.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What time were you wanting to leave around?
I would like to leave after 8:15.|Which stations will you be using?
Broxbourne and Cambridge.|Which will you be leaving from ?
I will be departing from Broxbourne.|One more question: What day will you be travelling?
On Saturday, please.|There are many trains getting to cambridge on saturday from broxbourne. Do you have a specific time you want to be there by?
The train should leave after 08:15.|We have trains running every hour from 08:32 to 23:32. I can get you on the TR2025	 that leaves at 10:32 if you'd like.
What is the price for the TR2025? And how long is the trip?|Please Provide me with this information, as I cannot travel without it.
I am still waiting on that information. Can I get the cost of the ticket and the travel time please!|Sorry about that, the TR2025 costs 14.32 pounds, and is a 60 minute trip. The TR9384 leaves earlier, at 8:32, and costs the same amount. Want me to book one?
No thank you! That will be all for today!|Thank you for using this system goodbye
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge. Can you help me?|Sure. And on what day do you want to travel ?
I'll be leaving stansted airport anytime after 17:45 on thursday|The next flight after your desired time is at 18:24 on the TR5921 train. You would arrive by 18:52 at cambridge.
make reservation for 1 person and give me reference number|Your reference number is XZHNMJRS and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Great. I also need a restaurant serving italian food.|We have quite a few good italian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you prefer a particular area or price range?
It should be in the south, whatever you recommend. I'll need a booking for 1 person at 20:15 on Thursday.|Would you like to try pizza express?
Yes, that will work. Please book a table for 1 person at 20/15 on Thursday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: JO641TUZ.
Thank you very much.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I want a train leaving on saturday.|Where are you departing from, and what is your destination?
I am departing from bishops stortford and I would like to go to cambridge.|There are no trains leaving from that location.
Hmm, can you double check? I would be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge for Saturday.|Of course! I have found 10 trains departing from Bishops Stortford towards Cambridge. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after 19:45|Train TR1382 leaves at 21:29 and arrives by 22:07, would you like me to book that for you?
Can you please provide the price and travel time.   I am also looking for a cheap guesthouse in the east with a 4 star rating.|8.08 pounds per ticket and the ride is 38 minutes
Thank you. So what do you have for guesthouses?|We have 24 guesthouse options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price, star or parking and internet availability?
Yes please make sure the guesthouse has internet and please provide me with the address and phone number.|I found the a and b guest house. the address is 124 Tenison Road postcode cb12dp. The phone number is 01223315702. May I book it for you?
No that's all, thanks!|I hope you enjoy your stay!
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.|There are many options. What's your price range and what type of food do you want?
I would like somewhere expensive that serves chinese food|How about HK Fusion, located at 21 Burleigh street?
Yes book it for Friday. 5 people at 13:00.|I have your reservation at HK Fusion for 5 people on Friday at 13:00, your reference number is XAMSDTRY.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking to book a train the same day!|I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down where will you be departing/arriving and what time?
It should go to Cambridge and should arrive by 09:00|There is a train that leaves at 5:17.
Thats okay can you book that?|Could you please confirm where you are departing from first? There are many trains and i want to make sure i book you the right one.
I need to depart from London liverpool street on friday. Ineed to arrive in Cambridge by 9:00|TR8522 arrives at 07:07.
Okay, let's book it for five people.|The booking was successful. The total fee of 83 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is L4G0ZWC2.
Ok, Thankk you. Bye now.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Yes, i need a train leaving on Saturday.|Where would you like to go to?
I want to leave London Kings Cross and head to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would love to arrive by 15:00|The closest train I can find to your arrival time is the TR5729 which would arrive at Cambridge at 14:08. Is this okay?
That's great! Please book for 6 people. I'll need the reference number.|I have booked the train per your request and your reference 0I2EGI9Q.
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should be in the expensive price range.|We have many options, any cuisine preference?
Do you have anything serving Italian food?|I have 4 italian restaurants. It might sound funny, but my recommendation if you'd like it is to try the Clowns Cafe. They have amazing food.
No thank you that will be all|Okay would you like their telephone, address or postcode?
I would actually like to book a table at the Clowns Cafe that you mentioned. I need a table for 6 on Saturday at 19:15.|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 571QZ495.
Thank you for your help. That is all for now.|Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the service glad I was able to help. Have a nice day.
I need a train from peterborough|Where are you headed, and what day and time did you need to leave?
I am going to cambridge and leaving after 8:00 on friday|Sure, I have TR6496 departing at 08:19, arriving at 09:09, with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, the feference number is : MFCHF1YV. Can I help with anything else?
I think that takes care of everything, thanks!|Great. I'm glad I could help! Please consider using our service again the future. Goodbye.
I am looking for an affordable spanish restaurant.|There is one match. La Raza is located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, cb23ll. Phone number is 01223464550. Would you like to book a table now?
Is it in the center? If so I'd like to book a table.|Yes, it is in the centre.  When would you like to arrive?
16:15 on Monday for 7 people.|Your booking for La Raza on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. The reference number is U4H95J7A.
Thanks so much for all of your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a train for Monday going to Cambridge?|I would love to help you but I need to know where you're leaving from and a departure or arrival time that suits you.
train arrive by 09:15 depart from london liverpool street|The TR3938 train sounds perfect. It arrives into town at 9:07. Would you like me to purchase some tickets for you?
not now. thanks for the information.|You are welcome! Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thank you that is all I needed.|I am pleased to help, enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a train departing after 11:15 from the Birmingham new street location.|There are many trains leaving after 11:15, the closet one leaving to that time will be at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23.
Okay, I need one going to Cambridge on Tuesday.|What is your preferred arrival time?
I don't have a preferred arrival time. Could you just book me one for 13:40?|Will that be 1 ticket on the 13:40 train from birmingham new street to cambridge, then?
No, actually I'll need tickets for two people please. Oh, and can you provide the reference number when you've got it please?|Your request has been completed.  The reference number is TTH2AA7N.
Thanks. I also need an expensive restaurant serving Mediterranean food.|I have 2 results for mediterranean restaurants. One is la mimosa	in town centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Sure. 2 people at 20:30 on Tuesday. Please give me the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked! The reference number is LW1N1DLA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that should be it thank you|Thank you, if you need anything else please contact us.
I am looking for a restaurant named Hakka. Can you tell me how to get there?|Hakka is located on the north side of town on Milton Road Chesterton in post code CB41JY. Do you also want their phone number?
i would like to book a table for 7 at 11:15 on monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number QMH1W33E. Can I be of further help to you?
No, you have helped me greatly.  That is all I need today.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!
I'd like to find a train going to Cambridge that leaves on Sunday.|Ok, and where are you departing from?
I would be leaving from Peterborough. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 19:30 though.|Okay, there are a few trains available. What time would you like to depart?
My departure time is flexible.|The earliest train is TR3782 which leaves at 05:19, would you like me to book some tickets for you?
No, that won't be necessary. I would like to get the price, though.|Of course.  The price for the train running from peterborough to cambridge on Sunday is 13.20 pounds.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house.|Okay. It's a 3-star guesthouse in the north area with no internet or parking. Is there more you would like to hear?
That sounds great. Can I just get the postcode please?|The post code of the alpha-milton guest house is cb41xa.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.|Not a problem, please contact us again if you need any further assistance.
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 16:30.|On what day are you traveling?
Friday, departing from Stevenage.|The latest train from Stevenage to Cambridge on Friday that will arrive by 16:30 leaves at 13:54 and arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it?
that is fine. how much is the ticket?|12.80 pounds per person, do you still want me to book you?
No but I need information on a restaurant called loch fyne.|What would you like to know?
Do they have any available tables for 3 at 20:15 that day?|We can certainly book that for you.  Would you like a reservation and a booking for the train?
Please book me a table for the restaurant and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ENJNFM36.  Can I be of any further help to you today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I could use help with my planning.  I am trying to find a place to stay.|Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.|We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?|They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?|Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.|Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from stevenage to cambridge. I want to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.|I have train TR0517 that leaves at 11:54. Would that be something that would work for you?
That's perfect. Could I get the train ID and travel time?|The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You're very welcome! Thank you! Bye!
I'm in need of a train leaving Tuesday from Peterborough, can you help me find one?|Sure, I can put you on TR5042 which leaves for Cambridge at 5:19.  How many tickets do you need?
One ticket just for myself, though I need to arrive by 09:45.|Your booking was successful with a reference number of 5XO1YF9Y and a fee of 16.5 GBP. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need, thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
Thanks.  Can you just confirm for me when I will arrive in Cambridge?|Sure, you will arrive in cambridge at 06:09. May I help with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Have a great day!
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.|What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.|Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.|There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
I need a place to stay in the centre of town.|I can definitely help with that. I have about 5 different options. First of all, may I ask if you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a 2 star guest house.|I am not seeing a 2-star guesthouse or hotel in the centre area.  I have a 4-star and a 0-star guesthouse in the centre, though.
I would like to make a reservation at the 4 star one please.|I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast! Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 5 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.|I am sorry, but those dates are unavailable. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Are you sure? Can you try again? If that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the centre that you can try?|I do apologize! I must have fat fingered it the last time. Clumsy me! Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : Q1DDFWPH.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. Can you help with that?|Yes, I can.  When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Sunday after 18:30.|Okay, trainID TR6697 seems most suitable for you, leaving Kings Lynn on Sunday at 19:11 and arriving in Cambridge by 19:58. The price is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book you in?
Yes, please book the train for 5 people on sunday. Let me know the reference number, if available.|Your reference number is 72DIGGVY. The cost is 39.2 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need, good bye.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for entertainment in the centre.|Unfortunately there aren't any venues like that in the centre. There are some in other parts of town that might work for you, though. Do you want to hear about those?
Ok, do you have any information about boat attractions?|Were you looking at the riverboat or the camboats?
Either one is fine. I just want to attend some type of boat attraction.|There is the riverboat georgina in the north. Would you like their phone number?
Actually can I have the post code, address, and information about the entrance fee?|The post code is cb43ax and the address for it is cambridge passenger cruisers at jubilee house. I don't have fee information but I could get you their phone number.
No thank you, I do need to find a train going to Cambridge though.|Where will you be leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should depart from leicester.|There are 19 available trains on Friday, when would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive by 18:45 please.|We have the TR7878 which leaves at 16:09 and arrives at 17:54, would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 seats on TR7878 leaving from leicester to cambridge on friday at 16:09.  can I have a reference number please?|Yes, the reference number is O3MYNURT. The fee is 302.39 GBP and you can pay at the station.  Is there anything else?
No, that is all.|Great. Have a wonderful trip!
I would like a train going to kings lynn.|The TR3112 will get you there by 05:58.  Will that work?
I don't want to leave until after 17:30.|Okay, there are many options for you to leave after 17:30 to Kings Lynn. Where are you departing from?
From Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday|Great. There are several trains available. What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|I can get you a ticket on TR9452 it will arrive by 18:58, how many tickets please?
I just need one ticket for myself. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E9TVYR9Y. You are all set. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel in the north with 4 stars and free parking.  I would like to book for 2 nights starting sunday.|Sounds like your in a hurry, lets find a place before booking.  Right now I see nothing that matches you search for hotel or guesthouse.
Hello, I need a train, please.|please tell me your destination and the time you wish to arrive.
I need to leave on friday after 9:15|Where are you departing from and where are you going?
I am departing from cambridge and going to stansted airport.|I have train TR2048 departing Cambridge at 9:40 and arriving at 10:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the price and travel time?|The price is 10.10 pounds and the duration is 28 minutes.
Sounds good. Now I'm looking to go to a particular attraction called Kambar, it's in the area, right?|Kambar is a nightclub that is located in the centre area. It has a 5 pounds entrance fee.
Ok, what was the address for that place?|The address for Kambar is 1 Wheeler Street.
Alright, thank you, that should be all for today.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have fun.
You've been very helpful, good day|Good day to you too.
I am looking for information about trains going to Cambridge from Leicester on Friday.|Sure, when would you like to arrive by?
I want to arrive by 13:45.|TR3934 looks like your best choice and arrives at 12:54. Would you like for me to book your seats?
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband|I booked 2 seats on the train. Your reference number is W9IWMR5W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you find me a hotel in the west. Free parking, please.|There are two hotels that match your needs.  One is expensive and one is cheap.  Which would you like more information on?
Cheap please. Which one is that?|The cambridge belfry meets your criteria, shall I book it?
Yes. But I just realized that my sister-in-law and her three children will be coming, too. We'll need rooms for all of us, and train tickets for them.|Ok I rebooked your train tickets to get you 6 tickets. Reference number is VAR4DXWR. As for lodging, starting on what day and for how many days is your stay?
It will be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.|I have successfully booked you for 2 nights starting on Wednesday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is XZ7N2YSB. is there anything else you needed help with?
No, thank you! That will be it. Have a good day.|Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I can help you with travel, restaurants, attractions and places to stay.
I'm looking for a train on Thursday that need to arrive by 19:15.  I'll be leaving Cambridge and heading to Kings Lynn.  Can you help?|the latest a train reaches your station is 05:58. can i book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 7E54PFPZ.
I'm also looking for a recommended attraction in the centre. I don't care what type it is.|There's Holy Trinity Church on market street in the centre, the architecture is amazing and entrance is free. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I only needed the train.|All right then.  Thanks so much for calling.  If you think of anything else, please don't hesitate to call us back.
Thank you, goodbye.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge. I want to go somewhere in the south, and I want it to be a museum.|Would you be interested in Byard Art? It is located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and you can contact them at 01223464646. Do you need anything else?
What is the entrance fee for that?|It's free! Anything else I could help you with?
Oh cool!  What is the postcode for that please?|The post code for the byard art museum is cb21sj.  Have fun!
I need help finding a train.  Can you do that?|Of course. Where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave Liverpool street on Tuesday and arrive in Cambridge.|We have 10 different trains on that day. Do you prefer a particular time?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 08:45.|TR6939 is your best option. It will leave at 05:39 and arrive at 07:07. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, I'll need 7 tickets.|Okay, do you need a reference number?
yes please tyhat you for all your help|OK, you have 7 tickets reserved on TR6939. Total due at the station will be 116.2GBP. Your reference number is OK7WYTNQ.
I also need a place to stay.  2 star is my preference.|okay, what area and price range?
In the west part of town. The price doesn't matter.|I don't have any 2 star hotels in that area. Would you like a different area or a higher rated hotel?
do  you have one with  a star of 4?|I do. We have three options. Two that are cheap and one that's expensive. Do you have a preference?
Try either one of the cheap ones, I need one that can hold my group of 7 for 5 nights on tuesday.|the cambridge belfry was the best match for a large group so I booked you there, the reference number is X33MYBK5 , may I assist with anything else?
No, thank you. That will be all.|Have a great time.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome, and have a great day.
Hi, I'm coming into town and looking for some things to do and places to go on the south side of Cambridge.  Do you have any suggestions?|There are several interesting things to do in that part of town.  How about a park?
Sure a park would be great!  Can you provide a phone number and address please?|I have wandlebury country park located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postcode cb223a.  The phone number is 01223243830.
First of all, I need a train to get there from london kings cross. Can you help find one?|I have a lot of trains heading into Cambridge, do you know what day and time you'll be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by 21:30.|what time do you need to leave by?
Anytime that gets me in by 21:30|TR2512 will get you there by 14:08.  Do you need me to book seats for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people!|Okay I booked it reference number is R4UEAGTZ.
Thanks for your help today!|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am happy this is the end|All right. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|How about All Saints Church?
Do you have a college to recommend instead?|Christ's College looks good, it's in the city centre and has a free entrance fee.
Can you give me their phone number and postcode?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a train leaving on Monday.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to, please?
From stevenage to cambridge please|Is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by?
I will be leaving from Stevenage and heading for Cambridge.|I would recommend the train that leaves at 13:54. Would you like me to book that?
What is the price of this particular train?|It is 12.80 pounds.
Does that train arrive by 17:00?|Yes, it arrives at 14:43
Thank you, that will be all.|Alright, just to confirm you do not need me to book you for the train?
No, thank you. That will be all. Thanks!|Thank you and goodbye
Will I be able to find any moderately priced rooms to stay in in the north part of Cambridge?|Definitely! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and do you have a star rating requirement?
I would like a guesthouse. The star rating doesn't matter, but the hotel should include free wifi.|There are a number of guesthouses that fit your criteria. I would recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has a 4-star rating. Does this work for you?
Can you book Acorn Guest House for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|The Acorn Guest House was successfully booked for Friday for 2 nights for 4 guests. Your Reference number is : GWZ3QLV5.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|Can I help with anything else?
I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 12:45.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Where were you wanting to leave from?
I will need to leave from Ely.|Would you like me to book that for you?
I would appreciate that. Is there only one option that arrives by the time I need?|There is a train departure on Friday from Ely to Cambridge that arrives by 11:52.  Do you want that instead?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|That sounds like fun! What information can I help you find?
I need to first find out what train will take me away after I am done.  I need to get to Peterborough on Sunday by 21:45|Where will you be departing from?
Departing from Cambridge. I need the departure time, train ID and price.|Okay, we've got a few options.  The best looks like train TR6958 that leaves Cambridge at 20:34 and arrived in Peterborough at 21:24.  The price is 13.2 pounds.
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay in the east.|I found the express by holiday inn cambridge. It is a 2 star  expensive hotel free parking and internet. The address is15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.
I am looking for a restaurant please.|Okay! What kind of restaurant would you like to dine at?
One that serves modern American food.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to try a different food type?
I guess I can do Spanish food, try to find something in the Centre area, please.|There are two options for Spanish food in the centre. One is moderately priced while the other is considered cheap. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the moderately priced one please.|It's called la tasca. I'll need more information if you'd like to book a table.
Can I get a table for 3 at 11:30 on Thursday?|it is booked here is your ref number  3OUG57S3.
I also looking for a train to Cambridge, arriving by 8:45.|Sure, and what day would you like to travel?
The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester.|The TR7583 leaves at 6:09. Do you want to book it?
Does that arrive before 8:45?|yes it arrives at 07:54. is that fine with you?
Yes, that will work out just fine. thank you|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need to book it, actually. But how long is the ride?|It's a 105 minute ride.
What is the departure time?|It departs at 06:09. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's everything I need today.|I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a delightful visit. Goodbye.
There aren't any Polish restaurants in the centre, are there?|Sorry there is not. How about another choice of food ?
how about chinese?|We have many Chinese restaurants! What's your price range?
I'm not fussy about price, pick one for me and give me the address please, I'm starving!|Rice house is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like for me to book a reservation?
Just the address is all I needed for now. But could you also help me find a train?|Definitely! Can you give me some more specifics so I can help?
I am going to London kings cross.|And what is your arrival destination and time of travel?
Leaving Cambridge to  London kings cross and arrive by 19:45.|Ok, on what day will that be?
I need to leave on Tuesday.|TR0315 arrives at 13:51. is that fine with you?
what is its departure time?|It leaves Cambridge at 13:00.
Time I leave does not matter I just need it to arrive by 19:45.|I have a train departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 17:51. I don't have a later arrival time on Tuesday, unfortunately.
Alright. Could you please provide me with the train ID and the travel time?|That is TR0945. The train departs cambridge at 17:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 17:51. The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book it for you?
No. thanks. I don't need to book it right now.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need. Goodbye.|Great! Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.
Can you recommend some attractions to go to on the west side of town?|Sure thing!  We have 13 attractions that you may like.  Do you have anything in particular in mind?
No. Just pick something and give me the address.|Okay. I recommend Churchill College at Storey's Way. Their postcode is cb30ds and their admission is free.
Okay, thanks.  I also need a train leaving on Sunday going to Bishops Stortford.|TR6572 leaves for Bishops stortford at 05:29
Could you find me a train that leaves after 08:30 and departs from cambridge?|Yes, TR9904 leaves at 09:29.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 6 people please.|I was able to book that for you.  The total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station.
The reference number is 2UOR5O12.
Thank you that was all I needed today|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I'd like a train to Ely that leaves Wednesday.|Easy enough. Where is your departure point?
Cambridge. I would like to leave after 15:30 if possible.|TR6745 departs cambridge at 15:50 Wednesday, arriving at Ely at 16:07. Will that one work for you? It's only 4.40 GBP to ride.
Great can I book that for 8 people and get a reference number please?|You are booked for 8 seats on TR6745 leaving Cambridge Wednesday at 17:50. Reference # is OCWICAXZ and you can pay at the station.  4.40 pounds each.
Thank you. That's is all I need. Goodbye.|Welcome. Have a lovely day.
Yes, I am looking to book a train to Cambridge this Thursday.|There are a number of trains to Cambridge. What is your departure location please?
I will be departing from Leicester. I need to reach Cambridge by 21:45.|Train TR8530 leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:54.  Does that sound good?
Yes, I will also need the price please.|Sure. The price is 37.80 pounds and the ID is TR8530.
Great thanks and I'm also looking for places to go in town which should be in the centre. Can you please help?|The all saints Church is free
That sounds interesting; can you suggest something else?|How about cambridge contemporary art, they are also free.
Sure, could you provide me the address for that?|The address is 6 saint edward's passage. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I have everything I need.|Great. Have a great day.
I need a train to stevenage on saturday.|The earliest train on Saturday leaves at 5:21.  When would you like to depart?
Much later, I can't leave any earlier than 16:15.|How about a 17:21 that will arrive by 18:10?
Ok can you book it for me with a confirm number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MQ8762HX
Thank you. Can you help me find a hotel that has 2 stars and is expensive. I would like free wifi and in the east.|Express by holiday inn cambridge meets all those requirements.  Would you like me to book a room?
I would like to book that for one person for two nights starting Thursday|I have that booked for you, is there anything else you need?
a reference number|Sure, your reference number is O9HUGXCO.
Great, thanks for your help!|You are welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
That is all, thanks!|thank you and enjoy your city stay!
I need a train for Sunday please. I prefer one that arrives by 20:15|We have a lot of those!  Where is your destination?
I'm heading to Birmingham New Street.|TR2631 arrives by 19:44. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need the price, train ID, and departure time, please?|The train will depart Cambridge at 17:01 and the price is 60.08 pounds.
I would also like to find a nice concerthall in the middle of town.|The concerthall in the centre of town is The Man on the Moon located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Thank you for your help. That's exactly what I needed today. Goodbye.|You are so welcome, it was my pleasure! Goodbye for now!
I want to find a restaurant serving gastropub food in the centre of town.|I have 3 results for gastropubs in the centre of town. Would you prefer expensive or moderately priced?
Moderately priced, please.|Okay, I have the cow pizza kitchen and bar listed, would you like to try that one?
That sounds great! Could you book me a table for 8 people at 14:45 on Tuesday, please?|Unfortunately, that day and time are unavailable. Would you like to try a different day or time, or perhaps a different restaurant?
How about at 13:45 for 8 people on Tuesday?|I was able to book for 13:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is HKMRSI6F. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train to Birmingham New Street leaving after 13:15.|I have 70 trains going to birmingham new street. Could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day you'd like to leave?
Oh yes, of course, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have 10 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 14:01 to 23:01, with a duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book one?
Yes, book the 14:01 for the same group of people. I'll need a reference number, please.|Booking was successful for TR8860, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H9Y9X5HY.
Thank you very much for you help. Have a great day.|Thank you! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
What's a cheap place to stay that offers free parking?|I'm showing 10 possibilities.  Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Hmm, I do like the east side of the city. Can you look for one there?|There is allenbell, autumn house, and leverton house. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I just need the star of the allenbell, the address, and if they have internet.|It has 4 stars, internet and the address is 517a coldham lane.
I need a train as well.|Okay, what is your departing and destination location?
I would be departing from Cambridge and going to birmingham new street.|Okay, what day would you like to leave?
On Saturday, please. I need to arrive by 21:00.|TR5867 leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New street at 18:01 and arrives at 20:44. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, book it for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: OR8B3H41. Is there anything more I can help with?
Thank you very much you were very helpful.|The ride lasts 163 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.|Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.
I am looking for a british restaurant please.|I have many different options I can recommend to you, but could you tell me what area or price range you prefer?
I would like it to be in the West and be expensive.|Graffiti is in the west part of town and the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the postal code there?|The postalcode for Graffiti is cb30lx and it is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I can book it later, thanks.  Can you help me find a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday?|Certainly.  What is your desired destination?
My destination is stansted airport.|Sure, trains leave hourly staring at 05:40 and cost 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Can I book a seat for you?
I need to leave after 15:45.|Ok, I have train TR2912 departing at 16:40.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No need to book it. But, can I get the travel time and what time it will get me to the airport?|The travel time is 28 minutes and you will arrive at the airport by 17:08.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you very much.|You're welcome!  Enjoy your tacos! Goodbye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and needs a train that will depart from Cambridge on Monday. Can you help me book for one?|Okay! What is your destination?
i'm trying to get to peterborough|There are multiple trains that depart for peterborough. What time would you like to depart at?
I need to arrive in Peterborough by 15:30.|Well, the TR7786 will get you there at 15:24.  Will that work for you?
Can you tell me the travel time and price?|Sure! travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50.
Great I also need a place to stay with free wifi in the cheap price range|I have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday at  08:45|There are 325 matches for your search. Would you like to narrow down your selection by specifying a departure site or destination?
I am looking to go to cambridge from bishops stortford.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets. Can you tell me when the 8:45 train will arrive in Bishops Stortford?|The train will arrive by 10:07.
Great! I'm also looking for a boat type of attraction in town. Is there anything like that?|What are would you like to look in ?
Any area of town is OK, I just need a phone number, please.|The phone number of camboats is 01223902112
Great, I think that's all I need. Thank you.|You are most welcome!
Are there any trains running this Friday?|There are lots of trains running on Friday. Do you have specific departure and destination points in mind?
I am leaving cambridge going to norwich on friday anytime after 16:15 will work for me|TR7047 leaves cambridge at 16:36 and arrives in norwich at 17:55.  Will that work?
Thank you - that is exactly what I need|Can I book the train for you or help you with something else?
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre. Internet is not important. Can you help me with that?|There are 3 hotels in the centre of town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
Yes I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|I only am showing 1 it is cityroomz, when were you planning your stay so I can book the room for you?
That is all for the hotel room. could you help me with one last thing? I need the travel time for train TR7047|The total travel time is 79 minutes, just to double check, can I assist with anything else?
I do need a hotel room booked.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
There will be seven of us.|I will book that for you now.
Please get me the reference number too.|Okay, how many days will you be staying?
I'lll be staying 3 nights starting on Tuesday.|You are now booked at Cityroomz! Your reference number is D8MU26MH. Can I help you with anything else?
that's all thanks!|You're welcome, have a good day.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|There are many options for expensive dieting in Centre.
Can you find me one that serves European cuisine?|Yes, Eraina serves European food and is located at Free School Lane City Centre.  Will this work?
Yes. Please book for 6 people on Monday at 11:30.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will also need a train.|Where is the departure and arrival? What time and day would you like? How many passengers?
The train should leave on tuesday and should arrive by 21:15.|where are you leaving from and where is your destination?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Kings Lynn.|I can help you with that, however how many tickets do you need please?
Just myself is traveling.|The TR9926 will arrived at 20:58.  Shall I go ahead and book a ticket for you? Or do you want an earlier time?
Can you give me the price on tickets for that?|A ticket will cost you 9.80 pounds
Cool, I need the length of time for the travel as well.|47 minutes is the travel time
That is all I need today thank you.|Alrighty then thank you and have a nice day!
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 4 stars?|Of course I would be pleased to help you with that.  I have several options available, are you looking for a specific price range or location?
Somewhere in Cambridge, but I don't have a particular price range at this time.|How about the aylesbray lodge guest house? It's in the south and has free wifi AND free parking. Great deal!
That would be fine. I'll need to book it on Saturday for 5 nights and 3 people.|I've booked the lodge for you on Saturday for five nights and three people. Your reference is N7XG665B. Anything else?
I could use some train information on a trip to Birmingham New Street.|Sure, what is your departure information?
I'm departing from Cambridge. I do need to arrive by 17:45 though.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the departure time.|What day were you looking to travel?
Oh, silly me. Thursday, please.|TR8126 would leave at 15:01 and arrive at 17:44.
Thank you so much. That's all I need.|Thank you for using our service!
I need a train to Ely on Monday.|I can help you with that.  Can you please tell me what station you would like to depart from?
I need to depart from cambridge after 21:45.|There are 2 trains making that trip. One leaves at 21:50, the next at 23:50. Would you like to book one of those trains?
Yes, I'd like to book the train that leaves at 21:50.|I would like to book the train leaving at 21:50.
Did the booking go through?|yes Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : T5GD6FIT
Great! Can you also help me find a place to dine in the centre area?|Sure thing!  What kind of food are you looking for?  What is the price you'd like to pay - Cheap, Moderate, or Expensive?
I'm looking for European food in the city's centre and in the expensive range.  I need the address, postcode and the phone number.|How about darrys cookhouse and wine shop? Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln and phone number is 01223505015.
Thank you, that was quick expedient service.  I am all set, hope you have a great day.|You're so welcome, enjoy your visit!
I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.|Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.|Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after 14:45.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.|I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
Hello!  I need a place to stay, can you help me find something in a moderate price range?|Sure, what area would you like to stay in?
In the East.|I have three places, will you need parking?
I don't need parking, but the I'd prefer to stay in a guesthouse.|How about the Warkworth House? They're a moderate guesthouse in the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please.  I'd like to book for 4 people for 2 nights staring on Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6DRA6J6P.
Thanks! I also need a train to Stansted.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday after 8:30 to go to the Stansted airport.|How about the TR0797 train? It leaves Cambridge at 8:40 and arrives at Stansted at 09:08.
That sounds perfect, can you book my same group some tickets?|Train TR0797 is booked for 4.  Your reference number is O925IZ27 and the total cost payable at the station is 40.4.
Thank you very much, that will be all for today.|Thank you and enjoy your travels. Have a great day!
Good afternoon! I'd like to visit an expensive european restaurant. Will you help me find one?|Yes there are 5 restaurants that meet your requirements. Do you have a part of town or type of food you prefer?
No, surprise me. I will need the address and the area, though.|Eraina is a very nice restaurant in the centre. How many in your party? And what day and time should I make your reservation for?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the address and the area.|It is the centre area and its address is Free School Lane City Centre
Great,I also need information on getting a train.|Where would you like to depart and arrive?
I'll need one from leicester to cambridge on saturday, leaving after 16:30|I have a train for you that leaves at 17:09. Would you like me to book it?
What time does it arrive and the price?|The train arrives at 18:54 and costs 30.24 pounds.
Okay. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks, that will be all.|Alright. Thanks for using our service and have a nice day. Goodbye.
Hi, can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge?|I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you, can you please let me know where you are traveling to and what day you would like to leave.
I would like to go to Cambridge on Sunday.|Just to clarify, are you leaving Cambridge, or coming into Cambridge?
I am leaving birmingham new street, coming into Cambridge.|There are 19 trains departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge on Sunday. What's your preferred departure time?
I can depart any time after 17:15. What's the first train that leaves after this time?|The TR5797 leaves Birmingham New Street at 17:40. Would you like me to book you a seat on that train?
At what time will that train arrive?|That train will arrive at 20:23.
i need a train that leaves before 17:15 if possible.|There are no trains that leave before 07:15. TR 5797 is the earliest train there is that day. Would you like to book this one?
No, thank you. I will have to verify with a friend if we can make TR5797.  Can you help with finding an Indian restaurant in the east area of town?|Would you prefer moderate or expensive price range?
Any is fine, I just need the postcode and address of it.|Curry prince is the first listed. It's located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. cb58jj is the postcode.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Could you help me find a train to norwich?|Not a problem. Where are you departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I want to leave from cambridge on wednesday.|What time of day would you like to travel?
I don't have a preferred departure time but the train should arrive by 18:15.|TR1871 arrives by 16:55 and TR6838 arrives by 17:55. They are both the same price. Would you like to book one of these?
Book the TR6838 please. I'm also looking for a place to stay if you don't mind.|I have several different hotels. Are you wanting a certain area of town or any special accommodations?
I would prefer it to be a 4 star hotel, with free parking.|We have several hotels that meet your requirements. Would you prefer a hotel that is cheap or moderate in price?
Oh, I really don't worry about the price, so long as it has four stars and free parking.|Alright, might I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast then?
That sounds great - I want to book it for 5 people for two nights starting Monday.|Alright, I have your party booked at the Alexander. The reference number is : G2YMGI0L. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and it should leave on Wednesday and arrrive by 10:15.|Where are you going to depart from?
I am departing from cambridge.|There are 49 trains, where would you like to leave from?
I am departing from Cambridge|Ok great, I have 52 trains departing from cambridge.  Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be traveling to Birmingham New Street. Could you give me the travel time for that train?|There are four trains that meet your request, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please, what is the travel time?|The travel time is 163 minutes.  Shall I book the tickets?
No. I am also looking for attractions, a swiming pool in the south.|There are no swimming pools in the north. Would you like one in the centre instead?
No, why don't you try a theatre, instead.|The Junction is a theatre in the south. Their phone number is 01223511511.
What is their address?|The junction is located on Clifton Way, Their phone number is 01223511511 if you need more precise directions.
Thank you for your assistance today. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance. Have a great day!
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|Certainly. When would you like to depart?
Sometime after 12:15 on Saturday, please.|Where would you like to depart from?
From Leicester. There will be 6 of us. And I'll need a reference number as well.|TR0662 departs at 13:09 and arrives at 14:54 cost is 30.24 pounds per person, before I book you for 6, can I once more confirm this is ok?
that is right. also find me a please to stay.|We have 33 fine places to stay all over Cambridge. Is there a certain area or price range you had in mind?
Pricing should be somewhere in the mid range, and I would like free parking. Could I get the reference number for the train please?|VKJGWFNR is the referance number for the train. There are also several hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like me to recommend one?
yes but it should include free wifi|If you would like to stay in the east, I recommend the carolina bed and breakfast. It's on 138 perne road. Would you liek me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will be on the same day, same people, and 5 nights.|great, ref # is 33TX20TD, anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
I need a train that is leaving from cambridge and should leave on thursday.|Great! Where are you leaving from?
I'll be departing from Ely.|We have 10 trains that fit that criteria. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 12:45 please.|TR5216 departs at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good - it is going to Cambridge, yeah? I'll need the travel time on that one too, please.|Travel time is a mere 17 minutes, and the per person price is 4.4 GBP. Would you like tickets, or is there something else I can help with?
I am looking for information about a particular attraction called Whale of a Time.|Whale of time is in the west of town & I'm unsure about the entrance fee. Would you like the number to call & ask for this info?
Yes, and can I get the area and postcode as well|Of course, their phone number is 01954781018 and the postcode is cb238el.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome! Have a great time!
That's all the help I need today, thanks, goodbye.|You are very welcome! Toodles!
Hello.  I need to catch a train leaving on Monday.  Can you help me find something?|Yeah sure but you need a departure/arrival city and time.
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by 12:45|TR5431 fits your criteria and will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, could you book 3 tickets and provide the reference number please.|Reference number is : 4HWC0OMV. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find out some information about the lensfield hotel|Ah, yes, the Lensfield is a very nice hotel. It's on the south end of the city and is quite expensive, but they have free wifi. Would you like a room?
No, but can you provide their address. Oh, and do they have free parking?|Their address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and they do offer free parking
Excellent. That's all I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Have a good day.
I need a train to Norwich. I need to get there right before 20:45.|And what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday.|The train that arrives closest to 20:45 is TR9083 arriving at 19:55. Shall I book it?
Yes, I will need tickets for 5 people please and a reference number.|I was able to book that for you. The total fee is 70.4 GBP and the reference number is LIW5CYJ0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere nice to stay, too. Can you help me find a hotel?|Yes, I can definitely help you with a hotel.  Do you have a price range, hotel type, or area that you are wanting to stay?
I would like an expensive guesthouse that includes free wifi and has at least 4 stars.|I'm sorry I have no expensive guest houses listed. Could I perhaps interest you in a more moderately priced guesthouse?
How about simply a cheap one?|There are 7 options available. Is there a specific area that you prefer?
No, I just need a place I can stay for 3 nights for our group starting on Saturday.|I'm sorry, all hotels are asking you to book another day, or a shorter stay.
Can you check again? A cheap, 4-star guesthouse for 3 nights, starting Saturday, for 5 people?|I did find a hotel for you. We've booked you at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast for 3 nights. Your reference number is 244GZSGM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from the americas please.|I am sorry but I am not finding any results for the Americas. Is there another food type you would be interested in?
How about spanish food?|It seems there are no cheap Spanish restaurants either. Can I help you with anything else today?
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 16:45 on friday.
Make sure you get the reference number with moderate price range|Your booking is successful, reference number is WLB1869A
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find a train to get me to Cambridge from Leicester?|which day will you want to travel?
I would like Friday|I have a few options on Friday with departures starting at 5:09 and recurring every hour. What time would you like to depart?
Can you pick one and get me 8 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : I0W8XGUW.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for info about a hotel called city centre north b and b. Can you help?|Yes. City Centre North B and B is a guesthouse in the north side of town, that has both free internet and parking. Do you want to book a room?
No thanks. No need to book today. Can I get the price range for them though?|It's listed as in the cheap price range.
Ok, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|There are several what day and time do you need the train?
I'll be leaving Monday after 15:30.|TR2630 leaves at 17:29. Would you like for me to book the train for you?
Yes I would like to book the train for 4 people and I'll need the reference number please.|I'm sorry, I gave you the wrong Train Number it is TR2530 not 2630.  Ref no is : 0ES63CK2.  The total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank you.|Okay, well you have a great day!
Thanks again for the help. Good bye.|Text us back if you need any further assistance. Bye-bye!
I am looking for a cheap hotel on the east.|I have listings for 3 guesthouses would that be okay?
Can you give me one that has free wifi and free parking?|The 3 guesthouses mentioned all have free wifi and parking. I recommend the Allenbell.
The Allenbell sounds perfect. Can you book it for me for tuesday?|How many days would you like to stay?
I would like to stay for 2 nights please.|How many people would you like to book for?
My party will consist of 5 people.  May I please get a reference number?|Your booking at the Allenbell was successful. Your reference number is PV039AJH.
I also need a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.|Okay what day will you be travelling and what time would you like to travel?
Tuesday, I want to arrive at 20:15.|The latest train gets into Cambridge on tuesday is at 18:43.  Will that work for you?
It might, what time does the train depart?|It leaves at 17:54, would you like a booking?
No thanks.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I am happy to help, can you please give me some information on what you would like me to search for?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge in the expensive range with a 0 star rating that includes free parking.|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any options for an expensive place to stay with a 0 rating and free parking. Should I look for something else?
How about one with a 4-star rating?|There are 2 hotels that meet your needs, one in the west and one in the city centre. Do you have a preference on where you'd like to stay?
The one in the west will be fine. I'll need the address, postcode, and if they have free internet.|Sure their address kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon and the postcode is pe296fl and they do have free wifi.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please find me a train that goes to Ely, leaving on Friday?|We have 10 trains that leave every two hours starting at 5:50, any time preferences?
I need to leave after 10:30.|TR0767 leaves at11:50 on Friday morning, arriving 12:07. Price is 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes please. Book it fror friday, 2 peopl. I'll need a reference number as well please.|I will complete that booking for you now.
Okay. Great. Can I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is IWVOH34O.
Ok. Thanks.  Nothing further.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?|Of course, do you need anything specific?
Yes. The hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.|We have three choices, any other preferences?
As long as it is a hotel, I would like to book it.|How many nights and for how many people?
I would like it starting Thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.|I will need the day you want to arrive.
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.|We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.|Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.|I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.|Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi?|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel with a moderate price range that includes free parking also.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are 2 hotels in the north area in the moderate price range, both have 2 stars and free parking and internet.
3 people and 3 nights starting from friday at ashley|Would you like me to make a booking for either one? Which one do you prefer?
any of your choice.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is TJSXO54D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge, can you help me?|Okay! What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave after 14:00. And it's how i'm getting to cambridge, so friday.|Okay, the TR6247 leaves at 14:09. Would you like me to book tickets?
No thank, just need total travel time and price.|Prices is 37.80 pounds per person, the total duration of the trip is 105 minutes.  Any other questions today?
No, that is everything I need. Thanks for your help!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all, thank you for your help.|Have a pleasant stay at the Ashley and a wonderful trip. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.|Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?|Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.|I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
I am looking to book a train for the three of us from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday.|And where would you like to go today?
Ummm I literally just told you Birmingham New Street, and I'm not traveling today Im traveling Wednesday! Please pay attention|Is there a certain time that you would like to arrive?
We will be ready to leave after 14:30. Arrival time is not as important to us.|There is one that leaves after 15:01.
That sounds perfect. I need reservations for 3.|Train TR4488	arrives at	birmingham new street and cost 75.10 pounds
I need a train arriving in Cambridge by 20:45.|There are many trains arriving at Cambridge by 20:45. Where would you be departing from, and on which day?
I will be departing from stansted airport on wednesday.|What time would you like to depart from Stansted airport?
The departing time is flexible, I just need to get to cambridge by 20:45 please and may I have the price as well?|I have a train arriving in in Cambridge at 5:52pm on that day. The price is 10.10 pounds. Will this work for you?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay.|Your train reference number is 4FQ0OYNJ. As for lodging, what type of establishment, price range, or area can I look for?
I would like a three star hotel that is expensive.|There are 2 hotels matching that criteria: Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel.
OK, I need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you tell me which of the two hotels are available then?|The Gonville Hotel is available, and your reference number is 7JS42213.
Oh! Great. Thank you, that's all I need today.|I'm glad I could be of help, enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a train leaving peterborough arriving by 8:30|There are 35 trains do you have a destination and day?
Yes, I'm headed to Cambridge on Wednesday.|TR8935 leaves at 7:19 and will arrive at 8:09. Would you like me to book it?
Can you also tell me the travel time?|Duration for this particular trip is 50 minutes.
OK, that is all the information I need.  I can't book it quite yet.  Thanks for all of your help.  Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.|Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|The Hamilton Lodge has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT.
Can I cancel the reservation with you?|I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.|May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and I'm going to Birmingham New Street.|what about TR1773? it leaves at 09:01
I'll need to arrive by 09:30.|We have 3 trains that match that criteria. One leaves at 05:01, another at 06:01 and another at 23:01. Which one would you like me to book for you?
what time does the one that leaves at 06:01 arrive in birmingham new street?|That arrives at 08:44, which means you'd have about 45 minutes before 09:30. Will that work for you?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : SEX3RXHL.
Thank you that is all I need.|All right, I'm glad that I could be of help!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the city centre.|I can most definitely help with that. Is there a certain type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I think I would like to try French food.|Cote is a French restaurant in the centre of town. It is expensive. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes.  Please send be the phone number, address and postcode.|Their number is 01223311053, postcard is cb21uf and they are located on Bridge Street City Centre.
Great, thanks. I also need a train. I need to leave cambridge after 12:15.|I have over 800 possible matches for that request. Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Kings Lynn on Saturday.|I have a train TR4003 leaving cambride at 13:00 and arriving at london kings cross at 13:51. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, can you book that train for 2 people please?|Your train has been booked. Reference number CYW95CE2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need today.|I am happy to be able to help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I need to go to london kings cross by train|Okay! Do you know where you want to depart from or the day of the trip?
yeah. Cambridge to london kings cross.The train should leave after 15:30 on Friday|TR6626 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00. Would that work for you?
Anything leaving a little bit earlier but after 15:30?|Actually, that is the earliest train available that leaves after 15:30. The next train before that departs at 15:00 which wouldn't fit your criteria. Would you like to book any tickets?
I guess that will have to do.  Go ahead and book it.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 23ELORQB.
I also need a place to stay.|I can help you with that, but let me gather a few more details.  What area of town would you like to visit?
The North, please. Also, I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|How many stars would you like?
Any is fine, as long as it has free parking.|There are two options. City centre noth b and b and worth house. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
Not yet.  Can you just give me the phone number and postcode of the Worth House?|Sure.  The phone number is 01223316074 and the postcode is cb41da.
Why thank you for your kind help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks for all the help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
Hi, I need to locate a train to Leicester that will arrive by 16:45.|Okay we can do that. Where are you departing from?
Leaving from Cambridge this coming Thursday.|You have several choices. Trains leave Cambridge at 5:21, 6:21, 7:21, 8:21, and 9:21.  The 9:21 arrives at 11:06. Shall I book one of these ?
OK I need one that arrives at 15:45 and I will need the travel time and the train ID.|The closest I have to that is a train arriving at 15:06  and takes  105 minutes to arrive. The train ID for this journey is TR1160. Would you like a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.|Is there anything that I may help you with today?
Yes, I was also looking for a place to stay somewhere in the north.|sure, what price range?
In the moderate price range, please.|I'm trying to narrow 11 choices down.  Would you want free parking or free internet?
free parking, please.|How about Archway House in the north? It has free parking and free Internet. It gets 4 stars. Would you like to book this one?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 6 people. We'd love to check in on Sunday|Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is PA8I7W04.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|Have a nice day.
I would like to book a train from Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 202 trains leaving from Cambridge that day. Where would you like to travel to?
I'd like to go to Norwich.|There are 19 trains available on Thursday.  What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on the first train after 9:30. Can I get the travel time, train ID and price please?|OK, TR1584 costs 17.60 pounds and leaves at 9:36. The travel time is 79 minutes. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'll think about it. I will also need a place to stay 3 star please and free wifi.|There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a certain price range or part of town?
Cheap price range please|There are no cheap hotels with 3 stars and free wifi. Would you be interested in a moderately priced one instead?
Yes, what moderate hotels are in the area?|There are no hotels with the moderate price range, but we do have three different guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating.
Can you book one for me? I need a room for 5 people starting on Monday. We would be staying 3 nights.|Fantastic, I have booked you at the Bridge Guest House. Your reference no. is 7XMDDV3L. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you goodbye.|Glad I could be of service, goodbye.
I need to book a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
I need to leave n Wednesday and arrive no later than 21:15.|TR4977 will get you here by 20:23. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|For how many people?
I need a booking for 2 people.|I will bnook that and get you the reference number.
Ok thank you.  After I get the reference number for my train, I have some other requests for you. But I need my train booked first.|Your 2 seats are reserved on the TR4977, departing Birmingham New Street on Wednesday at 17:40, arriving Cambridge at 20:23. Reference number is ULZ1R0XV. What else may I assist you with?
I would like to visit an entertainment attraction in the centre please|There are no entertainment attractions in the North, but there are two in the East if you're interested.
Do you have anything in the Centre area?|I am sorry there is nothing in the centre.
How about a museum?|How about broughton house gallery?
what type of museum is it, and their phone number too then please|broughton house gallery is a museum of arts. Their phone number is 01223314960. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that's all the info I needed today. Goodbye!|Enjoy your stay and have a wonderful day.
I need a train for this Friday that leaves anytime after 2:15 that afternoon.|There are a total of 204 trains leaving after 2:15 in the afternoon on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Stevenage please and depart from Cambridge.|There are 5 such trains. Do you want to set an arrival time?
I don't care about when it arrives.|Train TR0217 leaves at 5:21 in the afternoon, would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I was wondering if you could tell me about expensive restaurants in the center of town.|There are 33 options. What food type do you prefer?
I don't care about the food type.|How does bedouin sound, they serve african food.
That sounds great.  What is their price range?|The bedouin is expensive.
Let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 10:30 on Friday, and I will need that reference number, please.|I have booked your table at the bedouin.  Your reference number is 52CPSY3C and we hope you have a great day!
Can you find a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|There's just one - the Cherry Hinton Village Centre on the east side of town.
Thank you very much, that is what I was looking for|Okay, Cherry Hinton Village Centre is on Colville Road, postcode cb19ej. The phone number is 01223576412.
You know, I really wanted to visit the centre of town.  Can you find a theatre in the center of town?|There are numerous, would you be interested in this one? ADC Theatre, phone - 1223300085, postcode - cb58as, address - park street.
How much does it cost to get in?|The entrance fee is unknown. You may have to call them and check. Their phone number is 01223300085.
Hmm. Perhaps you could help me with a train. I'm coming in from Ely on Monday.|What time do you want to depart or to arrive?
I need to arrive by 15:15.|I have TR4849 that will depart at 13:35 and will put you in Cambridge around 13:52. Would this interest you?
Could you make a reservation on that train please?|I would be happy to. How many people will be traveling?
Just me for now please.|I've booked your ticket for TR4849.  The fee is 4.4 GPB and you can pay at the station.  Your reference number is W6ZVGNJN. Anything else I can help with?
That's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thank you.  Goodbye.|Hope you have a great trip.
Are there any Asian restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, I have 4 places ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like an expensive price range|There is one, the Kymmoy. It is at 52 Mill Road City Centre, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 3 people at 20:00 on Friday.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is 8JYOL10R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving from Norwich and arriving at 08:30.|What is your destination and what day would you be traveling?
I would be going to Cambridge and traveling on Friday.|the TR9900 arrives at 06:35 on friday from norwich to cambridge.
That sounds great, can you book us tickets for the same group of people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 46D44UUR. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for choosing the help desk. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a train.|I'd be happy to help you with that. Can you tell me your departure location and where you are headed to?
I am looking to go to london kings cross and depart from cambridge.|There are 70 trains making that trip, do you have a day or time?
I'll be leaving on friday after 12:45.|The TR3685 leaves just 15 minutes later, at 13:00.
That sounds great.  I'll get back to you when I decide on the booking.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
need a place to eat european food, expensive too.|We have several options that would meet your criteria, is there a specific area you are looking for?
Yes, the centre of town please.|Okay, I'd recommend eraina. It's a fantastic place at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like to try it?
Yes book it for 6 people at 19:45 on friday.|Your Reference number is : QVCSAJFU. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also interested in the train schedule. Are there any that leave Cambridge in the morning and arrive at their destination by 8:15?|I have severail trains departing from Cambridge. Where would the destination be?
I am going to bishops storford|I would recommend the TR3847 train that leaves at 05:29. Would that work/
What's the price and travel time?|It costs 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes. Should I book it for you?
That would great , and please get me the train ID, price, and travel time|The train id is TR3847, the price is 10.10 pounds, it leaves at 05:29 and arrives by 06:07, would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you, you've given me all the help I need today.|You're quite welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip. Bye!
I'd like to take a train from Cambridge at quarter to 2.|There are trains departing from Cambridge going to ely at 1350 daily.
Great I need to get a ticket on Thursday going to birmingham new street|Great your booking is all set!
Can I get the Arrival Time and Train Please?|Train TR9360 arrives at 16:44.
Thank you for your help!|Have a great day, thank you for using our service.
Also, do you have a listing of any expensive restaurants that serve halal or italian dishes?|There are 5 expensive restaurants serving italian food, would you prefer town centre or in the south area?
Any area is fine, but can I get the phone number and address of one of your recommendations?|The number for Clowns Cafe is 01223355711 and the address is 54 King Street City Centre. Would you like the reference number for your train ticket?
I would like the area for this cafe please.|Clowns Cafe is located in the centre part of town. Was there any other information you needed. Or a reservation perhaps?
Great, that's all I needed for today. thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Birmingham to Cambridge.|I have this train ticket TR4887	birmingham new street	cambridge	friday	05:40	08:23	75.10 pounds	163 minutes
I need it to arrive on Friday, by 10:45.|There's a train that arrives at 10:23. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, 10:23 will be fine. Are you able to tell me the departure time, the price, and the travel time, please?|It is leaving at 07:40,price is 75.10 pounds and travel time is 163 minutes.
Great, thanks so much.  I am also looking for a particular attraction.  Can you see if it is still in Cambridge?|What is the name of the attraction?
It's Saint John's College. Can you find the phone number?|Here is the phone number you requested:01223338600.
Great, thank you. That's all the information I require right now.|Okay, have a great day!
Greetings, I am looking for a museum to visit on the west side of town.|You can find the cafe jello gallery at 13 magdalene street and it's free!
Can I get the postcode for that museum please?|Cafe jello gallery's post code is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Birmingham New Street and leaves on Saturday|Where are you leaving from?
I am departing from Cambridge and would like to be in Birmingham New Street by 20:45 at the latest.|The earliest train available is train TR4975 which departs at 5:01 and arrives at 7:44. Can I book that for you?
A later train would be better, what trains arrive around 20:00?|The closest arrival to 20:00 is TR2815, departing at 18:01 and arriving at 19:44. There is also one arriving at 20:44. Would that be preferable?
What is the departure time for the one arriving at 20:44?|That would be train TR5867 departing at 18:01 and arriving at 20:44. Would this work better for you? I can help you book this one if you like.
That won't be necessary. Thank you for your help that is all I need today.|Alright, have a nice day.
I need to find an expensive british place to dine.|There are 6 results. Is there a certain area you'd like?
6 british restaurants, wow! I need a table for 2 at 12:00 on wednesday. No particular area|I have booked a table for you at Graffiti on the west side of town. They are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and phone number 01223277977.
Could you please provide me with the reference number for the reservation?|Absolutely. Your reference number is NS4A5CJT. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
I need a train too.  I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street, can you help with that?|Sure- where are you traveling to?
I'm heading to Cambridge, I would like to make it to London Liverpool Street by 8:00 if possible.|TR7020 departs Liverpool Street at 05:39, arriving in Cambridge at 07:07. Would you like a ticket?
What is the ticket price?|The fare is 16.60 pounds.  Need a booking?
Yes, I require the booking, as well as the reference number emailed or faxed to me.|Fantastic, how many people do you need tickets for?
I don't think I want to book it just yet, I am still getting a head count.|Is there anything else I may do for you right now?
That was all that I needed thanks.|Have a wonderful trip.
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.|Thank you again, good day to you.
I am looking for a train that leaves on Monday after 11:00.|Sure thing let me look that up for you. Where will you be going?
We will be going to Cambridge.|I found 139 trains, what is your departure destination?
My destination is Cambridge.|Yes, but from which station are you departing?
I will be departing from Leicester going to cambridge please.|TR1193 closely matches your search. It leaves at 11:09. Would you like more information or any assistance booking a ticket?
Great please looking for seven people and give me the reference number|Certainly, I have booked your tickets, and your reference number is YE6JVB3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for an attraction called scott polar museum.|Sure. The Scot Polar Museum is located in the city center and their telephone number is 01223336540. Admission to the museum is free.
Can i get their postcode, and entrance fee and is that a museum?|Yes, it is a museum. The post code is cb21er, and admission is free.
Great thank you very much that's all that I need.|You are welcome.  Please contact us if we can help you with anything else.
I need a train to Norwich, leaving after 21:30.|On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge|ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?|The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich  will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?|This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book this for you?
I need a train from leicester that leaves after 14:30.|ok thank you. I would like to book a ticket on TR4351 since that is the closest time you guys have.
Does that train leave on Wednesday and go to Cambridge?|The earliest train that day leaves at 15:09. Do you want to book it?
What time will it arrive?  How many minutes does it take to get there?  Can you tell me the price?|It arrives at 16:54 and is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Can you tell me what the total travel time is for the entire ride?|The travel time is 105 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a expensive indian restaurant.|What area would you like the indian restaurant to be in?
I would like it in the west please.|I found 5 restaurants that are expensive Indian restaurants in the west area. Do you want information on all of them?
No, just pick one and book it and provide me with the reference number please.|What day, time, and party size would you like to book?
Just a table for 1 at 18:45 on Wednesday please|I have booked your table for 1 on Wednesday at 18:45 at Cocum. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : JZ2XD42N.
That's great you've been a big help.|Glad I could help, have a great day.
Are there any good polish restaurants in the city?|I'm sorry, I don't have any Polish restaurants in the area. Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
Hm, how about we try the centre area for the polish food.|There are no Polish restaurants in the city. Would you like to try something else?
i will try british food|There are 7 British restaurants in the centre to choose from. Would you prefer a moderate or an expensive price range?
i'd like an expensive, please.|I have 3 listings for fitzbillies restaurant,the cambridge chop house and midsummer house restaurant.
Can I get a table for 8 at Fitzbillies? Thursday at 12:15, please.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
The reference number is : YONTCHWD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from peterborough on thursday. I'd like to arrive in cambridge by 09:30.|There are 7 trains that can get you there, the earliest is levaing at 05:19, the latest at 08:19. Do you have a time you'd like to leave the station?
No, I do not care what time it leaves as long as it arrives in Cambridge by 9:30.|Let's get you on the TR9303, it leaves Peterborough at 8:19 and gets to Cambridge at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'll need tickets for my entire party.|If i remember right, I had you as a party of 8, I booked 8 tickets for TR9303.  Cost is a total of 132, total reference # 011FPABG.
Yes, that was correct. Thanks for all your help. My ride is here. I've got to go. Bye.|Have a nice day.
Hello! I am about to go to Cambridge and I would like some information about local restaurants.  I also need to see if I can book a train to Cambridge that gets there before 15:45.|We have many options for restaurants. What food type are you interested in eating today?
I would like Italian please.|What area of town do you prefer?
It doesn't matter the part of town.|help me narrow down the choices by giving me the price range
Actually, let's look for the train first, please. I'll be traveling from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Tuesday and I'd like to arrive by 15:45.|The TR3456 from London Kings Cross on Tuesday departs at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Shall I book that for  you?
I don't need to book just yet.  But could you help me located a New Zealand restaurant?|Unfortunately, we no longer have any new zealand restaurants in the city. Can I search for something else for you?
I's sorry, but could you give me the actual train travel time between the two cities? I'm not good at math.|It takes 51minutes.
Thanks, could you also recommend could you help you help me find a place with japanese food?|Wagamama is an expensive Japanese restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay please book a table for five people on tuesday at 18:00 and give me the reference number|I am unable to book it at this time.
Is there another Japanese restaurant in the center of town?|There are no other Japenese Restaurants in that area.
Could you try to book that again for 5 people at 18:00 on Tuesday?|Great news, the booking system is back up and I made your reservation! The Ref. # is ETUL1R4O. Anything else I can do?
Thank you very much. That is all for today.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Please list all moderately priced restaurants in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 21 restaurants to choose from. Would you like me to narrow this search down by choosing a type of food you would like to eat?
I would really like some good Turkish food.|There are two Turkish restaurants listed. Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation for either of these?
I'll try the Anatolia. Please see if you can get me a table for 2 at 13:45 on Saturday|Your reference number is P5C22QW2. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train to Broxbourne.|Certainly! What day and time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by 17:15. I am leaving from Cambridge, of course.|ok there is one leaving at 1600 i will book it for you
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Indian food and is in the higher price range. Could you give me information on this kind of restaurant?|I have about 14 different options. Did you prefer a certain area of town to dine in?
I would like one in the west.|Tandoori Palace is an expensive Indian restaurant located in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 5 people at 18:15 on Wednesday. I would also like the reference number.|You're booking is all set. Your reference number is 5DFJFXLC. Can I help you with anything else?
Would it be possible to book a train from cambridge?|Can you tell me where you're departing from so I can look into the train schedule?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Where would you like to travel to, and at what time and day?
I'm going to Peterborough on Thursday, I'd like to leave after 10:30.|I have train TR5159 leaving cambridge at 11:06 arriving in peterborough at 11:56 on thursday. Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Let me think about it please.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me the travel time on that train?|The travel time on that train from Cambridge to Peterborough is 50 minutes.
Ok, thanks. Can you also tell me the price per ticket?|It's 16.50 pounds per ticket.
I would like 5 tickets please. Can you give me a total price?|Okay, the total fee is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is MJUGFPX5.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you good bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Is there a certain type of restaurant you are looking for?
I have heard of gastropub food but never tried it before. Would you have anything like that in the east?|There is only 1 and its called the royal standard would you like to reserve a table?
Sure can you book a table for 4 at 14:45 on friday?|Done! Your reference number is N8IPCZJP. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I need to book a train to cambridge on that same day.|Okay and where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn. I'll need to arrive by 9:15.|The train that arrives closest to 09:15 is TR1797. It arrives by 08:58 will that work for you?
Yeah that works. Can you book train reservations on that train for the same group of 4 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is JB48YR5T. Will that be all for today?
No that will be all. Thank you.|Have a great trip.
I need help finding a train out of kings lynn.|Trains begin leaving Kings Lynn at 5:11, may I know your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge and I need to be there by 11:30.|I have train TR3225 that arrives at 10:58 is that good for you?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people.  Can I have the reference number?|I apologize the system is down please try back later
Is the system back up?  Can you make that booking I asked for.?|Would day do you want to travel on ?
I want to travel on Friday.|You are booked for train ID TR1958. Your reference number is H8N2SC1Z. The total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
Thank you! Can you also please recommend a 4-star guesthouse?|a and b guesthouse is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Sure that sounds great. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights starting on friday.|You are all set, your confirmation number is 1Q0G4OWL, can I assist with anything else?
No that would be it thanks !|You're welcome, I'm glad to have helped! Bye now!
I need to find a train, please. I'm traveling on Tuesday and would like to arrive at my destination by 19:30.|Of course, where would you like to travel to, and where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and going to London.  I'd like to use the Liverpool Street station.|Sure, TR9561 leaves at 17:59 and arrives by 19:27. Would that work for you?
It should.  Could you give me the travel time and price for that too?|The price is 16.60 pounds and travel time is an hour 28 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, actually. Are you able to find me a multiple sports attraction?|The cherry hinton village centre has multiple sports and is located in the east area. Phone number is 01223576412, anything else?
Yeah what about college's?|We have many different colleges to visit.  Do you have a particular area in mind?
How about one in the centre?|Ok we have 4 that are free and one that charges 2 pounds entrance fee.
One of the free ones would be great.  Can you give me the name and address of one?|I would recommend Downing College.  The address is Regent Street.
I actually don't want to visit a college. I want to visit a place in the city centre that offers multiple sports.|I am sorry there are no attractions that offer multiple sports in the centre, do you have any other interests or would you like to look in another area?
I guess downing college in the centre area would be good. Can i get the address?|The address is regent street and the postcode is cb21dq. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that will be all.  Thank you for your assistance.|My pleasure, feel free to use us again for anything else you may need,
Thank you. Goodbye.|Goodbye. Have a great trip!
Well, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a place to stay.|I have 33 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I don't have a particular area.  It does need to be moderately priced.|Do you have a parking or internet preference?
Yes, I'd like free parking and free wifi. Thanks!|I have 14 hotels that meet your criteria. I can narrow that down further depending on which part of town you want to stay in.
I would like to to be a guesthouse.|There are 12 guest houses that are moderate pricing and offer both free parking and Internet what part of town do you want
I'm looking for a train departing from ely.|On what day do you wish to travel and to what destination?
I'd like to travel to Cambridge on Wednesday, but I don't want to leave before noon.|I have a train to Cambridge leaving Ely at 13:35. Will this work for you?
That should work. I need booking for 2 people and I will need the reference number, please.|I have booked two spots for you. The reference number is IU3F4FKV
Wonderful. Thank you.|You're welcome. Is there anything else you may need?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Alright. Have a great day. Bye now!
Yes I am looking for a attraction called holy trinity church.|Holy Trinity Church is located on Market St in postcode cb23nz. It's free to get in. Did you have any further questions?
Do you have the address of holy trinity church?|Yes it's on Market street.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a train going to Leicester?|Yes, when would you like to leave?
anytime after 19:00|I have a train that leaves at 19:21. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|TR4708 departs cambridge at 19:21 and arrives at 21:06. Can I book that for you?
Yes. I would like to book for 3 people and will need a reference number.|I booked you 3 seats on TR4708 leaving Cambridge on Saturday at 20:21, the total fee is 90.72 GBP and your reference number is FVMA8AAO.
That's all I need. Thank you.|I'm glad that I can be of help please have a great trip.
Can you tell me about a place called Primavera?|Absolutely! Primavera is a museum in the centre. Would you like me to give your their address and telephone number?
You say it is a museum... Can you tell me more about the exhibitions that are currently showing?|Unfortunately, we don't have that information available. I am sure if you call them they can provide that information to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am looking for a train going to stansted airport and leaving form cambridge|There are trains almost every hour; do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, I need one on Wednesday that arrives by 13:15, is there anything available?|There are five trains that fit the criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
I need a travel time and train ID for the last train to arrive at stansted airport before 13:15.|The train ID is TR0644.  It leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 for a total travel time of 28 minutes.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's departing Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.|I have the listings up for you, what date and time will you need that train?
I need to travel on Thursday, and I need to arrive by no later than 16:15.|There are 5 results, depending on when you want to leave. There is a train that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27, will that be ok?
Yes, that will work can you book that for me?|Yes I can book that for you. How many people will be needing tickets?
I need tickets for 8 people.|Your reference number is OWVUY7ZZ. The total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes, now that you asked, I really would like to check out some colleges in the centre|You're in luck, we have 13 colleges in the centre. May I recommend Christ's College for you? It has free admission.
could you please provide the address, phone number, and entrance fee.|Christs College is on St. Anfrews st. and phone is 01223334900
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Turkish food in the centre please.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, did you have a price range?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.|Great, I have found Meze Bar Restaurant, they are located in the area of Centre, serve Turkish food and is expensive, how many can I book for and what time please?
I need a table for five at 18:30 on Friday, and I need the reference number too.|I've successfully booked your table. Your Reference number is : AD41BY5A. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.|Certainly, there are 19 trains to Kings Lynn saturday, do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
How about 15:00?|I'm sorry. Was that an arrival time or a departure time?
It should leave after 9:45.|How about train TR9680? It leaves at 10:11 and will arrive at 10:58. Would you like me to book?
Yes I would like you to book that.|How many tickets do you need for that train?
I would need 5 tickets. Can you provide me with the reference number once it is booked? Thanks.|Your booking request was successful! the total fee is 39.2GBP and your reference number is FILYRUYS. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi, I need to locate a particular restaurant please.|I can help with that. What's the name?
It is the Pizza Hut City Centre.  I'd like to eat there on Monday if you could reserve a table for me.|sure, how many people will be in your party?
We'll need a table for 4, please. I'd love it if we can get the 15:15 time slot.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N0LQRA43.
I also need to find a train that leaves on the same day as my reservation and would allow to arrive by  10:00.|I'll be glad to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and arrive at?
I need to depart from london kings cross and go to cambridge.|the TR9276 arrives by 8:08, will that be alright?
Yes, I will need 4 tickets.|OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR9276. The total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Z3HYLOYM.
Thats great thanks so much for all the help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|What is your destination and when would you like to leave?
I'm leaving cambridge and would like to leave after 11:00.|We have many trains that leave after 11:00. Where would you like to go and on what day?
I would like to go to stansted airport on wednesday please|There is a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Wednesday at 11:40.
Please book two seats on that train, and send me the reference number.|Booked! Your reference number is 89Q51FJW. The fee is 20.2 GBP and paid at the station.
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|The cambridge contemporary art museum is free and located in the centre.
Thanks, that's very helpful. Oh, right, what postcode is it in?|The postcode for the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed for now. Thank you!|Have a good day and enjoy the museum!
Can you find me a train leaving from London Liverpool Street?|Of course! When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave cambridge after 18:15 on Wednesday.|No train at that time do you want to change the time to 09:39?
That is fine.|TR2823 is leaving london liverpool street to cambridge at 19:39, would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, please. I'll be needing tickets for 3 people.|I have booked 3 tickets for you at on TR2823. The total fee will be 49.8GBP.
I also need the reference number.|Ah, yes. Your reference number is D7RN1KYW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is a restaurant called Eraina, I would like to book a table for 3 at 21:00?|Which day would you like the reservation for?
For Wednesday, please.|It is booked up then, another time perhaps?
How about 20:00?|You are booked. Remember the restaurant will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KFYPO6NQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you very much.|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east with free parking?|how about acorn guest house?
If it is in the East part of town, and has free parking, then that sounds great, thank you!|Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you, I'm just looking for information today. I have everything I need now.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thats enough for today. thanks|Thank you for using our service today!
I need to find which train will take me from Norwich to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you tell me?|The first leaves at 6:16 in the morning though there are others almost every hour.
I need one leaving after 17:00.|The TR2974 leaves at 17:16.
That sounds perfect. Could you tell me the travel time and price for that trip?|The travel time is 79 minutes. The price is 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book that?
yes please book that train for 15 people.|Your reference number is UEKLG6II. Do you need anything else?
I am looking for a place to go that is mutliple sports.|The the cherry hinton village centre is in the east area. Would you like information on it?
Can you get me the address and entrance fee?|i am sorry but i actually am not finding any information for cherry hinton village. let me do another search for you.
Try to find a multiple sports attraction, please.|The Cherry Hinton Village Center is in the east. Their address is colville road, cherry hinton. No entrance fee is listed.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.|Thanks for using our service!
I need to find a restaurant in Cambridge called the Golden Wok please.|I have found a Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Great, can you please book a table for 2 at 19:30 on Monday?|Yes, I will book your table for 2 at the Golden Wok on Monday at 19:30, would you like a reference number?
Great, thank you, yes I would like a reference number. If the booking fails, I would like to try for 18:30 instead.|I was able to book a reservation for 18:30 on Monday. Your reference number is YT9NB9YW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 19:15.|Where do you need this train to pick you up?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.|I have 14 trains that match your preferences, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 05:01 and ending at 18:01.  Which train would you like to book?
I need on that arrives by 19:15 please|The TR7656 leaves at 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Is that okay?
Yes that should be fine, thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need the travel time and departure time of the train.|The train departs Cambridge at 09:01 and the travel time is 60 minutes.  Your train will arrive in Broxbourne at 10:01.  Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, could you check to see if there is a train that will arrive by 19:15 rather than 10:01. I'd really prefer the earlier arrival.|10:01 is 9 hours,14 minutes before 19:15, so it's definitely an earlier train. If you would like to arrive closer to 19:15, though, there is a train that arrives at 19:01.
I think that could be okay|TR5484 is the train that arrives by 19:01. Would you like to book it?
No thank you. I just need the the departure time and the travel time, please.|TR 5484 departs Cambridge at 18:01 and take 60 minutes to get to Broxbourne.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else you need?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks for all of your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am trying to find a museum to go to while I am in Cambridge on holiday.|There are several museums in Cambridge. Is there a certain area you are hoping to visit?
I have no particular area in mind.  Which do you recommend and can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?|There are 23 museums in the area of cambridge what area do you want?
I'm departing cambridge . Can you find a train that leaves after 08:15?|Where will you be going and on what day?
I am trying to get to peterborough on Thursday please.|TR4863 leave at 08:34, would that work for you?
Yes thank you, I would like to book for one ticket. I would also like the reference number please.|I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is EMF3A2D0. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you get me the phone number and entrance fee of a museum? It can be located anywhere in Cambridge.|I have the byard art museum in the south. The phone number is 01223464646 and it is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else today?
I believe that is all, thank you|Have a great day!
Hello there. Can you please find me a train schedule that leaves on Wednesday heading for Cambridge?|Yeah, I can do that. Where are you heading in from?
I'd like to leave from Broxbourne sometime after 12:30.|I have 12 available trains. The first leaves at 12:32 and arrives at 13:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
May I have the train ID for that one?|Certainly. That train ID is TR7834.
What is the travel time?|Travel time will be 60 minutes.
Thank you. That is all I will need.|Perfect! Have a wonderful day!
I need to take a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:45.|Where will you be going?
I'll be leaving from London Liverpool Street. Oh, and I'd like to travel on Saturday, please.|There are 6 trains to choose from that day, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave?
I need it to arrive by 6:30 and I need it for 3 people.|Ok. TR7909 leaving at 23:39 and arriving at 01:07 is booked for 3 people. Reference 00PENVQG. 39.83 payable at the station
Thanks. Can you also tell me some information on the Maharajah Tandoori restaurant?|The maharajah tandoori restaurant serves indian foodon the west side. It is in the expensive price range. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Anything else?
That's all. Thank you.|Have a nice train trip!
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|We have four theatres to choose from, I personal recommend the mumford theatre, would you like more information?
Yes, Can you send me the address?|The address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need anything else?
Can I also get the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number? I also need a train.|The entrance fee is not listed. Their phone number is 08451962320 and postcode is cb11pt. Where will your train be departing from and arriving to?
I'm going to broxbourne and departing from cambridge.|There are hourly trains on that route every day from 5:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Oh, I need to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive in Broxbourne by 18:30.  I need to book for 5, with a reference number please.|The reference number is OLH83LVT
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Thanks for using our service!
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.|There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks|Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.|I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.|Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after 8:45?|Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are headed to?
Certainly.  I need to travel from Leicester to Cambridge.|The first train after 08:45 is the TR1672, which leaves at 09:09.
I need it for four people please.|Of course. Your reference number is TE5QEU4H. The total is 151.19 payable at the station.
Great thank you I also need to find a guesthouse in a moderate price range.|There are several guesthouses in the moderate price rance. I can recommend the Archway House. They're in the north, have 4 stars, and offer both free wifi and parking.
Can you find one in the south, actually?|I have the aylesbray lodge guest house or the bridge guest house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Can you try booking at the Aylesbray lodge for 2 nights, and may I have the postal code?|How many guest will be staying with you at the lodge? Will the booking be for 4 guests also?
I actually think I will book myself later. If I could just get the postal code and if they have internet?|The postal code is cb17sr. They do have internet. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No that's all the info I needed. Thanks for all your help|Okay, have a good day.
I need to book a train from Leicester to Cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
I would like to leave Sunday after 15:30.  Are there still any available>|TR1784 departs Leicester at 16:09, would that work for you?
Yes. Please make a booking for 1 and be sure to give me a reference number.|You are all set for train TR7472. It will cost 30.24 GBP, payable at the station.  The reference number is CUPCJMGO.  Can I help you further?
Great. That is all I need. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome, enjoy your trip.
Thank you so much!|You're very welcome. Thank you so much for using our service.
Hi I am looking for a train that will arrive by 08:15 and leave on monday.|There are several trains arriving by 08:15 on Monday? Where would you like to leave from and arrive?
It should leave from stansted airport and arrive at cambridge.|I have train TR9641 that arrives at 07:52,what time are you wanting to leave?
Please give me the last train to arrive by 08:15. I will need two tickets.|That would be TR9641. the booking was successful, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: SLW0BCJI. Can I do anything else for you?
I'm looking for a place to go on the west side of town.|There is a free attraction at all saints church.
That would be great.  Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it?|The postcode of All Saints Church is  cb58bs. The phone number is 01223452587. The address is Jesus Lane.
Jesus Lane? Really? Okay. That's about it, but can you confirm the church event is happening on Monday?|There's nothing that says there will be a church event on Monday or any other day.
Ok thank you goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train arriving by 12:45 going to birmingham new street?|What city are you departing from?
i'm leaving from cambridge|Can you give me the day you are traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. May I please have the travel time?|Travel times for all trains on that route are 163 minutes. The TR2576 would get you to Birmingham New Street at 11:44.
Thanks.  Can you also look up information on Lovell Lodge hotel?|The Lovell Lodge hotel is located in the north that is 2 stars. It has moderate pricing, free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223425478.
Thank you for the info, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?|Do you have a certian time of day ?
I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street after 12:30. Whichever train departs from platform 9 3/4.|TR0680 will leave at 12:40. I don't have information on the specific platform. Please consult your local ministry with regards to that. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you please make me a booking for 4 people on that train, and give me the reference number? Thanks!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 240.32 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is U487NKQU. Will that be all?
I also need a place to stay. It would be great if it had free wifi. I don't really care about parking though.|Choices, choices, choices! There are 32 hotels which could fit your criteria. Which area of town would you prefer to be? Also, maybe a price range so we can narrow this down a bit to get the best fit for you!
No preference on the location, but definitely a hotel, not a guesthouse (hate those!). Maybe a 2 star option?|I have 2 in the north and 1 in the east
Tell me more about the one in the east please.|Okay it's the express by holiday inn cambridge on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the post code is cb13lh.
Great thats everything I need thanks for the help|Thank you. Goodbye
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge after 12:15|Where will you be departing from and what time do you want to arrive in Cambridge?
I will be leaving on Sunday from london liverpool street. I just need to leave after 12:15.|The train closest to the time when you can depart leaves London Liverpool Street on Sunday that 13:39.  Would you like to book it?
What is the price?  I'd like to book.|It is 13.28 per seat. How many tickets did you need?
Just 1 ticket please, and I am also looking for a cheap restaurant located in the west, can you help me find one?|I have successfully booked you a train on train #TR6578. Would you like a reference number?
No, I need a cheap restaurant located in the west that serves Vietnamese food.|The thanh binh restaurant is in the west and serves vietnamese food. They are in the cheap price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation that evening at 8:00 p.m.|Great! How many people will you need to book the reservation for at Thanh Binh?
I would like you to book it for 1 person. Thank you.|I am having a problem booking your reservation.  There phone number is 01223362456.  If you call back in awhile, we can try booking the reservation again.
Could you find another cheap Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town?|I'm sorry thanh binh	 is the only restaurant serving vietnamese food in the west in the cheap price range. Would you like to try a different time?
I don't need a reservation. Just the postcode, address, and phone number for Thanh Binh, please. Thank you.|The postcode is cb30af, the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223362456. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Hi there, I'm hungry. Please help me find a cheap place that serves the americas food|Oh no!  We don't have anywhere that matches that description.  Is there something else I can do for you?
What kind of food is offered in the centre?|There is asian oriental, chinese, indian, italian, mediterranean, modern european, portuguese, and spanish. Which would would you like?
Ooh, mediterranean, please.|You'll love the gardenia. Can I book you a table?
Yes please book a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is RD7BJGH1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.|What location will you be departing from?
Which location is best?|Any location is great there are many trains. Also what day and time do you need the train?
Actually, I need to depart from Bishops Stortford. I need to arrive by 12:30 on Wednesday, please.|Okay! The latest train you can take leaves at 11:29. Would you like to take that one?
It depends on what the travel time is. Do you have the travel time please?|The train will take 38 minutes between the two places.
Ok great that will work.  Can you book it for me?|How many people will be taking the train?
I need 4 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RQ2ETGPC.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome. enjoy your day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on Friday.|No problem. Where is your departure area and destination?
I need to go to stansted airport and will be departing from cambridge|The closest to 13:45 is 14:40, which is the TR1316. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 15:08. Do you still want to book it?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people and give me the reference number?|Booked! Reference number is FQB8ZKSP. You will pay 70.7 GBP at the station.
OK I got it. Thanks for your help.|Okay please call us again.
Hello, I am planning my trip and I need help booking a train. I'd like to go to Broxbourne and l need to leave after 13:00.|What day are you travelling on?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and leaving from Cambridge.|I have a departure at 13:01 and an every hour later at a minute after. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please book the closest one to my preferred time for 7 people. I would also appreciate a reference number.|Ok.  I booked 7 tickets on TR4414.  Your reference number is 4C0J1MKO.
Great, thanks so much. Can you also recommend a park to visit in town?|Wandlebury Country Park is in the south and has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes can I get their phone number, and postcode?|01223243830 is their phone number and cb223ae is their postcode. anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee?|No, there is no fee to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all! Thank you so much!|You're very welcome! Have a great trip! Bye!
I am looking for an attraction named Club Salsa.|Club Salsa is a nightclub located in the city centre. Is there any other information I can provide?
Yes. Can you give me the postcode for Club Salsa?|The post code for Club Salsa is cb12jb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a train from Cambridge going to the Stansted Airport.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday after 10:00, please.|TR2762 leaves at 10:40 and arrives at 11:08.  Would you like to book that one?
yes and i need the reference number|How many tickets do you need to purchase?
I will need 4 tickets. Please send me the reference number too.|Alright, your reference number is: FLYM23D4, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today.  Thanks for your help!  Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I'm interested in booking a train for Tuesday please. I need one that arrives by 09:15|Ok.. where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from Ely and arrive at Cambridge.|That narrows it down to 2 options. I have train TR6971 that leaves at 07:35 and will arrive in Cambridge by 07:52. Would that work for you?
I want the train that arrive in Cambridge by 07:52, can you bookm it for me ?|I sure can, for how many people?
Actually, I don't need the ticket right now. Could you recommend a museum in the centre, though?|I have 11 of them to choose from. Are you looking for one in particular? If I may, might I suggest the Regency Gallery. It's recently added lots of exhibits.
Yes please that sounds great can I have the post code?|Of course! The postcode is cb11er.
Great, that's all I need thank you!|You are welcome, enjoy the rest of your day.
You too, goodbye, this should be the end of our chat.|Thank you very much! Goodbye.
Are there any museums on the West side?|Yes, there are 7! What type of museum would you like to visit?
pick one for me and i would need the address and entrance fee|people's portraits exhibition at girton college	has free entrance and is located at girton college, huntingdon road, can i give you the phone number?
No that's all I needed. Can you find me a train that arrives to Cambridge by 8:45 from Norwich?|I have many options that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or day of travel?
I'd like to arrive by 08:45 on sunday.|There are 3 trains on Sunday, arriving at 06:35, 07:35, and 08:35. Which one would you like to book?
Actually, I don't need to book just yet. Could you tell me the price and the id of the train arriving at 08:35?|The TR420 is 14.08 pounds.  How is that?
That is great, that is all I need for now.|Terrific. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
What kind of entertainment is there in the centre?|There is no entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Are there any architectural attractions in the centre?|There are 5 that match your request. All are churches except for one which is a school. Would you like more information on any of these?
Okay, well then how about architecture?|Yes you mentioned that. How about Old Schools?
What is the postcode for Old Schools? Also I need a train that leaves after 13:45 on Friday. Can you tell me what is available?|cb21tt is the postcode for Old Schools.  What is the area that you would like to depart from for the travel arrangements?
The train should leave from ely and go to cambridge|Okay, for sure. I booked it.
I'm looking for a good museum to visit in the center of town.  Can you recommend anything?|There are 11 museums in the centre. The broughton house gallery doesn't have a fee. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number?|broughton house gallery's phone number is 01223314960
I also need a train going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:30.|And where will you be departing from?
I am departing from norwich on Tuesday.|TR2098 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:35 on Tuesday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
No thank you. Could you just tell me the departure time?|Yes, it leaves at 13:16.
Thanks for being so helpful.  That is all I need today.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train to cambridge?|Sure, what time would you like to arrive?
As long as I leave London Kings Cross after 21:15, I'm flexible with arrival time.|The TR1581 leaves at 21:17. Do you want to book it?
What is the arrival time for TR1581?|The arrival time is 22:08.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the price?|The price per ticket s 23.60.  May I help you with anything else?
We want to have some fun !|Okay, there are lots of attractions in town. Do you have a preference on type or area?
Not really sure but I'd like it to be in the centre of town . Do you have any suggestions?|There's 44 attractions in the centre. I suggest old schools. It is an architecture attraction that is free
That sounds nice. Can you give me their address and phone number, please?|Would you like the information for all saints church?
Do you have their address?|The address of All Saint's Church is Jesus Lane. Old Schools is in Trinity Lane. I'm so sorry, I'm not sure which you wanted.
I just need the phone number of All Saint's Church, and then I'll be all set.|The phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all actually. Thanks so much. See ya!|You are welcome. Before you go, do you need help with a restaurant or taxi?
No I rather enjoy walking. Thanks. Goodbye.|Great, please let us know if you need any further assistance. Good bye.
List all thursday train times heading to cambridge.|There are 202 entries, can you please be more specific?
Okay, I guess that would be quite a lot of typing. How about this: I need a train leaving from Leicester sometime after 21:45 on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
Anytime after 21:45 is good.|I have train TR8149 leaving at 22:09,is that okay?
That is fine. Can you give me the price and travel time, please?|It is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find a place to stay.|Sure. Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you find one in the north?|do you have specifications about star rating?
No, but parking is a necessity.|i found 10 places to stay that match your criteria. to narrow it down, which price range would you like?
I don't care about price range, actually.|I have found a train and a room that meets your specifications.It leaves at 6:09 am and travel time is 105 minutes.
Is there a train I can take to cambridge that leaves after 18:00?|Absolutely. Where are you coming from?
I'm departing from birmingham new street.|I have train TR8903 that leaves at 18:40 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:23. Would that interest you?
Yes please book me for one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KHBLJGHN.  Is there anything else I can do to assit you today?
Also looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|Are you going to stay in a specific area of town?
I am looking for a guesthouse please.|In what area would you like it to be?
Any area as fine, as long as it has 3-star accommodations.|Would you like to try the Alpha-Milton Guest House located in the North?
Yes, that sounds great! Can I get it for 8 people for 3 nights please, we'll be arriving Tuesday.|I'm sorry, the hotel is unable to accommodate your party.  Can you arrive on a different day or stay for a different number of days?
How about for 2 days? If it's available will you please book and provide a reference number?|I have successfully booked it for 2 days, and your reference number is OUKN0U42.
Great.  Are there any trains that go directly from Cambridge to Norwich?|Yes, there are several.  The trip time is 79 minutes and the cost is generally 17.60 pounds.  Can I tell you anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What type of information do you need help with?
I'm looking for a hotel called, Archway House.|It is in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
Alright. I'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 2 people will be staying.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9V74O1G. can i be of any help again?
I will also need a train for Saturday, leaving after 13:45.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where would you like to travel to?
Going to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross.|And for haw many people ?
There will be 2 people.|I have train TR4101 that leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also provide me the reference number?|I will get that reference number for you.
Ok, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6BM4QJXX.
Great thank you! That's all I needed! Bye!|You're so welcome! Feel free to come back if you think of anything else you need! Bye!
I am looking for a greek restaurant on the east side of town.|we dont have any by your choice. maybe if you can choose another location
tang chinese.
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on tuesday|I am unable to locate this specific restaurant. Would you consider a different Chinese restaurant?
Are you sure? Could you please remove my eastern Greek preference and look by name for Tang Chinese?|our records don't have that specific restaurant. any other preference?
Are you sure? I really need to find a place called tang chinese.|Yes, I have found Tang Chinese.  It is located in the centre with an expensive price range, shall I book you a table?
Yes, for 6 on Tuesday at 16:45.|Okay, the booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LEZO9G3L.
I'm looking for a train from stansted airport to cambridge and should arrive by 09:30, the same day as the restaurant booking.|TR5077 leaves at 08:24 and arrives by 8:52.  Would that work for you?
yes. can i get the travel time please?|The travel time is 28 minutes, do you need a booking?
Actually I just needed the trains information. Thatll be everything thanks for the help|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train to arrive by 20:45 that is leaving Cambridge.|Is there a specific date of travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Sunday.|And where you you like to leave from and go to ?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn, to visit my sister! Haven't seen her in forever.|TR3212 Leaves at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Can I book that for you?
Yes, for six people. I will need the reference number. Thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.04 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : L5RUWCHN.
I will also need a place to stay. A guesthouse and it should include free wifi .|Okay, I can look that up for you.  Did you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, but it needs to be cheap and have free parking.|I can see if there are rooms available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. They are cheap, have free parking as well as free internet.
Sounds great, can you give me their phone number?|Their number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
i i'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to stevenage.|What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on thursday after 16:30. Can you provide me with the train ID?|The first train available is the TR4765 at 17:21. Shall I book you a seat?
No thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Enjoy your day!
Can you help me find a train leaving after 12:15 departing from cambridge?|Where are you heading, and on what day?
Kings Lynn on Friday|TR8494 leaves at 13:11. Want to book?
Yes, can i book it for 4 people.|Okay, I've booked 4 tickets. Your reference number is FBZ6Z3NH. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a hotel that has free wifi and a 4 star rating.|I see three options available.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  What is your price preference?
I would prefer the cheap one please.|the cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.|What are your arrival details please?
I would like it for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people .|You are booked for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Friday at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is FKV26SLF. May I help you with anything else?
I don't think so but before I let you go, I just want to be sure, the cambridge belfry is a guest house, correct?|It is a hotel not guest house.
Sorry, I want to stay in a guesthouse.|OK, we have many options for guesthouse in the cheap price range, including wifi. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference, but I would like it to be rated 4 stars.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FKV26SLF
that is all for today and thanks for helping|thanks and welcome anytime
I appreciate everything.  Have a great day.  Bye.|welcome anytime you need us
Hello are there any cheap European restaurants in town?|Yes, I found one located in the centre of town called The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill. Would you like more information?
Is there anything in the north part of town?|Nothing of that criteria in the area. Shall I try again with another criteria?
Can you look for Italian food instead?|I have the Da Vinci Pizzeria in the north. It is a cheap restaurant. Can I reserve you a table?
Yes I would like to reserve a table there. May I have the address please?|Yes.  The address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.  So that I can reserve a table, how many will be in your party?
One in my party.  I'm also looking for a train to get to bishops stortford, can you help me with that too?|I'd be happy to reserve your table; what day and time will you be dining?
I will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after 20:00 to bishops stortford.|What time would you like your reservation to be?
I don't need a reservation for the restaurant.  I need to find a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.|What day and time would you like travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday after 20:00.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No. Please send me the Train ID and arrival time.|There is one leaving at 	21:29 and arriving at 22:07, TR4863. Would you like me to book it?
No, I got all that I need. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay in the cheap price range.|Okay what area of town are you wanting to stay in? Any free parking or wifi?
I do need both free parking and free wifi please.|I found several hotels that might work for you in the centre, east and north part of town. Can you tell me where you'd like to stay?
Is there anything available in the north?|Yes, there is the City Centre North B and B and the Worth House.
Great. Please book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.|Which one would you like me to book?
Let's go with City Centre.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M6554531.
Can you also help me find a train to get me to Leicester on Wednesday?|train TR3138 leaves at 07:21 and will arrive in leicester at 09:06.
Not decided on the train yet, still have to consult the group, what is the price?|8 tickets costs 302.29 GBP payable at the station
Thanks. I don't want to book the train yet, so I think I am all set.|Oh, just to mention the cost of a single ticket is 37.80 pounds. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a train that will depart from stansted airport and should leave on monday|I can help you with that. Can you confirm if your destination is Cambridge and any time preference you have?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge and I need to leave after 19:30.|I show 4 possible options.  Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter. I just need tickets for four people.|I have booked you 4 tickets on train TR3873. It will depart at 20:24 and will arrive by 20:52. Your reference number is CBFDX67S. Anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a place to go, perhaps an attraction in the east.|There are a few attractions located in the east.  What type of attraction are you looking for? There are museums, boats, sports, parks, and etc.
Whichever is your favorite would be fine.|I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology.
What type of attraction is that?|It is located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane. The cost of admission is 5 pounds
Is it a specific type of attraction?|It's a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thanks for your help. Have a good day.|Thank you for using our system.  Good bye.
I am trying to find a train leaving after 15:15 to go to broxbourne.|TR5694	cambridge	broxbourne	friday	16:01	17:01	17.90 pounds	60 minutes
Is there any that are closer to leaving at 15:15?|Which day were you planning to travel to Broxbourne?
I am looking at traveling on Sunday.|Please confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If yes, TR6870 leaving 16:01, hourly, is the closest time. 15:01 is too early.
Yes, I am leaving from Cambrige. How long is the travel time?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : EWSOVUHU.
Could you please tell me the train ID, arrival time, and travel time?|The travel time is 60 minutes.
I need all three things please, train id, arrival time and travel time.|Read the previous lines please! number TR6870, arrival 17:01, travel time 60 minutes.
Okay. Thank you for all of your help. Have a good day now.|Thank you, good bye
Can you help get tickets for a train on Tuesday?|Absolutely! Where will you be heading?
I need to go to Cambridge from Stevenage after 10:45.|On Tuesday there is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge at 10:45
I'd like some information on a restaurant called Kymmoy, please.|Kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located at 52 Mill Road City Centre. It is in the expensive price range. Would you also like their phone number?
sure, and could you book a table for 3 at 12:45 on sunday. I would also like the reference number as well, thank you|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 4M02K9XY.
Thank you! Would you also be able to book a train for me?|Absolutely. Can you provide me with more specifics to narrow down your search?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge departing from Norwich.|There are two trains you can take, one leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35, or there is one that leaves at 11:16 and arrives at 12:35.
I would like this train to be on the same day of the restaurant booking and arrive by 8:00.|I can book passage for you on TR5163, arriving in cambridge at 7:35 on Sunday. How many tickets do you need?
I would like to know the approximate travel time and price per ticket for this particular train.|It costs 14.08 pounds per ticket, and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Thanks. Looks like that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to london liverpool street that arrives by 16:00|There are multiple trains. Where will you departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'm departing on sunday.|The TR2141 leaves Cambridge at 13:59 on Sunday and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:27. Is that the train you need?
What is the total travel time?|The trip will take 88 minutes. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No,I am  also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve British food and should be in the moderate price range|There are several restaurants that serve british food.  Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or the west?
I just need it to be moderately priced so I can make a reservation.|Restaurant One Seven is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I am looking for a four star hotel in Cambridge.  It needs to include free parking.|I have 19 different options. Is there an area or price range you prefer so that we can narrow it down?
Do you have any with free wifi?|They all offer free wifi actually.
I would like a guesthouse with a star rating of 4. Once we select lodging, I would like you to send the postcode and address.|There are many options available. Is there a particular area you would like to stay?
If you could recommend one that would be great, as long as it has free parking and is 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House on the north side in the moderate pricerange, it has a 4 star rating with free parking. Do you want me to book the reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet.  Could you give me the address and postcode for it?|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Is there any other way I can be of assistance?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 19:45.|I have 1029 travelling to Cambridge. Can you be more specific on what day you'd like to leave and time/place you'd like to depart from?
Yes, I'll be coming in from London Liverpool Street on Friday.|Train TR9802 leaves at 15:39 and will get you to your destination at 17:07.  The cost of the ticket is 16.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like a booking for one person.|I have reserved your ticket. Your reference number is QUECHW83.
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for using TownInfo.
Would you help me book a train for Thursday, please?|Yes, where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge|There are over 200 trains going to Cambridge on Thursday.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|That narrows us down to about 19 trains. Do you have a time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 15:45.|Then in that case, I recommend the TR0209	which departs from Kings Lynn at 16:11 and gets into Cambridge at 16:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.|There is nothing in the price range you mentioned.  Would you be willing to stay at a cheap hotel or an expensive hotel?
I would like a cheaper hotel.|Ok I Am going to book a cheaper hotel for you ,have a good day,thank you.
I still have some requests for the hotel, before you book it.|Okay what can I do for you?
I need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the east, moderately priced, and with wifi. Type doesn't matter.|There are 3 in the east area. Do you need free parking?
That doesnt matter. Choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on thursday for 5 nights. And do remember to send me the reference number|I hve booked it as requested, the reference number is 3W8OKRO8, any further questions today?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome.  Please have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I need a train to Kings Lynn.|What day would you be wanting to travel?
Friday please. From Cambridge leaving after 17:00|The earliest train leaving after 17:00 on Friday leaves at 17:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Can you give me the train ID on that one please?|That would be TR9226
Book it, please. I need a single ticket.|You have been booked for the train. Your reference number is 0UIC4MX9. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves international food.|The the missing sock fits that criteria and is in the cheap price range. How else can I assist you?
Is there one in the expensive?|No. There are two moderately priced restaurants with international cuisine in the centre of town. Would you like to hear about those?
Hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving gastropub food in the east?|There's one restaurant that fits your requests, would you like me to book a reservation?
No thank you. Can I have to phone number and postcode for that restaurant?|The phone number is 01223247877. It's located in the cb13nl postcode.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!|Have a great day as well.  I think you'll love the Royal Standard.
Thanks again for the information!|Have a great time.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. It doesn't need to include internet.|I have 2  guesthouses and 3 hotels available. Do you have a preference?
Do any of the hotels have 3-star ratings?|I have one with 3 stars in the expensive price range.
That's in the centre?|gonville hotel would fit all your needs
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Wednesday. And if I can have the reference number once booked.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BX2JNTSY. Thank you
i am planning a trip in cambridge|Great! Would you like to book a train to take you there?
I will bee a hotel called hobsons house.|What do you need to know about the Hobsons House guesthouse?
I would just like some general information before I book, what area is it in?|It's located in the west. Would you like more information?
That's good.  Book me in for 3 people and 4 nights starting Tuesday.|I have you booked at the Hobsons House starting Tuesday for 4 days for three people. Your reference number is P4RWFGM2.  May I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train leaving from cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
am going to stansted airport|Okay, what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive at the airport by 14:45 on Saturday.|There are 9 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by? We can narrow the results down that way.
Saturday, please. I will need the departure time, train ID, and price.|I think this train might work well for you.  TR6193 leaves at 13:40 and gets in at 14:08.  It costs 14.08 pounds.  Can I book this?
Not right now. Thanks for all your help though.|Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I need a taxi please.|Ok.  Where do you need the taxi to pick you up at?
Nevermind. I will not need the taxi after all. Thank you for all your help. Please book a seat on TR6193 for me.|Your train is booked for Sat your fee is 24.24 GBP and payable at station. Your ref. number is HGQGS7MX
thank you for your help today !|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.|Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train. The train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on sunday|okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Where are you heading to from Cambridge?
I'm trying to get to Broxbourne.|Train TR8736 leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01.
Perfect. please book it for 3 people.|I have it booked the reference number is IYHXK218 and the price is 42.96 GBP.
Great, thanks for your help.|Absolutely, have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant called restaurant two two?|Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like to book a reservation?
yeah i need a reservation for wednesday|for how many and what time please
I'd like to eat at 14:45. It will be three people.|your table has been reserved. The booking reference number is B1QT9YDW.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Great! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I should have mentioned this before, sorry for wasting everyone's time.  I need info on a place called museum of archaelogy and anthropology, what area is it in?|That museum is located in the centre of town. Their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. They also offer free entrance.
I also need to book a train for sunday|what time should it depart ?
I need to get from Ely to Cambridge, and I need to leave after 19:30.|Yes please book a seat on the train from Ely to Cambridge leaving after 19:30. Thank you.
Hi, I'm looking for a theater.|Do you have a location preference?
Not especially, could you give me a recommendation?|ADC Theatre in the centre is nice.  Would you like the address?
Yes, please. Also, what is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223300085 and the address is on park street, postcode cb58as
I also need a train ticket.|I'd be happy to help you find a train.  Where would you be departing from and where would we be going to?
I will be going to Peterborough from Cambridge. Hoping to leave on Monday.|What time would you like to arrive or leave?
The train should arrive by 19:00 and should depart from cambridge.|I have a train leaving Cambridge at 5:06 and arriving to Peterborough at 5:56. The price is 16.50 pounds per ticket, would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 7 people, and give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U0JGF786.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed today.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need some help locating a train for Saturday, heading to London King's Cross.|Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and would like to leave at 12:15.|There isn't a train that leaves at 12:15. The closest one leaves at 13:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Shall I book it for you?
That would be perfect. Book it for 5 people please and send me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : AJTE5TLW.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a cheap hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|I am definitely assist with planning that trip.  Do you want to start with booking a train, or search a restaurant?
Let's book a train, I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. Lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by 19:00.|It seems there are thirteen trains to Broxbourne arriving by 19:00. What time would you like to leave?
We're not picky, please book any train arriving in Broxbourne by 19:00 for 4 people.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your total fee of 71.59 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is B5E7R2LE.
Thanks! Now I need to find a Lebanese restaurant in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?|I'm afraid there isn't an expensive Lebanese restaurant in the city.
Is there any in the East?|Unfortunately, the only Lebanese restaurant in town is moderately-priced. Would you like to book that restaurant or should I search for a different restaurant?
What about one that serves indian dood?|There are 4 indian restaurants in the east. Did you have a preference on price?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.|I have 2 that are expensive. May I suggest Sitar Tandoori? Would you like to book that?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 10:15 on Wednesday, if that day is not available then try Friday and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : UYGNM1SV.
Thanks for all your help.  I think I'm good now.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.|Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.|What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter  as long as I can leave after 9:00.|I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?|There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range.|Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse will be fine.|I have four options.  Do you need free parking or internet?
Thank you! I don't need parking or internet.|What area of town?
It doesn't matter. Can you please recommend one and book it on Sunday for 3nights for 5|What day will you be staying?
As I mentioned already, Sunday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S0EZT0PL.
That was all I need.|Thanks for calling, and if you need anything else just ring us back.  Goodbye!
I am looking for a train that departs from kings lynn. I need to leave after 11:30.|I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge.|TR0864 will be fine with you. how many tickets do i book?
Can I get the travel time, and arrival time of that?|Travel time is 47 minutes and arrive by 16:58.
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel on the east side.|We have six, though all are guesthouses.
That's fine, can you find one in the moderate price range with free parking.|a and b guest house is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
I'm still thinking about it. Can you please provide me with the address and phone number?|124 tenison road, cb12dp. the phone is 01223315702.
thanks for all of your help today|You're welcome.  I hope you can decide soon.
Thank you for your time.|Good day to you too, bye!
Can you help me find a park please?|We have 5 beautiful parks in Cambridge. My favorite is the Botanic Gardens in the center. It's 4 pounds to get in, but definitely worth it.
That sounds great! Can I get their postcode please?|Yes, the postcode is cb21jf.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train going to cambridge.|I'd love to help! where are departing from and which day?
I'd like to leave after 10:45 on Monday. I'm departing from Ely.|There is a train leaving at 11:17.
make a booking for 3 people.|You're all set! Your total, which is payable at the station is 70.8 GBP. Your Reference number is : KCRPUI1L. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That should be everything. Thank you very much!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|Thank you, take care!
Hey there.  I am trying to plan my trip for Cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. It's called the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|The Sesame Restaurant and Bar is in the centre. The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I want to book a table for one for Tuesday 12:00.|I can do that, would you like anything else?
i need a train which goes to  birmingham new street and should arrive by 09:00|What day would you like to leave and what would your departure location be?
I need to leave on Wednesday and depart from Cambridge.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Um sorry but can we actually go back to the restaurant again really quick. Did you even really book that for me? I never got a reference number from you...|Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : WBI1HK2O. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's it for now, thank you!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|OK, what type of information are you looking for?
I need to find a train to arrive on Saturday by 11:45 going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.|Train number TR6163 leaves Bishops Stotford at 05:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 06:07. Would you like a ticket for this one?
Yes, I would like a ticket for one please.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is CQB3NI5K. Is there anything else?
How much is the ticket going to cost me?  Do I pay you?|The cost of the ticket is 8.08 GBP and it's payable at the station.  Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find places to go in town?|Yes, is there a specific type of attraction you would like to see?
Yes, what do you recommend for entertainment?|I suggest the funky fun house on the east side of town!
Ok great! What type of entertainment is that?|it's listed as "entertainment"
Of course.  Can you tell me the address and entrance fee please?|8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate	is the address but there is no entrance fee in our data base
Thank. That is all I need.|Happy to have been of assistance. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|sure, what can i help you find?
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving hungarian food.|There are no hungarian restaurant located in the centre of town. How about another food type?
Sure, let's try British food, please?|Yes, there are 3. I recommend midsummer house restaurant.
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for Wednesday? There will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 16:00.|I certainly can. Just let me call them and confirm the reservation. Can you hold please?
ok and get me the reference number please|Reference number is : TFUP32PH. Is there anything else?
I also need a train to Leicester.|Would you be leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
I prefer to depart after 16:45. Just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. Then give me the reference number.|IKCBZMLX Is you confirmation number, have you booked for seven tickets.
Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome. Do you need additional help with a taxi or attractions?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a train ticket to Cambridge, sometime after 15:45 if you can find one.|There are over 600 trains to Cambridge that leave after 15:45. Can you tell me the day you're traveling and your departure station?
departure is sunday from ely.|I found four trains, one leaves at 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 or 23:35. Which would you like to book?
I'll book the one that leaves at 17:35. What time does the train arrive?|It arrives at 17:52. Shall I go ahead and book it for you?
No. I'm looking for a a gastropub restaurant in the centre.|There are 3 gastropubs in the centre.  2 are expensive the other is moderate. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Yes, I need one in the cheap price range please.|There are no gastropubs in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like something else?
Ok, how about one serving italian food?|Pizza hut city centre, ask, and zizzi cambridge all are italian restaurants in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book one?
Yes. Can you please book Zizzi Cambridge for 3 people at 21:00 on the same day, Sunday.|I have reserved a table for three at 21:00. The reference number is OUN5OI0K.
Finally. Thank you. Pizza Hut. I ate there when I was a kid. It's a long story. I wonder if this one has a jukebox.|That's an interesting question, but unfortunately I haven't that information. Is there anything else I can help you with, though?
No. Everything is perfect. Thank you for your time.|Thank you for using this system!
I would like help finding a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are 13. I could recommend Trinity College on Trinity Street. Or would you like information about one of the others?
That sounds good. Could you give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|Of course. The address is Trinity Street, postcode is CB21TQ, and the entrance fee is one pound. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that leaves wednesday and arrives by 17:00.|TR3702 LEAVES AT 05:00 CAN I BOOK THAT ONE FOR YOU?
Does this train go to Leicester from Cambridge?|Sorry. TR2052 departs from leicester and the destination is cambridge. It leaves at 15:09 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please give me the reference number.|Certainly. Just to verify, are you traveling alone? You would only like one ticket?
Yes, I only need 1 ticket for myself.|How early do you wish to arrive? There are 11 trains that will get you there before 17:00.
I would like to arrive by 17:00 in leicester.|OK, I've booked one ticket for you on TR0451 from cambridge to leicester, arriving at 16:06. Ref# 8OZNJHMO. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need, thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good night. Goodbye.
Hi I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.|Let's see what we can find. I have about 17 options. Do you have a certain area you prefer or maybe a price range preference?
I would prefer moderate price range and wifi included|How about kirkwood house? It's in the north.
Is it a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please I need it booked for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Alright, I have you booked successfully, and your reference number is F74W1S62.
That's awesome. Can you also look for a train for me? I'd like to leave on friday after 18:15.|We have many trains on Friday after 18:15. To narrow it down, can you tell me where is your starting location for the train? And what is your destination?
So the train should depart from cambridge and go to london kings cross.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U4G7GGGH.
Did you book that for my whole group? 3 people?|Sorry, no it wasn't. I have updated this info for 3 people Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP. Reference number is : 5VJX8JWT. Anything else?
no that's all for now.  thanks,  bye|You are welcome.  Have a nice trip.  Bye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge that leaves after 10:45|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from kings lynn on saturday.|TR7578 will leave at 11:11 and arrive at Cambridge at 11:58. Is that okay? Would you like to book a ticket right now?
That sounds great. I will need 7 tickets please!|All done! You will owe 54.88GBP at the station and your reference number is GLBNK5OD. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to stay in the centre of town n the moderate price range.|There is one hotel under that criteria by the name of cityroomz, would you like more information or a booking?
How many stars does it have? I want a 0 star hotel.|Cityroomz is indeed a 0-star place.
Yes, I'd lie to book it for 7 people  for 4 nights starting Saturday. May i have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, and your reference number is VJX5F7UJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need.  Thanks for your assistance!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Which trains arrive in Cambridge by 17:15?|There are many at that time,can I get a departure site?
Yes I need it to depart from  norwich.|I have a train that arrives in cambridge at 16:35.  Will that work for you?
Yes, what is the ID and price, please?|The train ID is TR9266. Is there anything else?
And what is the price and departure time?|The price is 17.60 pounds. The departure time is 15:16. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book it for me.|How many tickets do you need to book?
I need a train on Wednesday|Where are you departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Cambridge. My destination is Birmingham New Street.|I've got lots of available trains that will get you there. Do you have a preferred time you want to leave or arrive?
I want to leave after 08:15, arrival isn't that important.|I have one leaving Cambridge at 9:01 and arriving in Birmingham at 11:44. Would you like to book this one?
Yes. Would you please provide me with the reference number?|I have booked you and your reference number is 93NZYRZQ.
Thank you so much.|Thank you for using our system!
I looking for an Italian restaurant that offers cheap food.|We've got about 5 to choose from. All of them are cheaper. Did you have a preference on the area?
I would prefer one on the west area.|The La Margherita meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Please book a table for 2 at 16:45 on friday and please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OWGTR8M7. Will that be all?
No. I also need a train.|We have many trains I can book for you. Where are you departing from and going to?
Departing Peterborough on Friday.  Heading to Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 09:45.  Do you have anything?|TR1662 departs at 05:19 and arrives at 06:09.  Will that work for you or would you like to try a later train?
That one is perfect. Thanks for your help. Good bye|I hope you enjoy the rest of your day too!
I need some help choosing a train to Leicester.|I can help you with that.  What is your departure site and day you would like to travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|Do you have a time that you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:00.|The TR7610 leaves at 21:21 and is a 105 minute ride to Leicester.  Would you like me to book you seats?
Great can you get me 7 tickets for that?|TR7610 we have booked your train sir ! thank you !
Thank you very much! Also, can you recommend a hotel in the South part of town? I don't need internet or free parking.|There were no hotels that matched your criteria. Would you like to try a different criteria?
how about the north?|How about the Ashley Hotel? They have free internet and parking, though.
Yes please tell me their postcode and star rating.|The ashley hotel has 2 stars. They're in the postcode cb41er.
Ok thank you. That's all I need.|Your welcome, it's been my pleasure to assist you. Goodbye
Can I ask you for a restaurant suggestion in the north today?|Okay, there are 9 different available restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
What types of expensive restaurants are in that part of town?|I have Asian Oriental, Chinese, French, Italian and Indian. Any preference?
I would like to try French and I need a reservation for 2 people at 12:45 on Friday.|I have booked you for Restaurant Two Two.  The table will be reserved 15 minutes after 12:45.  Reference number is 6BD74VBB.  Is there anything else I can do?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge and should depart from King Lynn arriving by 08:15|What day will you be traveling?
I need it on Friday.|There is a train arriving at 07:58 would you like me to book tickets for that one?
Yes, I need 2 tickets please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : SKG9JJLB.  What else can I help you with today?
that is it for today. have a god day|You're welcome! And thank you, likewise!
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday after 12:00.|I'd be happy to help you find something. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am leaving from peterborough going to cambridge|Train number TR9345 leaves Peterborough at 12:19 and arrives in Cambridge around 13:09. Would you like a ticket for this train?
i want tickets for 3 people and give me reference number.|Your reference number is : OYYUXXUM. Can I help with anything else?
im also looking for a place to go in town|We have many fantastic attractions! Would you like to narrow it down by area or type?
I don't care where- just a museum.|cambridge artworks would suit your needs. Can I get you more info on it?
Yes can I get the info please?|It is located at 5 Greens Road in the centre area of town.  The phone number is 01223902168.  The admission is free.
Thank you and what is the postcode?|Cambridge Artworks is in postcode cb13ef. Do you need anything else?
No thats all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hey any suggestions for good food? I'd also love to find a train that leaves on Friday from Broxbourne.|First of all, there is a train leaving Broxbourne for Cambridge every hour on Friday.
I would like to leave after 08:15 that morning.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No specific time, but I'd love the time and train ID.|First I need to verify if cambridge is your destination.
yes, i'm traveling to cambridge.|The TR3005 leaves at 8:32. It's travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
yes please book it for me thank you|I will book it for you now.
No thank you. I'm also looking for an expensive french restaurant.|I found 2 restaurants located in the north and centre.  Do you care about the area?
the centre please. can you reserve a table for friday please.|And for how many people?
It will be for 2 people on friday at 15:30|Okay, I've booked you a table for 2 at Cote on Friday at 15:30. Your reservation number is 6C4FPXC9. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
thats all i need for tonight. thanks for all the help. goodbye.|Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train departing from birmingham new street going to cambridge?|Absolutely. What day do you need to get to Cambridge, and at what time?
train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on tuesday|There are trains that meet those requirements leaving once an hour starting at 05:40.
Can you assist me with booking one?|Lets narrow down the time a little, the TR 3802 leaves at 17.40 and arrives at 20.23 so that gives you a little extra time, would you like me to book you?
That would be great. I also would like to book a guesthouse for my stay.|Okay, great. You have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, or stars?
Yes. It should have 2 stars and include free wifi.|I do not have any in that star range. Shall I try something else?
Maybe a star rating of 3 would be good.  Is there anything available?|yes when were you planning your stay and for how many people?
I need the reservation to be for 2 people and 2 nights please.|Okay! Starting when?
On Tuesday please.|I've booked your room for two at Hamilton Lodge. You'll be staying for 2 nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 3NT2B4SP. Can I help you find anything else today?
Thanks, that is all I'll need today.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I need a train that departs from cambridge.  I need to leave after 15:00.|There are many trains that depart Cambridge at that time, what day do you need the train and where are you going?
i am going to peterborough on tuesday.|I have 18 trains available.  What time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 18:00 if possible.|I have train TR6357 that leaves at 17:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 17:56. Would that work for you?
Thanks.  I also need a place to stay.  Can you find a guesthouse with free parking?|Would you like me to book the train? There are 21 guesthouses that offer free parking do you have an area you'd like to stay or price range?
I'll deal with the train, thank you.  I want a fancy expensive guesthouse, does that narrow it down any?|I have no expensive guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there another price range you would be willing to accommodate?
Please try for something in the cheap price range.|There are many guest houses that fit this criteria, do you wish to stay in a certain area?
I don't know the area. Can you suggest something for me?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is lovely.  Would you like me to reserve rooms for you?
Yes for Sunday for 3 nights for 3 people please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : MS9KDSFF. Is there anything else I can help with ?
No. Thank you!!|I hope you have a great trip.
Thanks for your help today.|Not a problem! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|It was my pleasure.
ok cool go away now|Yes. Let us know if you need help.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant, please.|I have 22 results for cheap restaurants, are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
I want a  restaurant that serves turkish food|Unfortunately, I do not see any results for cheap turkish restaurants, would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
How about Italian food instead?|I have 5 results that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you want to be in?
No, just give me the phone number and address for your favorite, please!|My favorite is Zizzi cambridge.  Their phone number is 01223365599 and they are located in the centre at 47-53 Regent Street.  Anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and goes to Peterborough.|Ok, can you tell me your departure city and if you have a time you need to leave or arrive in Peterborough?
I need to arrive by 18:00 and depart from Cambridge.|I have about 20 possibilities for your arrival time. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, just as close to 18:00 as possible. What is the price of the train?|Train TR5473 departs at 17:06 and arrives by 17:56. Would that work for you? The price of the ticket is 13.20 pounds.
Yes, thank you for the information.|Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket for that train.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 16VGQU3H. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all.  Thank you.|Thank you.
Is it possible to get a morning train that arrives in Cambridge by 9:15 or do you need to get there the night before?|There are plenty of trains arriving that early. Where are you coming from, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be coming in from Stansted Airport on Friday.|We have four early morning trains available that day, one every hour from 5:24 to 8:24. Would you like to book one?
Yes, please! The one at 8:24 please. 1 person. Give me the reference number.|I was able to book it, the reference number is O6ZSM73S.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.|I have 17 locations. Do you have an area of town you'd like to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north.|how about hamilton lodge? i hear they're great.
Sounds good. Could you get me the postcode and the phone number?|phone number is 01223365664 and postal code cb41da
OK book that please|When would you like to arrive, and how many guests are in your party?
Actually, I don't want to book yet.  Thanks for the information. I think that is all I need.|Thank you for using our services.  Have we met all of your needs today?
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Ok. Thank you and goodbye.
Can I take a train from stevenage on tuesday?|Absolutely. Where would you be heading to and what day/time would you like to travel?
I need to go to Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 11:15.|The earliest from Stevenage is the TR9263, and it leaves at 05:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:43. Would you like to reserve a ticket for this train?
Sure, I need to book it for 3 people.  Can I get a reference number please? Thanks so much!|Sure thing. The booking was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: PL3IZVMA. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel in the center area.|I have 3 hotels in the centre. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
do any of them have free parking?|Yes, two hotels have free parking. The only difference between the two is that one has a 3-star rating and the other has 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can I get the price range, address, and phone number for the 4-star place?|The 4 star hotel is in the expensive price range and its address is regent street and its telephone number is 01223351241.
What is the name of the 4 star hotel that you are referring to?|It's called the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book your stay?
yes please book it for me|I am getting that ready now, what day will that start.  I also need to know how many people and how long?
Actually I don't need it booked, I just need to know the price range, address and phone please.|It is in the expensive range. It is located on regent street and their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all I needed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|Alright. Glad I could be of help. Thanks for calling.
I'm looking for attractions in the east, can you help me?|There are a variety of attractions in the east. Are you looking for something specific?
Not exactly. Something that is popular. With and address please.|How does Cambridge Artworks sound?  That is located at 5 Greens Road, would you like a phone number as well?
Not today, I just need to get a train that will arrive by 08:45 in cambridge|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from ely on Sunday.|I have train TR1037 arriving at 07:52. That is the one closest to your time.
Okay, could you book that for 5 people?|Yes, I can. You're booked on TR1037 departing at 7:35, reference number O9MIRYW2. The fee is 17.60 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything on a later date.
Hello, I need to book a train at 07:15 leaving Cambridge going to the town center on Thursday for 7 people.|Sure I can help with that. There are no trains going to the town centre. Do you have another destination in mind?
Could you check for a bus?|I think we may need to recheck your intended arrival location. To where and from where do you wish to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge at 14:30.|And where are you going?
I will be going to ely.|What time do you want to arrive by?
Doesn't matter. I just can't leave until 14:30|There is a 15:50 train that will arrive at 16:07.  Does that sound good?
Does the train depart on Friday? Does it go to Stevenage?|I'm sorry, earlier you said you were going to Ely, but now you're asking about stevenage. What is your destination, please?
For Clarification: From Cambridge to destination Stevenage,, on friday, leaving after 14:30.|sorry about that, how many tickets?
just one person|There are five available trains, leaving every two hours, starting at 15:21.  Would you like me to book at seat on the earliest train?
Do you know how long the travel time is and the price?|The travel time for all trains is approximately 49 minutes and each ticket costs 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book you on one?
No, that is all thanks.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?|What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.|The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?|The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?|The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.|Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?|I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
I need help finding places to go in town. I want to go to nightclub type attractions in the centre of Cambridge.|Okay, how about Club Salsa? Or the Soul Tree Nightclub? There are 3 more options if you'd like me to list them.
Do any of them have an entrance fee?|Soul tree nightclub has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other 4 have a fee of 5 pounds.
Okay, thank you. I'm also looking for a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by 20:00.|I also need to know you departure location please.
The departure location is Cambridge and the day is Thursday. Thanks!|Would you like me to book the TR0481. It arrives at 19:58.
Can I book that for 4 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : YY5OJFYH.
Thank you.  That is all I need today.|Okay, great. I hope you have a wonderful time! Please call back if you need anything else.
Thanks for all your help|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi. Could you help me find a reasonable price?|I would be happy to help you with your request, could you be more specific on where you're departing from and on what day?
I'm sorry, I would actually like a restaurant in the centre that serves Afghan food.|Unfortunately there are no restaurants in the centre that serve Afghan food. Would you like to look for one in other areas?
How about a Chinese restaurant?|There's ten chinese restaurants in the centre. Do you have a particular price range you'd like to stay in?
A cheap price range.|There are three restaurants that meet your requirements:  Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House.  Does any of those sound interesting?
May I have the address for the Charlie Chan restaurant?|Yes, it's Regent Street City Centre, would you like to book it?
Yes, can you please book a table for four at 4pm.|I'd be happy to reserve your table for you. What day will the reservation be for?
Can you book me for Tuesday please?|Charlie chan is booked for tuesday at 4pm
Great, I am also looking for a train from Stevenage into Cambridge.|TR8306 leaves at 05:54
Do you have a train that leaves after 09:00 by chance?|TR2860 leaves at 09:54. Would you like to book your seats?
Not at this moment. Can you tell me the travel and arrival time?|The arrival time is 10:43 and the duration would be 49 minutes.
Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!|You are most welcome, have a nice day.
Will I be able to get a train out of London Liverpool Street that leaves after 15:15, or will I need to use a different station?|What day would you like to leave?
I need to be there on Friday.|There is no train leaving at 15:15. However there is leaving at 15:39 on Friday, would you like that one?
I don't have to leave at exactly 15:15. I just need to leave after that time and travel to Cambridge.  What are my choices?|There is a train at 15:39 and every other hour after that.
I would like to book it for Friday for 7 people and will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M0H2YQDY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  With free parking and one star.|I'm afraid that I didn't find any. Would you like to try for a different star rating?
Try for a 4 star instead.|Sure thing I would suggest this one arbury lodge guesthouse.
Okay can you make a booking for 4 nights from Friday for 7 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : T4EBBLA6.
Okay, great. Thanks for your help!|Do you need anything else today?
That is all I will need.|Have a great day and stay!
Good day to you too, goodbye|Thanks! And if you think of anything more that you need, feel free to contact us again!
I want a train leaving on Sunday and arriving in Cambridge.|I have 202 trains matching your preferences.  What location would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street any time after 13:15.|I have 11 trains matching your preferences.  Leaving every hour at :40 starting at 13:40.  Which would you prefer?
I'll take the first train at 13:40 for 7 people please and I will need the reference number as well.|Certainly, I have booked the train, your reference number is PG27S8V6. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you give me a list of places I can go once I'm in town?|We have lots of attractions! Is there a particular type of place or area of town you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for a park in the east.|The cherry hinton water play is just the place. Would you like any further info?
Yes can I please get that address phone number and entrance fee for the Cherry Hinton?|Of course. It is free and the address is  cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Phone number-01223446100
Great, thanks! I can't think of anything else I need right now, so you have a good one!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train leaving from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.|There are several trains leaving Kings Lynn on Tuesday. Where is your destination going to be?
I am going to Cambridge.|We have 19 trains that day starting at 05:11 and going every hour, any time preference?
Get me on one that leaves after 14:30|I have train TR8932 that leaves at 15:11 and arrives by 15:58. Would that work for you?
book for 3 people. also find me a restaurant in the central that serves traditional food|The booking number is 1MNBDNEH. Did you need to know anything else on the train?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves traditional food.|We don't have anything like that in the centre.  How about a different area or food type.
I would like a mexican food restaurant nearby also.|There are no Mexican restaurants in that area.
I like italian also. Are there any in that area?|Yes, there are 9! Do you have a preference on pricerange?
No. I don't. Can I book a table for the same 3 people at 18:45?|No I am sorry no mexican restaurants in that area. Another perhaps?
How about Italian food?|What day would you like that reservation?
Tuesday, 3 people, 18:45pm, italian, not mexican, please book and give me a name and confirmation number.|I have booked you at the stazione restaurant and coffee bar for tuesday. Your reference number is VBMXDETF.
Great!  Thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thank you! Bye!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hello I need a place to stay in the centre please.|I have 5 establishments in the centre. Did you have preference in price?
I'm looking to slum it a little bit, do you have any 0-star places?|We sure do! There is a guesthouse in the cheap price range as well as a hotel in the moderate price range. Would you like more information on these?
It should have wifi please give me the postcode|They both have wifi. Postcode for the guesthouse is cb11eg and the postcode for the hotel is cb12tz. Do you need any further information?
Thank you for that, I am also looking for a train as well. It should depart from cambridge on Monday.|Where would you like to go? Is there a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave after 16:00 and go to Bishops Stortford please.|The TR2530 leaves at 17:29.
That sounds perfect, but I just realized you never gave me the names of those two lodging accommodations. Could I have those please?|My apologies. The guesthouse is the el shaddai and the hotel is the cityroomz. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. thank you very much. Have a great day. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Any trains departing cambridge?|Yes, there are a lot. What day would you like to travel and where is your destination?
I'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. I need to be there by 20:45.|I would recommend TR9582 leaving Cambridge at 19:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 19:58.
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me on that train for 5 people?|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : NNYALFST.
I'm also looking for a place to stay?|What is your price range?
Expensive. I love luxury. But I do expect free parking.|There are a hotels in the expensive price range. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
No i do not do you have a reccomendation?|i will recommend university arms hotel. can i give you the contact?
Does the University Arms Hotel have 5 stars? I would prefer a place with 5 stars.|The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star establishment. I was unable to find any expensive 5 star hotels.
thanks whats the phone number and area they are located in?|they are in the centre and the # is 01223351241
Thanks so much. That is all I need today.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Sure thing!  I like acorn guest house.  Can I book a room for you?
Where is it located? what is it's star rating?|it is located in the north, 154 chesterton road	 and is 4 star rated
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday and the reference number.|Alright, got you booked. You're reference number is: 86WN2LDQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need to book a train for Sunday.|where do you want to go?
I need to get to norwich by 19:00.|We have 19 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
I need a train leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich, sunday. It should arrive by 19:00.|There is a train leaving at 17:36 that arrives at 18:55.  Would you like me to book that for you?
yes thank you.|You are booked on train number TR5291 leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 7:36, arriving in  Norwich at 8:55. The fee is 14.08 pounds and the reference number is YV651F9C.
thank you so much!|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|what would you like to know?
I am looking for an attraction called camboats, can you get me the address and postcode?|Yes, of course. The address of camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you.  I would also like some help finding a train.|Sure I can help with that. Where are you departing from and going to. What time would you like to depart and on what day would you like the train?
I'd like a train to London Liverpool Street that leaves after 10:00.|OK, let me see what I can find.
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|TR1750 leaves at 11:59 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book it for 5 people and can I have the reference number please?|Of course. The reference number is 8W9IC5MU and the total is 83 GBP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Okay! Thanks for using our service.
I need help finding train to Lodon Liverpool Street.|Thank you, I see there are several to choose from.
I need it to arrive by 19:45 on Sunday and I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Train TR1163 leaves at 05:59, is that okay?
Yes, I'd like to book it for 3 people. Could I get the reference number as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 121NE14K. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre, please?|There are 33 results.  Can we narrow down by type of food?
I would like a restaurant that serves venetian food, please.|There are no expensive venetian restaurants in the city centre. Is there another food type you want?
Sure, how about some British food?|There are 3: Fitzbillies Restaurant, the Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. Do any of these sound good to you?
Are all three of these expensive restaurants? If so I'd like to try the Midsummer House Restaurant. May I get their address please?|Yes Midsummer House Restaurant is expensive, it's located at Midsummer Common.  Would you like me to help you make a booking?
That was all the information I needed, thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train on wednesday .|I can find a train for you! What is your preferred point of departure and where would you be going?
I am going from Cambridge to Norwich.|There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday. Is there a time you'd like to depart?
I want to leave some time after 15:30.|I have a train leaving at 15:36. Would that work for you?
Yes.  Please book for 7 people.  Please confirm with reference number.  We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.|Your booking was successful and your reservation number is  R82TUJXN.
We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.|There are none in that area. Another type perhaps?
Bummer.  I could try Chinese.  Is there anything in the north?|I am sorry there is none even in the North
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the North area?|I have found 3 chinese restaurants in the north, they are either expensive or moderate in price range. Do you have a preference?
I prefer an expensive one.|Okay, there are two options. I recommend hakka. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45|Sure thing, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MSHI9TK. May I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to help you.
I'm looking for things to do, specifically a theatre in the north, what kinds of things are there to see like that?|There are no thatres in the north, perhaps another area or type of attraction.
What kind of parks are available in the north?|I have just one park. It is Milton Country Park located in the north. They offer free admission. They are located at Milton Country Park, Milton. Their phone number is 01223420060.
Great!  Thanks for the information!|Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train departing Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are quite a few trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.  I need to be there by 8:30|I have train TR0162 that departs at 07:06 and would get you there by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please book for 3 and provide reference number|Yes your reference number is CDE66IYU. and your reservation is set.
I'm sorry, could you actually amend that train reservation for 2 people instead?  Also, I will need the postcode for Milton Country Park we talked about earlier.|Yes, the reservation has been amended for 2 people. Your new reference number is BMDA0BI1. And the postcode for Milton Country Park is cb46az.
Thank you!  That should be all I need today.|Great! Have a nice day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|sure, what can i help you find?
I would like a train that leaves after 13:00 and goes to Cambridge from Stansted Airport. I'd like it to be on Tuesday.|TR6312 departs at 13:24 and arrives by 13:52. Would you like a ticket?
yes, make a booking for 1person 
Make sure you get the reference number|I will take care of that booking for you now.
Wait, I made a mistake.  I am going from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  Leaving Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday.  I still need just 1 seat.|There are 5 results matching that request. What time would you like to arrive?
Arrival doesnt matter, but it should leave after 13:00. Whatever you recommend. Please book 1 seat. I'll need a reference number as well.|I have booked you on train ID TR8714 leaving at 13:40. 10.10 GBP will be payable at the station and your reference number is I6L9J4IP. Can I do anything else?
Yes please. I also need a place to stay in the west with free wifi.|Is there a price range you'd like?
I don't care about the price.|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Which do you prefer?
I'd like anything with 4 stars. It should have free wifi and parking, in the west|May I recommend the cambridge belfry located on back lane, cambourne. Would you like me to book you a room?
Just my self for two nights starting on sunday.|Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. I will need a reference number, if possible.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 9AH9X57T.
Can you provide me with the telephone number to Cambridge Belfry Hotel in case i need to get further assistance on directions.|you can call them on 01954714600.
perfect. that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.|I am glad to help. Enjoy your stay !
I'd like to find a train that will arrive in Cambridge by 19:30.|I found several trains for you! Where would you be departing from?
Norwich on Tuesday.|TR2175 will arrive in Cambridge at 18:35. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book that train for 8 people and also need the reference number please.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is PLBFMNS9 .
could you tell me some of the places to go in town? college-like|There are 18 of them both free and with fees. Is there a specific area you'd prefer?
No preference. Would you recommend one?|I can, but to narrow it down more...were you looking to pay fees to get in?
Yes.  Please let me know the area and the entrance fees.  Thanks for your help!|I would recommend clare college, the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What part of town is it located?|It is located in the west. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, but that is all.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
i just want a place to go with a swimming pool.|I found swimmingpools in the areas of east, north and centre. Which would you prefer?
You pick the area as I don't have a preference.|Parkside Pools is a great place located in the centre, would you like more information?
Yes please. Get me the address|Parkside Pools is located at  Gonville Place.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I need a train, on Thursday. Arriving by 2145.|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from stevenage on thursday.|The TR9547 gets into Cambridge from Stevenage at 20:43. Will that work?
Yes, I just needed info for now.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye.|Have  a great day!
African food in the cetre of town /|It seems there is one restaurant in the centre of town, Bedouin. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is it in the cheap price range?|No, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a table?
no i need cheap. is there one that serves spanish food?|La raza serves cheap spanish food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Well, would you be able to give me the contact information, address and postcode? I want to be sure it's close to where we're going that night.|The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, phone number is 01223464550, postcode is cb23ll
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 15:00 and should leave on sunday|What is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge.|Excellent. And where are you coming from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street.|Ok, I have Train TR6946 leaving at 15:39 and arriving by 17:07, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please, just one ticket and I'll need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GSIGVNEW.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after 21:45.|The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?|I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?|The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?|Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking.|Okay, I have the alpha-milton guest house in the north area.  Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?
Can you help me find a train to cambridge?|I sure can!  Where are you departing from?
I need to leave Kings Lynn on Tuesday after 15:15.|We have eight trains leaving for Cambridge that day after 15:15. Is there any time you prefer?
No, as long as it's after 15:15. What times are available?|Trains leave at the following times: 16:11, 17:11, 18:11, 19:11, 20:11, 21:11, 22:11, and 23:11. Which would you prefer?
The 16:11 train would be fine. I'll need the booking for four people. Can I also have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 86PRM3M8.
I also need reservations for thanh binh.|What day and time would you like the reservation for? Also, how any people?
I want to reserve a table for Tuesday for 4 people at 20:45.|Your reservation for 4 people at thanh binh this tuesday at 20:45 was successful. Your Reference number is : AB4V9SVP.
Thank you, that's all I needed for today.|Have a great day!
Hi.  Can you please help me find a train to Leicester.  I need to leave on Monday.|Do you want to arrive or leave at a certain time?
Yes, I need to leave sometime after 20:00 from Cambridge.  It doesn't matter when I get there.|Okay TR9424 departs at 20:21. Would you like me to book that for you?
Could you book a trip for five people, and give me the reference number?|I have those seats booked for you. Your reference number is Q0B623JD. You will pay 189 gbp at the station.
Thank you that's all I needed today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm interested in places to in the centre.|i recommend old school architecture. its in trinity l;ane. can i give you the address
Yes and also the entrance fee and phone number.|admission is free and the phone number is 01223332320
Can you also help me find a train?|Absolutely! What day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
Thursday and going to Ely!|What time would you like to arrive by and what time would you like to depart by?
I would like to leave pretty early so I can spend the day.  I would also like to have dinner there so sometime after 8pm.|I have that you are going to Ely Thursday by 8pm. Where are you departing from and when would like to arrive?
I am departing for Bishops Stortford. I need to arrive by 10:15.  No departure preference.|Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the train ID and the departure and travel times please.|Yes I have the TR1923 that leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely by 10:07.
Okay. Thank you for your information.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling.
I want a train leaving from stevenage|When would you be departing and where would you like to go?
I would like to leave on Friday, and arrive in Cambridge by 11:30.|There is a train leaving Stevenage at 9:54 on Friday arriving in Cambridge at 10:43.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, that is perfect.  I need 5 seats please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8NKI5WL2. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I also need information on a place to eat called the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|The phone number is 01223308871. It is located on corn exchange street.
Could I get a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on friday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : GT4M0UVD.  What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call us. Goodbye.
I need a train to cambridge for tuesday. Would you be able to help?|What time do you want to depart by and where from?
I need the train to leave after 9:30 from London Liverpool Street.|Are you leaving in the morning or the evening?
I am leaving at 9:30. That is in the morning.|There is a train leaving at 9:39. Would that work?
Do you have anything leaving after 9:30?|There is TR5691 leaving at 11:39 today. It is 88 minutes and costs 16.60 pounds.
When does that train arrive?|The train arrives by 13:07.
Could I have the phone number please?|I'm sorry there is no phone number for that train.
Oh! Right. I need a phone number for a restaurant. A Chinese place, in the south, and on the cheap if possible.|The Lucky Star is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the south.The phone number is 01223244277.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No, thank you. That was all I needed today.|Alright. I hope you have a great day!
Could you help me with a particular attraction in Cambridge?|Sure! What type of attraction were you looking for?
I am looking for an attraction called Camboats. I need the address, please.|The plough, green end, fen ditton,	post code cb58sx. Anything else you need?
I would like a train the departs from cambridge and should arrive by 12:00.|Where are you headed to?
I need to go tot he Standsted Airport on Tuesday.|There are six trains on Tuesday that would get you to the airport by 12:00. They run every hour starting at 5:40. Which departure time do you prefer?
I just need to make sure I arrive by 12 pm.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 8 tickets please.|I have booked the train your reference number is L2E6AQ2L.
that is all i wanted for today. have a good day|Thank you have a nice day.
I love swimming!  Can you recommend a pool in Cambridge?|Parkside Pools is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No thanks. But can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223446100 and their postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a train that leaves after 18.00 on sunday|Sure, I would be glad to help. Where will you be departing from? Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive by?
I will be departing from Cambridge to Leicester. The arrival time does not matter as long as it leaves after 18:00.|The first train leaving cabridge for leicester on Sunday is TR9517.  It leaves at 18:21.  Would you like me to book a seat on that train?
Yes, please for one. I will need the reference number|I have it booked for you. Your reference number is knutp0u4. Can I be of further assistance?
No thanks, that's everything!|Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
I need a guesthouse, with parking that is free.|I would recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a guesthouse in the west that is 3 stars.|With that criteria, I only have one option. It would be the Hobsons House. It is moderately priced and offers free parking and wifi. Would you like to book?
entrance fee, address, and phone number|Phone is 01223304906. Address is 96 barton road. There is no entrance fee.
Okay.  Can you book the Hobsons House for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Saturday?|You got it! Booking was successful. Reference number is : INXJI4JD.
Great, thanks, sorry for the confusion earlier! Can you help me find a train, too, please? I'm traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on the same day as my hotel reservation.|I have several trains that fit that description. What time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive in cambridge by 19:15.|I now have seven results.  To help narrow it down more, what time would you like to depart?
Whatever gets me an arrival time closest to 19:15|I have TR 3474 from bishops stortford to cambridge arriving at 18:07. Will that work?
What is the travel time of that train?|The travel time is 38 minutes. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
That is all for now. Thanks|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a place to stay out in Cambridge. Can you help me book one?|I just need more information to find the perfect place for you. What area are you interested in staying in and the price range?
I need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. Should also be in the east.|I do not have anything there. Any other place you might like or criteria?
Yes try the north please.|how about acorn guest house? it's lovely
Is it available for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Friday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 98H31LT2.
Thanks! I think that's all I need, but let me check with my wife.|OK. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Ah, she reminded me, I need a train to Cambridge that arrives by 17:45. Can you recommend one, please?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.|The TR4351 from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday departs at 15:09 and arrives at 16:54. There are some that are earlier as well. Shall I book it for you?
I don't need it booked at this time. Thanks for the information.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thanks, I don't need anything else right now. Have a great day though!|You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Can you get me a train leaving after 18:15 departing from cambridge?|Sure! What day are you leaving? Where are you heading to?
I need to go to Norwich on Friday.|There are several. You can leave as early as 18:36, and as late as 23:36. Trains are every hour. Which would you like?
18:36, please. Book for 8 people. Give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: CXC7G5W9. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, can I also get a place to stay with free wifi and parking?|how about archway house?
Is it in the south?|aylesbray lodge guest house fits that criteria and is in the south.
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?|01223240089 is the number and postcode is	cb17sr  address is 5 mowbray road
Thank you so much for your help.|Not a problem, have a good day!
I would like to take a train from leicester that arrives by 16:15.|The latest arrival time is 15:54.
I need the train to go to Cambridge and leave on Saturday.|The TR9488 leaves from leicester	and arrives in cambridge	 at 06:54.  Would you like a ticket?
I just need to know the price of the ticket and travel time between Leicester and Cambridge.|yes please book it for me and i need a confirmation number
Hi, I need a train out of Cambridge, thanks!|Sure, where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to london liverpool street.|There are 70 trains available. Is there a specific day and time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to leave on friday after 15:30.|TR9956 I believe would be my choice.  Thank you.
OK, can you book that for 8 people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : SEJBN5KV.
Great, can't wait! Are you able to help us find a cheap Chinese restaurant somewhere near the city centre, also?|Certainly! There are 3: Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Do any of these sound like they'd be to your liking?
Yes, all of them are.  Can you get a table for all 8 of us at Charlie Chan at 12:15 for the day we travel?|Unfortunately I wasn't able to make that reservation. Is there another date or time you would like me to try?
Could you try 11:15, please?|I was able to get you at table at charlie chan at 11:15 for all 8 guests.  Your reference number is YZERKJXH.  Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that'll be everything I need!|Have a nice visit
I'm looking for a train departing from broxbourne.|Where are you headed?
I am heading to Cambridge.|How about TR5570 that leaves at 05:32?
I will need to arrive by 17:15.|What day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Wednesday.|How about the TR0788 train that leaves at 05:32?
Does that train arrive in Cambridge before 17:15?|TR0788 arrives in cambridge by 06:32.  Would you like me to find something closer to arriving at 17:15?
Yes, and I'll just need the train id and departure time.|TR5972 leaves Broxbourne  Wednesday at 15:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:32, The fare is 17 pounds 90.
Okay. Would you please book 2 tickets for that one?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : G2JZA2ZE.
I can't imagine why I asked you to book passage. I always buy my own tickets. In any case, thanks ever so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks for your service i enjoyed|Have a great day.
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please|I have 6 expensive British restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd like to be in?
No, there is no particular area I would like to be in.|I would recommend the grafton hotel restaurant, located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton on the east side of town. Do you need more information?
i would also need the phone number|01223241387 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train that's heading to Cambridge by 14:45.|OK, what is your departure station and what day are you traveling?
I'm departing Leicaster on Wednesday. I need a booking for 1 person with a reference number please.|I'm sorry, there are no trains that meet your criteria.  Do you have any alternative options?
I do not, thank you for the information|Okay, may I help you with anything else?
Are you sure there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday before 14:45? That seems odd to me.|sorry, there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday.
I really only need a train for that route. Thanks for your help.|Okay, sorry about that.  I hope we can help you in the future.
Help me find a place to stay. I need a cheap hotel in the east.|I'm so sorry, but I couldn't find anything fitting your specifications.  Would you like for me to look in another area?
I might be able to spend more if the hotel comes with free wifi.|Ok, the express by holiday inn cambridge has wifi but it's expensive. Do you want to book it?
No. Let me clarify. I am looking for a hotel or guesthouse but I would like it to be cheap and in the east with free wifi.|What price range are you looking for?
I need a cheap place to stay in the east area with wifi, please.|I cant find a entry,would you want a different location ?
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.|I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.|I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?|Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday|Okay. I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number|May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.|I made the booking for you.  Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T.  What else can I do for you?
I need a train.|I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|Yes what part of town are you wanting to dine in?
The north part of town, please.|Can we narrow it down by what type of food and price range you are seeking?
North and moderate. Looking for Basque food.|I'm sorry there was nothing matching your requests.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How  about Chinese food?|I have one option for you. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes. I want a reservation for 7 people this friday at 17:15 please.|I'm sorry, I am unable to book a table at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
Is it available on Saturday?|That worked! Your reference number is 4STNZY3W.
Can I also have a train ticket?|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I will be leaving from kings lynn to cambridge and I want to arrive by 09:15.|What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on saturday. Please choose a train and tell me the price, departure time, and train ID.|TR4257 Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MZ8979PO. May i help with anything else ?
um what? I did not ask you to book it. I asked you to give me the price, departure time, and train ID!|I apologize, that was my mistake. The train ID is TR9102, departure time is 05:11, and a ticket is 9.80 pounds. Is that all today?
No that will be all I needed today. Thank you and goodbye.|Have a great trip. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on Sunday from Cambridge please?|What is your destination?
I want to arrive at London Kings Cross.|What time would you like to leave by?  It is a 51 minute trip for 18.88 pounds.
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 21:30.|There is a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday at 19:00.  It arrives at London Kings Cross at 19:51.  May I book that for you?
No, I just needed the information, thanks.  Have you heard of the Meze Bar Restaurant?|I need more information on the restaurant because my system is not showing me anything on it.
I am looking for some place to go in the West.|No problem. Any preference on type?
Any type of attraction will do.|Great. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is located at 2-3 Castle Street and is free. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. I am also looking for a train for Tuesday.|Wow!  We've got over 400 choices.  Where would you like to depart or arrive?
I also need to get information on trains running from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|That narrows it down a bit. Is there a certain time of day you'd like to travel? The choices range from very early morning to quite late at night.
I would like to arrive at the airport by 08:30.|I have train ID TR0684.  It leaves Cambridge at 7:40 and arrives at the airport at 08:08.
Ok that sounds great, thank you! That's all I need for now.|Ok, I booked you on TR0684 tuesday leaving cambridge at 07:40 going to stansted airport with an arrival at 08:08.  Anything else I can help with?
Perfect! That will do it for today. Have a great afternoon. Bye.|Have a lovely day then, goodbye.
What fun places can I visit in the East?|We have five spots which include boating, museums and entertainment.  Any preferences that you have?
I don't have a preference. Which place would you recommend?|I'm fond of the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Would you like more information on it?
What is the entrance fee?|It is 5 pounds to get in.
Great, thanks! Can you help me find a train going into Cambridge as well?|I certainly can!  Where would you be coming from and what day and time?
I am leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge; I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 13:15.|TR0497 arrives by 12:23. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please. Book the train for 2 people. Please include the reference number.|Reference number is : PYPBSAXI. Is there anything else?
That's everything. Thanks again and have a great day!|Enjoy your trip!  Have a great time!
I'm so tired. Really need a place to lay my head for the nights. Can you find me some 3-star lodgings somewhere in the south?|Absolutely!  There is the Bridge Guest House which is moderately priced and The Lensfield Hotel which is more expensive. They are both 3-star establishments in the South.
Does the Lensfield Hotel include parking?|Yes, it does include parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book that for 6 people starting Thursday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well.|Your rooms for 6 have been reserved at the Lensfield Hotel. Reference number: P00B5C1R. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, I  need a trains going to london liverpool street.|Sure. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Tuesday and need to arrive by 13:15.|I've booked 6 tickets for you.  The total is 99.6 GBP and your reference number is VZX1QAGN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that seems to be everything. Thank you.|Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to get a train going to Stevenage.|I will need some more information. The train is departing from cambridge correct? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, departing from Cambridge. We'll be leaving on Tuesday, hopefully after 15:15.|How about TR5343? It leaves at 15:21. Your next choice is TR9883 which leaves at 17:21.
What is the price for TR5343?|It is 12.80 pounds.
I would like information on pools in the north.|jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in that area. Could I get you info on one of those?
How about Jesus Green Outdoor pool. Could I have their address and phone number.|Sure, the phone number for jesus green outdoor pool is 01223302579. The address is listed as between victoria road and the river.
thanks! that's all i need now|Is there any other info or booking I can do?
No, not at this time. Thank you.|Okay glad I could help.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.|Acorn guest house is in the north, would that work for you?
Yes if it has free parking, meals, pool and wifi. I want it to be in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Acorn Guest House is moderately priced, and does have free parking and wifi. Would you be interested?
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free parking, a 2 star rating, and in the moderate price range.|How about Ashley Hotel in the north part of town? It's on Chesterton Road.
Sounds good.  Can you book it for four nights starting on Tuesday?|No, I am sorry another day perhaps or a shorter stay might be able to get that booked for you.
Can we try it for 1 night?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is NTQSJSP0. Do you need further assistance today?
Yes. I need a train from Ely to Cambridge.|The trains departs from Ely every two hours at 5:52, 7:52 so on. What time do you plan to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by 21:45. Could you find me close to that time?|And which day would you like to leave on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please, can I have the price and depature times also?|Your best bet would be TR1537 which arrives in Cambridge at 19:52.  The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket and the departure time is 19:35.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you! Please feel free to contact us if you change your mind or need further assistance! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to cambridge that leaves on Saturday.|I am getting the train schedule on my computer as we speak, where will you be coming from and what time?
I'm leaving Ely and want to be in Cambridge by 12:15.|We have four trains arriving by 12:15. Is there any particular time you would like to leave by?
No, I don't need to leave by a particular time. I want to arrive by 12:15 though.|TR3052 will arrive at 11:52, would that work for you?
Yes, it would. Please make a booking for 3 people and provide the reference number. I will also need a place to stay.|booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : QSAS4UNL. what else can i do for you
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 4.|We have many to choose from, would you like a recommendation? or is there something specific you want?
No you can choose one for me.|Ok, I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, it's a cheap 4-star hotel in the centre, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please, 4 people for 5 nights on saturday.|Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JVTIZ6EI. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye|Happy to be of help, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a train to Cambridge.|Ok.  Where will you be departing from?
I want to leave from Ely on Friday.|Okay, do you have a desired time for departure or arrival?
I need to leave after 09:45.|TR0212 departs Ely Friday at 11:35, would you like to book a ticket for this train?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives at 11;52. would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just needed the information.  I am all set, thanks.  Have a nice day.|Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Yes, I would love some help finding a train. I would like to leave Cambridge headed to Bishops Stortford.|I have found 70 trains that will get you there. Do you have a specific day in mind?
I want to leave on Thursday.|There are 10 trains on that route Thursday, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I want to arrive by 15:00|I have train TR0927 arriving at 14:07 is that okay with you?
That is fine.  Please book it for 7 people and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PQQVSRVH. anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel as well. I need it to be moderately priced in the east, with free wifi.|There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes please that would be wonderful!|I recommend the Warkworth House.  It's a 4 star moderate goes house with wifi and parking.
That one will work. Please book it for Tuesday. 2 nights, 7 people.|Okay you are booked for the Warkworth House and your reference number is 5D2ZGIE. Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it.   Thank you for your time and helpfulness.|You are very welcome. Have a great morning.
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?|Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and WiFi.|There is the Hobsons House.  It is nice and is a 3 star guesthouse.
I want a train leaving from norwich.|When will you be traveling?
I will be traveling by train, on Friday.|Sure.  Can I just confirm that your destination is Cambridge? And, is there a particular time frame you prefer?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge. I would love to arrive by 08:30 please.|TR3339 is your best bet. It will arrive in Cambridge at 07:35.
Okay. Could you also help me with a a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with 3 stars.|Alpha Milton Guest House is a nice place,do you want more information ?>
I'd like a train to Leicester to arrive by 9:45.|Okay, where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave from Cambridge, please.|There are 28 trains, do you have a day preference?
I need to leave on Tuesday.|Train TR2863 leaves on Tuesday at 7:21 and arrives at 9:06. Would you like me to book?
I sure would, thanks.  I will need seats for 8 people.|Your reference number is : XNMIHQHK, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. Have a great day!|You as well, enjoy your trip!
What does Cambridge have for parks on the east side?|There is one park on the east side of town. It is the Cherry Hinton Water Play Park. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode, please.|The postcode is cb18dw. Can I help you with anything else today?
What is the address?|I apologize.  The address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need train tickets.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Can I get more information about when you would like to travel ?
Yes, I'd like to go from cambridge to bishops stortford.|Okay, what day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave after 10:00.  I need you to book it for 3 people.  I'll need the reference number.|Ok I will book it for you
I want to book a train for Friday.|OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what time are you traveling?
I want to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Friday.|Is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by 10:15.|TR8026 arrives at 7:51 and TR2000 arrives at 9:51.  May I book one of those?
I'm not looking to book at the moment, can I just get the travel time and price for TR2000? Thanks!|Sure travel time is 51 minutes and total cost of the ticket will be 23.60 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all today. Thank you.|You're quite welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.|Sure.  There are six different options in that area.  What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet.  I just for sure want a 4 star place.|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.|Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 544D87NG.
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?|Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
Hi! I need a train to birmingham new street.|What day would you be needing the train?
I will be traveling on Wednesday from Cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45 please.|TR8860 departs at 14:01 and arrives by 16:44. Would you like a ticket?
Could you just give me the train id and price on that please?|The train ID is TR8860 and the price is 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need today?
i would also  love to find a place to stay and should be in the east|Sure no problem. What type of hotel are you looking for?
need one in the east and have 2 stars.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I need a hotel in the lower price range that includes free parking.|You're in luck, I have 10 results that match that description! What area of town are you looking for?
Any area, really. But also free internet if possible!|They all have free wifi! I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse in the east.
Can you book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting Friday?|I have your reservation for 6 people starting friday and staying 2 nights, your reference number is XELL9B9J.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to Ely.|What day did you want to travel and did you have a time you preferred to leave?
I'd like to leave after 10:15 on Sunday.|I have train TR1159 leaving at 11:50 and arrive 12:07.  WOuld you like to book that?
yes please book it.|Sure, should I book for 6 people?
I do not need to book it, all I needed was that info today, thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called Nandos City Centre.|I know that restaurant well.  It is a Portuguese place located on Andrews Street.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No, I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.  Can you just tell me where it is on Andrews Street?|The address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Okay great. I am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after 08:30.|There are over 1,000 trains that arrive in Cambridge after 8:30. What location are you leaving from and what date are you leaving?
I'm leaving on tuesday and from Norwich|Okay there are two trains. One leaves at 5:16 and the other at 6:16. Can I book either of these for you?
No, those won't work at all. As I said, I need to leave after 08:30.|How about TR4134, it leaves at 09:16
That's perfect. I need to book the train for 3 people. Once it is booked, can I have the reference number?|I have it ready, you will pay at the station. Your reference number is fp0gzttn. Can I be of any further help?
No, that is all. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you. Have a great day!|You as well! Thank you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.|To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.|unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out|Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.|One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
Hi, I need to take a train on Sunday that leaves after 08:45.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and need to go to Leicester.|I have train TR3371 that leaves at 09:21 and arrives in Leicester at 11:06. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Please reserve 7 seats on it for my party and I.|Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : B7ID18CR.
I'm also looking for information on the huntingdon marriott hotel.|It is an expensive 4 star hotel located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number and postcode are  01480446000 and pe296fl.
That's perfect, thanks!|Can I go ahead and book this for you?
no, i just need their address.|It Kingfisher way in Hincibrook buisness park,huntington
Find me a train from london kings cross to cambridge please|sure, what day are you traveling?
I'll be traveling on monday|Could I get the time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to travel on monday, and arrive by 12:45|There is a train that arrives at 12:08. Would you like to travel on that train?
Yes, that would be fine.|TR5720 leaves london kings cross for cambridge at 11:17 cost is 23.60 pounds. Can I book a seat for you?
Yes for 8 people please. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 096H57VB.
Thanks, i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves french food.|Cote is a french restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you but I do need the phone number, price range and postcode.|It is in the expensive price range, phone number is 01223311053, and postcode is cb21uf
Thanks so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.|welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
Find me a train out of stevenage for Wednesday|Is there a time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30.|TR9448 is available, would you like to book that one?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E05ZQIF7. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a cool college to visit in cambridge. Do you have any recommendations?|corpus christi is very popular. It is located in the town centre. The number is 01223338000. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed to know, thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our service today.
No problem.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services!
Can I get some information on a train?|Sure! Please provide your itinerary.
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester on Monday.  I want to leave after 16:30.|I have a train leaving at 17:21 with arrival at 19:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I would like the price, train ID and travel time please.|The train ID is TR2696 it leaves at 17:21 and arrives 19:06 the travel time is 1:05 with a price of 37.80 pounds.
Perfect. Thanks for that info. Now please find me a restaurant that serves crossover food in the centre|There aren't any in that area, should we try another?
How about one that serves Chinese food?|Why yes I do. Ugly ducking has great chinese food and the rice house is pretty good as well
ok, what's the phone number for ugly duckling?|That's odd. Ugly Duckling doesn't have a phone listed. I can give you their address, or I can book a table for you?
i would like the address please.|The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
What is the postcode for that address, please?|Their postcode is cb21tw, is there anything else you need?
Thank you for all your research--you saved me time. Great service. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Are there any trains that arrive in Cambridge before 11:45?|Yes there are.  We start in early morning on most places.  Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am leaving broxbourne on saturday.|TR2025 will arrive by 11:32. Do you need anything else?
Yes, would you please make a booking for 8 on that train.|The booking on Train TR2025 was successful for a party of. The Reference number is : IHPHIR7N.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free parking?|There are 29 hotels and guesthouses that have free parking. What area are you looking into?
A hotel in the heart of the center of the city that is a two star hotel or a hostel. But is has to be in the center of the town.|I'm sorry, there are no matching hotels or guesthouses.  Can you try a different star rating perhaps?
As long as its in the centre and has a moderate price range its ok if it isnt a 2 star hotel. What options do I have?|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing anything in the center area with a moderate price range and free parking.  Are you flexible at all with this?
Sure, I can be flexible.  How about in the north?  I need it for 8, for two nights starting Saturday.  I need a reference number also.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : HZKM08KO. is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|It was my pleasure to assist you today. Please let us know if we can be of further help. Good-bye.
You are looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge|There are several. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I'm looking for one that leaves after 12:00 going to leicester|TR2129 leaves Cambridge at 12:21.  There are trains every hour after as well, if you would like to leave a little later.
That on will be fine, what is the price, please?|The price is 30.24 pounds.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a museum to go to.|What area would you like to be in?
I do  not care. I would just like some info on the one you think is best.|Okay I recommend cafe jello gallery in the west please.
What is the entrance fee and address?|It is free, and located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
Okay.  That was in the West Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 magdalene street and it's free.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|I am glad that I could assist you today. I hope you have a wonderful evening. Bye bye.
I am looking for a train on Wednesday departing form broxbourne|There are many results. Where is your destination?
I'm heading into Cambridge.|There are a number of trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time is flexible but I would need to get into Cambridge by 21:30.|There are 15 trains that arrive by 21:30.  Each train takes 1 hour.  When would you prefer to depart?
What is the earliest departing train and the price of a ticket for it?|The earliest train departs at 05:32 and is 17.90 pounds. Would you like a ticket?
That's okay. No need to book now. But can I get the travel time for that train?|The travel time for the train is 60 minutes.
Okay, thanks!  that's all I needed!  Have a good day!|Glad I could help!
Is there a good restaurant on the north end of town?|Yes! There are quite a few. Do you have a preference for type of food?
An expensive chinese restaurant please located in the north|There are two, one is called Hakka and another is the Hotpot. Would you like a reservation at one of these restaurants?
Yes, can you provide me the address of Hakka?|It's Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy. Phone number is 01223568988. If you'll tell me how many people and when you'll be dining, I'll be happy to book it for you.
I don't need a reservation right now, but I am looking for a train. I need to leave Wednesday after 15:45.|I have many options for you. Where are you going and from where are you departing?
I am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross.|The soonest after 15:45 is TR3843, departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving in London at Kings Cross at 17:51. Will that meet your needs?
Yes that would be fine. thank you|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all actually. Thank you for the assistance.|You are most welcome!
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?|sure their phone number is 01223354382. anything else i can help you with?
Thank you! What part of town is it in?|They're in the centre of town. They are an expensive restaurant located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes and also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:15 and should depart from cambridge|I'll need to know how many will be dining, the day and the time you want to dine to book the restaurant. There are several trains leaving cambridge after 13:15.
I won't need to book a table but thank you. For the train I need to leave monday and am headed towards peterborough.|Okay, I have the TR5901 that leaves at 13:34 and arrives at 14:24 Will that work for you?
First can I have the price and what the travel time is?|Train TR5901 has a travel time of 50 minutes and has a price of 16.50 pounds
Can you book it for me?|How many tickets do you need?
I'm not sure how many yet. Thank you for all the information. I'll get back to you. Goodbye.|it is okey, thanks and good bye too
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.|I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel.  It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings.  Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?|The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.|I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.  It leaves at 23:00.  Will that work?
That would be just fine can you book that for 6 people?|Your reservation for 6 on the TR7942 train was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 4SU5FYGN.
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Goodbye!
I need to book a train leaving Thursday from Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Yes. What time will you be departing?
I will be leaving Saturday morning at 08:45|Is it Thursday or Saturday? And where is your destination?
Sorry for the confusion I need to get to peterborough Thursday night.|Okay, and what departure or arrival time did you need for Thursday?
I need to leave after 20:15|The first train after 20:15 is the TR2178, leaving at 20:34.
That sounds perfect.  Can you tell me the travel time, please?|The travel time is 50 minutes. May I book that for you?
Yes, I'd really appreciate that.|I was able to book a train for 1 on Thursday from Cambridge to Peterborough leaving at 20:34. Your reference number is 9IP722K1
Perfect, thank you for your help!|Can I help you with anything further?
Nope, that's all. Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge that arrives by 12:15.|I'd be happy to find you a train; where will you be traveling from?
I will be leaving from cambridge and it should go to leicester.|I booked the train for you, it is train number  TR7195 , reference number RT2NOVFD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you very much.|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Actually, are there any parks in the east?|Yes, there is Cherry Hinton Water Play park on the east side. Entrance is free there! Would you like any other information about the park?
Yes, can I please get the address and the entrance fee? Thanks.|Sure, it's at cherry Hinton hall on cherry Hinton road. There is no fee.
Okay.  That's all I need now.  Good bye.|You're welcome please let me know if you need anything else.
Hi I am looking for a place to go in town, I want to see multiple sports in the centre of town.|I do not have any places with sports in the centre of town, I'm sorry.
How about a museum then?|There are 11. Did you want the museum to be free to enter?
Doesn't matter. Can you get me the postcode and phone number?|Okay, we got the broughton house gallery.  It's number is 01223314960 and the post code is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving by 13:45.|Departure location and destination, please?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.|TR6163 is available and will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07
Are there tickets available for four people?|There are! I've booked 4 tickets for you. The total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 5CJVK4K8. Is there anything else?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks so much.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo centre.
I want a train out of Stevenage on Saturday.|Alright, did you have a certain destination in mind?
I want to arrive by 11:30 at Cambridge.|There are three trains, one arrives at 6:43, one at 8:43, and one at 10:43, which would you like to book?
The one arriving at 10:43. I just need 1 ticket and a reference number please.|Great! I've booked your trip on Saturday leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge at 10:43. Your reference number is 5CWS7ER4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find an italian restaurant to eat at in the west.|There are two options. Prezzo is moderately-priced and La Margherita is cheap. Would you like me to book a table for you at one of those?
La Margherita is perfect for me, please book me a table at that one.|What day and time would you like the table at La Margherita?
Saturday at 15:15.|I was unable to book a reservation at La Margherita for Saturday at 15:15. Is there another day or time that you would like?
Could you see if there's anything at 14:15?|The booking was successful . Your reservation number is C9SBUT9T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it.|Okay, Thank You. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving on thursday going to cambridge?|sure, where are you departing from?
Departing from Broxbourne and leaving after 17:00.|TR1828 is leaving at 17:32, would you like to do that?
Yes please. I need reservations for two people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8BR3OQ5V.  What else can I assist you with today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to stay in the north part of town.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any places that are expensive in the north. Can I look for something else for you?
Could you please double check to make sure? if that's really the case then try the center|I'm sorry, but the north does not have anything to meet your needs. There are, however, 2 options that meet your needs in the centre. One 3 and one 4 star.
Can I get more info on the 3 star one?|Sure, Gonville Hotel is a 3 star rating hotel located at Gonville Place.  It offers free parking and free wifi.  Would you like me to reserve a room?
Yes, for 4 nights from Thursday, and 2 people.|Done! Your reference number is V43NQGH7. Can I help you with anything else?
Hey, are there any cinemas in the city centre? I want to catch a flick.|Yes, Vue Cinema is in the city centre. Would you like their phone number?
No, but can I have the address and entrance fee please and thank you?|The address is the graton centre, east road and the entrance fee is not listed unfortunately.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|I can help with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
depart from leicester and should arrive by 08:00.
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Hello, could you help me with information on a train?|Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 15:45.|Great I have  tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time.|the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?|Do you have a area of town you prefer?
I'm planning my trip there, but need to find a train for when I depart. Could you help me with that?|Sure. From where will you be departing, and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There appear to be hourly trains from 05:01 to 23:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Wednesday and it should leave after 18:00.|The TR1766 leaves at 18:01 and arrives at Birmingham new street at 20:44.  Would that be OK?
That sounds good.  Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Ok, I have booked you 3 seats on that train.  Your reference number is MI5RMEHQ.  You'll need to pay 225.3 GBP at the station. Anything else I can do?
Can you also direct me to some attractions in town in the east?|Of course! There are several attractions in the east. I'd suggest Cambridge Artworks; it's a museum with free entrance. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you give me the address and the phone number?|The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168.  Is there anything else that i can do for you?
No, that is all. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome.  Have a great trip.  Bye.
He, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants in Cambridge.  Can you tell me about some train schedules?|I can help you with both of those things. Let's start with what type of food or what part of town you would like to eat.
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the north with indian food?|Yes I have one restaurant matching your criteria called Royal Spice. Would you like their telephone number?
No thanks, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage in Tuesday.  I want to arrive before 21:00|Ok, TR6692 leaves Cambridge at 19:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 20:10. Will this work for you?
Could I get the price of that train please?|That ticket will be 12.80 pounds.
Thanks.  Now I think you could help me with an expensive Italian restaurant perhaps?|How about caffe uno in the centre?
Sounds good. Can you book a reservation for Tuesday at 22:00?|How many people will be dining at caffe uno?
I need the reservation for three.|Unfortunately I am unable to book at 22:00 at Caffe Uno, do you have another time?
Um I meant 14:45, my mind wandered, who wants dinner two hours before midnight, lol.  Same booking but 14:45 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MRKAMZJM. Anything else I can help with?
thanks alot.that is all i needed for today|Great! glad I could help!
Please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport|Sure, I can do that but first I need a little more information. What day would you like to travel as well as departure and arrival times?
Saturday leaving Cambridge anytime after 20:00 please|TR3128 will leave at 20:40 and arrive by 21:08. Do you need more information or would you like to book tickets?
Can you book me 6 tickets please?|You're all set. Total for tickets is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is JD6SA21J.
I am also looking for The Riverside Brasserie.|riverside brasserie is a modern european restaurant in the centre. Its address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane and postcode is cb21rt. Want to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it and get a reference number.|Unfortunately, I cannot book it at this time.
Can you try for Saturday at 13:00?|How many people will be dining?
6 people will be dining|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3VX3AOKS.
Thanks for everything you have been great!|Thank you is there anything else today?
No that is all I needed. Thank you ever so kindly.|Wonderful. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Yes, I need a train to Kings Cross on Tuesday.|Okay. Where are you departing from?
The main City Hall|I don't show that there are any trains departing from City Hall. Would you like another departure site?
Yes, please. I will departing from Cambridge.|And what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by 17:00.|There is a train at 17:00 going to Kings Cross. Would you like to book a ticket on that one?
I apologize. I meant to say that I need to leave sometime after 11:30.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, there is not. Any will be fine. I'll need tickets for 4 people, please?|Booking was successful! You leave at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51. Reference number 68ATC774.
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east.|There are 7 available options in the east.  What price range would you like?
How about something moderately priced?|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast has both wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes for 5 nights from Thursday for 4 people.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge please.|There are 70 trains leaving from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. Is there a particular time slot you would like?
I need a train that leaves after 10:15 on Tuesday.|I've got a train leaving 11:17 and arriving at 12:08, will that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, please book that for 6 people please.|Your total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is UQ49PB37.
I'm also looking for a museum in town. Can you recommend something?|There are 23 options. Would you like to search by area?
How about the centre?|Broughton house gallery is always lovely. That's located right in the centre and it's free to visit. Does that work?
Yes. May I have their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb11ln. Anything else?
No, that's all! Thank you so much for your help!|That's great to hear, I'm so glad to be of service. If at any time you need information about our lovely towne please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the west side of town?|Certainly! There are two great restaurants that meet your criteria. The first in La Margherita and the second is Thanh Binh. Would you like more information on one of them?
Does it serve creative food?|Unfortunately, no. La Margherita is an italian place. And, Thanh Binh serves vietnamese.
Thanh Binh would be perfect.|Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
yes, I want to book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H0BFXWTP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you find me a train from ely that same day?|Where would you like to go to?
I would like a train to Cambridge, arriving by 09:45.|TR3207 will arrive by 07.51. Should I book it?
Yes,  book that for 6 people. I would also like the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 113.28 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is A5ZWGBQ3.
thanks so much you have been very helpful|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge
I need a train leaving from kings lynn.|There are 133 trains leaving Kings Lynn, do you have a particular day you are traveling?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday, and I'd like to arrive in Cambridge no later than 15:30.|TR8143 departs at 14:11 and arrives in Cambridge by 14:58, does this suit your needs?
Yes it does. Can you verify the total travel time and price?|Sure - the travel time is 47 minutes, and the fee is 9.80GBP per ticket.
I also need a nightclub in the west.|There are no nightclubs in the west. Would you like to try another area?
Could you look up a college instead then?|Churchill college is located in the west part of town.
Could you get me the postcode and entrance fee for there?|They have free entrance. Their postcode is cb30ds.
Thanks a lot, that's all.|I'm glad I could help.
Thank you goodbye.|Enjoy your travels! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I need help booking a train to cambridge today.|There are many trains going to cambridge today. Where are you leaving from and what time do you want to depart or arrive?
I want to leave London Kings Cross on Monday and arrive by 18:15.|I have train TR7556 arriving at 18:08,is that okay?
I will need that for eight people.|Great your booking was successful and your reference number is TESIIRJ1.
Thanks can you also help me find some food?|Absolutely! What type of cuisine are you interested in trying?
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the south.
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|Frankie and Bennys fits your criteria, shall I book you a table?
Yes please, for the same group of people on the same day at 21:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UA39MMKX. You're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks that's all goodbye|Thank you for calling and enjoy your dinner.
Hi, I am looking for some train information for my trip.  Also, I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.|Ok.  I can help you with both of those.  Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from birmingham new street on saturday.|TR7802LEAVES 09.40. WHAT KIND OF FOOD DO YOU WANT
I'm not sure it that option will work for me. I need the train to go to Cambridge and arrive by 9:00.|I have several options, would you like me to book that for you. How many passengers would you have?
Yes please. I need to book for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LW32MFA7. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I want to eat at an Indonesian restaurant in the center area of town.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to check a different area or food type?
Yes, let's try North American food, please?|I do have one place. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is expensive and in the centre. Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please. Is there something available for 13:15 on Saturday for all 8 people in my group?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Z4WQXEDR. Is there anything else?
Thank you that will be all. Bye!|Good day, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that includes free parking?|Definitely! Do you have a particular price range or area in mind?
I need something cheap, but I am hoping for at least 4 stars. Is that possible?|We have a guest house that fits your description in the east, the west, and the center. Do you have a preference for location?
How about the guesthouse in the west? Do you know if they offer internet?|Yes and free parking as well.
Thank you, I also need to know if theres a train that leaves from cambridge after 14:15.|Okay! Where are you going?
I will be going to Ely.|What day are you leaving?
I'm sorry, the train I'm looking for should depart Friday and go to London Kings Cross, not Ely.|The TR2420 leaves at 15:00 and that's the earliest one I can get for you.
I need 5 tickets for that one.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 71ZIVN5S. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Is there a taxi I may book? Or would you like more info on anything?
no I think that is it thanks so much for all of your help today you have been great|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after 21:45.|There are quite a few options open to you, is there a particular destination you have in mind?
I would like to go to broxbourne|There is no train leaving at 21:45, but there is train departing at 21:59  do you want that train?
Does the train leave on Friday?|I apologize. That train does not leave on Friday. For Friday, I have two trains. One departs at 22:01 and the other at 23:01. Does one of these work?
Yes, the 22:01. Book that for 2 people. I need the reference number too.|Your reservation is confirmed forTR9312 Leaving Cambridge at 22:01, arriving in Broxbourne at 23:01. Your reference number is 59C0U68K. Total fee is 35.79, which is payable at the station.
Great, thanks. Can you also provide me with some info on a restaurant called Travellers Rest?|Absolutely!  That is a British restaurant on the west side of town.  It is considered to be in the expensive price range.
Could you please make a reservation for us at 11:15 on the same day?|I'm unable to make that reservation for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 10:15?|Your table is reserved for 10:15. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 3H26GVJV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!|It was my pleasure to help you today. Enjoy Cambridge and text us back anytime!
Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.|Yes, there is The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield road. Their phone number is 01223355017.
Do they have a guesthouse available?|No I am afraid there ae no expensive guesthouses in the south.
How about one in the moderate price range?|yes! i have two you may choose from!
Could you pick the better of the two and tell me the star rating?|The Ayesbray Lodge Guesthouse has a four star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
No, just get me their phone number and I'll give them a ring|The phone number for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 01223240089. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book a train leaving on Monday going to London Liverpool street, can you help me with that please?|I found ten, trains, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 18:30.|There are 7 trains meeting those criteria. They call cost the same amount. When would you like to leave by?
Any train just arriving by 18:30, can I just get the train ID and price of one of those?|I have one that leaves at 11:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 13:27. Train ID TR7276 and it is 16.60 pounds
Thanks.  I'd also like someplace to go in the west. Maybe some sort of attraction.|There are 13 different attractions in that area, mostly colleges and museums, do either of those options interest you?
Anything in the west that seems interesting, I just need the postcode and entrance fee.|I believe you might enjoy Queens' college. It is very rich with history. It is 2.50 pounds to get in and it's postcode is cb39et.
Thank you so much!|You are very welcome! Have a pleasant day!
Need the train schedule from ely to cambridge|What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling friday.|The first train leaves at 05:35 and has a duration of 17 minutes. Trains leave every two hours thereafter ending at 23:35.
Do you have one leaving after 15:30?|There is a train that leaves at 15:35.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number|Just to be clear, you want me to book 1 seat on train TR4389, departing Ely at 15:35. Is that correct?
No. I don't need a booking. Sorry. I do need help finding an attraction.|There are several attractions what part of town
I need a train departing from cambridge arriving by 17:45.|Okay! What is your destination?
I would like to go to Stansted Airport, please.|On what day do you need to travel from cambridge to stansted airport?
I need to travel on Friday. Could you give me the travel time, price and train ID?|Yes the train that departs at 16:40 has an ID of TR7062, and a travel time of 28 minutes and a price of 10.10 pounds.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'll need it to have a star of 2.|We have two options that meet your criteria. Both have free parking and wifi. I would recommend Ashley Hotel. Will that work for you?
That sounds great, thanks!|Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, I am not ready to book yet. But, can you please tell me the phone number and postcode?|sure phone is 01223350059 and the postcode is cb41er, anything else today?
No that's all I need for now. Thank you!|You're welcome!  Have a great trip!
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Bye for real this time!
Yes thank you.  I'd like to stay in Cambridge.  We're looking for a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|There are quite a few like that. If you're open to guesthouses , Limehouse in the north of town is nice. Or were there other features you were looking for?
Do you have one in the east with an expensive price range?|Yes, on, Holiday inn Exlpress, Cambridge, shall I book it?
yes, please. For 6 people for 3 nights starting on friday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is JBBPQWA1. Is there anything I else I can help you with today?
I need information on a train as well.  It should leave after 18:45.|Could you please clarify your departure location and arrival destination?
Coming to Cambridge from broxbourne on Friday.|I have train TR5056 that departs at 19:32 and arrives by 20:32. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would work for me.I will just need the price, train id and travel time.|TR5056 costs 17.90 pounds and the duration is 60 minutes.
Okay thank you that's all I needed.|It was a pleasure serving you. I do so hope that your stay in Cambridge is pleasant. Goodbye!
My friend recommended Little Seoul, but I need some help locating it.|little seoul is in the centre of town at 108 Regent Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223308681.
Great!  Can you help me book a table for Wednesday?|I'll be happy to book you a table for Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes make a booking for 5 people at 15:15 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is B0ZSF0CI.
Yes, I need a train departing cambridge going to leicester.|I found 133 trains for you, what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 13:15 on Thursday.|train id TR1160 fits your criteria. can i book for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Done! Your total is 189 GBP (you can pay at the station) and your reference number is 4VLDG178. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Bye! Have a great day!
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.|There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.|I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.|I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house.|Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
No thank you. I just need their phone number for now.|their phone number is 01223304906. is that all?
Yes, that is all I will be needing for now.|Okay, have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for information for my upcoming trip.  Can you help me with some attractions?|Absolutely. Which area of town will you be visiting?
I'd like something in the east.|There are many attractions in the east, including boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, and sports. Are you interested in anything specific?
No, It doesn't matter pick something for me.  I'll need to know what the entrance fee is though.|I would suggest the funk fun house. I do not have an entrance fee listed but you can call them at 01223304705.
That sounds interesting, what type of attraction is it?|There are quite a few options in the center. And most museums  are free to enter.
What type of attraction is the Funk Fun House?|It is an entertainment attraction.
Great. I also need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|There are 202 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, arrival time, or departure time?
Yes, the train should leave after 9:00. I'm departing from ely. I'll need the arrival time and travel time, please?|The earliest is TR4212 which leaves at 09:35. It arrives by 09:52 and takes 17 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves indian food.|Curry Garden at 106 Regent Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, what are their hours of operation?|What day and time would you like to book a table?
On Friday please at 19:30 for a party of 5 please.|Your reservation has been made for friday at 19:30 for 5 people at Curry Garden. The reference number is APDCC4GS. Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome. Have a nice day.
I would also like to book a train departing from Cambridge after 15:30.|I'm happy to help with that. Where would you like to go? Do you have a day in mind?
I'd like to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday. There will be 5 of us. Can you book that?|5 tickets for train TR0638 departing from Cambridge at 15:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 15:08 this Saturday. The fee is payable at the station. Reference number: MVIBVUVE.
Thanks thats all.|You are very welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.|Have a great day.
Thanks, you too, can I just close this dialogue?|Yes you are all set thank you for using our system.
I need a train to cambridge that leaves after 13:30.|There are several trains that are going to Cambridge at that time where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.|Train TR4840 leaves at 14:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
First, I'd like to know the arrival time for it.|That train arrives at 14:58. Is there any other information you need before making your decision?
No, thanks. I also need a room in the north with free parking.|There are 2 hotels and several guest houses available in that area. Is there a particular price range you need?
As long as it is 2-star rated and moderately priced, I'm pretty flexible about all the rest.|Okay we have the ashley hotel, would you like a booking?
Yes, please book the Ashley for 2 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The Reference number is YN5OGYA7. What else can I do for you?
That should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Would you like for me to go ahead and book train TR4840 for you?
No thank you. Good bye.|Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for some train information. Could you tell me what trains leave on Wednesday for Norwich?|There are 19 entries found. Where would you be coming from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and I need to arrive by 12:00.|There is a train that arrives at 11:55. The trainID is TR9635. Would you like me to book that?
Sure, that sounds great.|How many seats would you like?
just one.|You have been booked!
thanks!|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much!|You are welcome! Have a safe trip!
I would like to take a train to leave cambridge.|I have 1,414 trains that are departing Cambridge this week. What day will you be traveling on?
I'm going to peterborough on wednesday|The TR3347 meets your current criteria, but you have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 20:30.|TR0797 leaves cambridge at 19:34 and arrives in peterborough at 20:24. Would you like to book tickets for this train?
Yes please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total for 5 people is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is 4G3J82OG. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a guesthouse that has free wifi|There are lots of options.  What area would you like to stay in?
I'm not picky. Where would you recommend that is in the moderate price range? I'll need free parking, too.|There are 12. Is there a star rating you would like?
Honestly, I always stay at the same place when we travel there, so I could really use a recommendation. Any one will do just with wifi and moderate pricing.|I would recommend the Kirkwood House. It is located in the north. It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi. They are located at 172 Chesterton Road.
Yes, I would like to book this.  There are 5 people that will be staying for 4 nights starting Saturday.  Can I get a reference number?|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is ZNMV4ENM.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you very much. That is all.|You're welcome, I was glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of anything else you need.
Hi, could you find me a train that leaves on Thursday from Bishops Stortford?|Sure. What is your destination?
I am headed to Cambridge. Also, I will be out late the night prior so please nothing before 10:00|There is a train leaving at 11:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, not yet.  I just really need to know the travel time for now.|The travel time for that train is 38 minutes. The one that leaves at 11:29 will arrive by 12:07.
Thanks! I also need a place to stay with free parking and a 3 star rating.|There are 3 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from, peppered all around the city. Which do you prefer, and what area of town would you like to be in?
I would prefer a hotel in the centre of town please.|The Gonville Hotel meets all of your requirements. It's an expensive hotel (not a guesthouse) in the city centre. They offer free wifi and parking and have a 3-star rating.
Can you please provide the address of the Gonville Hotel?|Sure, the Gonville Hotel is located at gonville place, post code cb11ly.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that should do it. Thanks a lot. Take care. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
I need a train from stevenage to cambridge|There are 70 results. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to leave?
I need to leave on saturday and arrive by 18;30|TR0545 can get you there by 16:43, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please get me 5 tickets for that|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DZN9X4BU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|There are 9 restaurants in the west that are considered expensive. You have a choice of Thai, Indian, British or European. Which do you prefer?
I'd love to have some Indian food.|There are 5 Indian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please! Can you make a reservation at your favorite for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day as the train?|Ok, I've booked you and your guests for Saturday at Tandoori Place, 68 Histon Road Chesterton, Reference # 170ZCNIC.
Thank you very much.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
Hey!  Yeah I am looking for a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.  Particularly interested in international food.|If you're interested in cheap international food, I recommend dining at The Missing Sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
That sounds great.  Can you book me a table for 12:00 on Sunday for 5 people please?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : RTMFJMPT.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all  needed , good bye.|Thank you have a great day.
I would like to book a moderately priced Italian restaurant if you can find one please.|We have a few options available to you, is there a particular area you are looking for?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves italian food in the moderate price range.
The restaurant should be in the east.|I have one place. It is the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. They are located on Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Can I reserve you a table?
Sure. I need a reservation for 4 people at 17:00 on Sunday.|I was unable to book you at that day and time.  Might you consider another day or perhaps another time?
Can you try 16:00 instead please?|That time worked! Your reference number, should you need it, is FVNMSUUO. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Need anything else today?
Yes I need a train going to broxbourne Monday.|Trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne leave every hour starting at 5:01 AM. At which time would you like to leave?
After 13:30 on Monday.|TR9605 leaves at 14:01 and arrives at 15:01, the cost per ticket is 17.9 pounds.  Would you like me to book you?
I don't think I'll book just yet, but thank you for the information. To confirm, the travel time is 60 minutes?|Yes it's 60 minutes, is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that will be all. Thank you.|Have a pleasant stay. If there is nothing else, thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I want a train leaving on sunday.|Yes sure. I will need your departure and arrival destinations.
I am leaving from Stevenage going to Cambridge.|I have 10 trains for you. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00 please.|Okay, how about the TR7802? It departs at 09:54.
That's fine. Could you book this for me, there will be 5 people.|I have booked 5 tickets from Stevenage to Cambridge living on Sunday at 9:54 and arriving at 10:53.  Your total fee is 51.2 GBP. Reference # is GZ0LOZQV
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a specific area of town you were looking at?
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel in the center with free parking and wifi.|I don't have anything that meets that criteria. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one in the north?|Yes, there are 9 places to stay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
It doesn't matter to me. Whichever place you recommend will be fine. I'll need to book for the same people, same day, and 3 nights.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9RCTPPN
That you, thats all I needed today.|Ok! Have a wonderful day!
I need a train that departs from cambridge and should leave on thursday.|What is you destination?
I am heading to Peterborough and need it to leave after 13:00.|There is a train at 1:06 pm on thursday, it is a 50 minute ride. Should I book?
Yes please book 7 tickets.|Reference number is : G2KRNAR7. AND PRICE IS 115.5 GBP
Thanks. What's interesting in the way of attractions in the centre of town?|All Saints Church on Jesus Lane is very interesting.  Admission is free and it has the most impressive architecture I've seen.  Does that interest you?
Definitely - can I have their phone number?|The phone number is 01223452587, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your help, I think that will be everything today!|Okay. Glad I could help.
Please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.|Okay. What day would you like to travel?
I will be traveling on thursday.|I have 19 trains going from Cambridge to Leicester on Thursday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would love to leave after 12:15 please.|There are no trains that leave after 12:15.
Okay, do you have any other suggestions?|I believe that the TR0822 leaving 12:15 would be great for you. Should I make a booking for you?
I also need a place to stay in the north area.|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
It don't matter as long as it is cheap. I need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday|I was able to book you a room for 2 at city centre north b and b, the reference number is 57F4S22N. Do you need any more assistance?
No, that's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the assistance!|Okay great! Glad I could help.
I need a list of available trains leaving from Cambridge after 2pm.|I have a train leaving at 15:00 on friday from 	london kings cross.
I actually need to leave from Cambridge and go to Kings lynn. I also need to travel on Wednesday.|There are 10 trains travelling that way. By what time  do you want to arrive?
What's the soonest arrival time?|The soonest arrival time I have is 14:58.
So the one that arrives at 14:58 that also leaves at 14:00? Because I need it to leave after 14:00.|Yes. TR8793 departs Cambridge at 14:11 and arrives at 14:58. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I would also like a place to eat that serves european food, is expensive, and in centre area please.|there are two expensive european restaurants and one expensive modern european restaurants in the centre
I would like one of the European ones, please.|We have the eraina and michaelhouse cafe. Which one sounds better to you?
I would like the eraina, can I get the reference number please?|I can certainly book that, how many people will be dining?
I would like to book a table for 8 at 11:45 on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number as well, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 5MMTA7HY.  Will you need assistance with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance! I will definitely use this service again. Have a good day.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I want a train leaving on sunday.|OK, where are you headed and what time do you need to travel?
I need to arrive by 13:15 and I am leaving from broxbourne going to cambridge.|TR1426 arrives by 12:32, would you like me to book you?
Not just yet. What's the cost for a ticket on that train?|The price is 14.32 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
I am trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house|That is a great place to stay on the north side. What would you like to know about it?
I need to know the prive range.|The price range for the Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderate. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that would be all.|Thank you for contacting us today. Have a great day.
I need to find a train to take to Cambridge please.|There are over 1,400 results, can you provide me with more information? Such as departure site, day and time of travel.
I need to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Friday. I would like to leave after 19:15, please.|TR5056 leaves at 19:32 would that work for you?
It may work... what time does it arrive in Cambridge?|Train TR5056 arrives in Cambridge at approximately 20:32. Shall I book that for you?
No but I also need info on the parkside pools attraction.|Of course! It's a swimming pool in the centre at gonville place cb11ly and the phone number is 01223446100. May I help with anything else?
Can I please have the address to the swimming pool?|The address is just "Gonville Place", postcode cb11ly.
Thank you that is all the information I need today.|I'm glad I was able to assist you. Have a good day.
I'm looking for somewhere fun to go in the west part of town.|We have an entertainment venue called Whale of a Time in the west.
That sounds good. What is their phone number, address, and entrance fee?|The phone number is 01954781018.
how much is admission?|The admission fee is not currently available, so you may want to call their box office.
looking for a train. The train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 19:00.|Okay, where are you headed and where are you departing from?
First can I get the address for Whale of a Time?|Sure, the address is Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill.
For the train, I am leaving Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|TR5928 leaves Cambridge at 19:29 and arrives by 20:07, making it a 38 minute trip.  It costs 10.10 pounds.  Do you need me to book some seats for you?
Yes please. I would like one seat.|Okay. I booked you one seat on TR5928. The reference number is D42F8OSX and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Thank you for your help, that is all for now.|Thanks for choosing to stay in our city, enjoy the trip!
I need a train that leaves after 10:00 on Wednesday.|I can assist you with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I'd like to depart from Cambridge, going to london kings cross.|How about TR9781 leaving Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday?  It leaves at 11:00 and gets in at 11:51.  It costs 23.60.  Can I book this?
No, I don't need a booking at the moment. What's the travel time?|The travel time is 51 minutes. Will that be all for today?
Not quite yet. I'm also looking for a moderately priced hotel.|What area would you like to stay in?
In the north. I really prefer 4 star hotels.|The best that we have in the moderate price range is 2 stars. Could I help you find something else?
How about a guesthouse?|It looks like there are a number of guesthouses in the north, would you like to look for a certain price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range|i have 7 moderately priced hotels. do you need free parking and internet?
I would also want something 4 star rated. I don't need the free parking or wifi but if it comes with it thats fine.|How about the acorn guest house?
Sounds good.  Can you book it for 5 nights starting Friday?  There are 4 of us.|I will check their availability.
Okay, thank you. I'll need the reference number for the booking.|Okay, I have it booked for you.  Your reference number is  FTI92D9B. Anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need to book a train that leaves after 08:45 on Sunday|I can help!  Where are you traveling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and want to depart from Birmingham New Street. What are my options?|The TR9714 leaves at 09:40.
Can you please provide me with the arrival and travel time? Thank you|The arrival time is 12:23, and it's a long trip - 163 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am looking for colleges to visit in town.|Okay, there are 18 in town! What part of town would you like to go to?
Whichever one wherever you like best please.|I personally like to visit Christ's College myself.  And, it's free to enter.  Would that work for you?
That sounds great.  Can you give me the address and phone number?|Their address is saint andrew's street, and their phone number 01223334900.
Great, thanks so much, that's all that I need!|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, we hope you enjoy your trip!
Need a place to eat, modern euro food at the centre.|There are 4 Modern European places in the centre. Which price range is best for you?
If you could recommend the best one, that would be great.|I believe Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is popular. It is at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation?
ok great I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and should leave after 15:00|Which day would you be traveling?
I'd like to arrive in Cambridge on Wednesday if possible.|Train TR5972 departs broxbourne on Wednesday at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Not at this time, thanks. But I appreciate the information. That's all for today. Thanks. Bye.|You're welcome, have a lovely day.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great! Cambridge has many restaurants! Is there a certain type of food you'd like or a certain price range?
Maybe I should figure out my train first.  I am departing from Ely on Friday and want to get to Cambridge by 9:30.|The TR8510 leaves at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I will need 5 tickets.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is EVDO33LE. 22 GBP is your total and it's payable at the station.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the West and really want to have Brazilian food.|that type of food is not served in the west. can we change location?
let's change location and the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|It looks like there aren't any expensive Brazilian places in the city.  Would you like me to check a different price range?
Can you see if there are any expensive european food?|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant will fit your needs. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please, 5 people on friday at 13:30|Booking was successful! Your reference number is : JQ9093PX.
I think that should be it for today! Thank you so much for your help, you've been very kind!|i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great day.|have a great day and thanks for staying with us
I am new in town and I was wondering if you knew any good nightclubs or a hot spot similar to one nearby.|I have 6 local nightclubs listed. Five are located in he center area and one is in the south. Which are you interested in?
Five that are located in the center area.|The nightclubs in the center of town are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree, and the fez club.
Can I get the phone number and address of Ballare?|The phone number is 01223364222. The address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. Can you book a hotel for the same evening?|Yes, would you like that to also be in the centre area?
Actually, I don't need a hotel. I do need a train to Ely on Sunday, though. I'll be leaving from Cambridge after 17:45.|The first train to leave after 17:45 leaves at 17:50. Would you like to me to book that for you?
Can I get the price, travel time, & arrival time?|3.52 pounds, it arrives at 18:07 after a 17 minute travel time. Is there anything else you need?
That is everything. Thank you for the help!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
Hello I am looking for a restaurant that serves Italian food and I need it to be cheap.|There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No there isn't.|How about something local, such as Zizzi Cambridge? It's located at the centre.
That sounds good can you please give me the address and phone number?|Sure thing! Zizzi Cambridge contact info: Phone: 01223365599 	Postcode: cb21ab 	Address: 47-53 Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Yes I need a table for two.|What day and time would you like the booking for?
I don't know.|How about this Tuesday at 17:00? I can check if they have any available tables.
Sure that sounds good.|I'm sorry could you confirm what restaurant you wanted to reserve a table for 2 at?
Zizzi Cambridge please|thanks for booking the reservation.  Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Do you want to stay in a certain area?
No,I am actually looking for information about trains going from Cambridge to Norwich on Sunday.|There are 19 trains available on that day. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Arrive by 11:30.|I'd recommend TR4969. It arrives by 10:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book 3 tickets.|I have booked 3 tickets on TR4969. Your reference number is MPL4USAC and the total fee is 42.24, payable at the station. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great I'm also looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range with free parking.|What area of town could you like the hotel to be located?
I would lkle to stay In the north please.|There are none with that criteria in the North. Shall I change or try another area?
Could you try a cheap one then?|I have 2 guesthouses, when are you planning your stay, I am sorry
I need a cheap guesthouse in the north.  I'm looking for information not reservations.|Ok great. There are two places available. I highly suggest the Worth House. What information do you need?
Could you tel me the star of the hotel?|It is a 4 star hotel.
great, thank you for your help. goodbye|Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking and free wifi?|There is lots of places to stay. Do yo have any more preferences ?
Yes I would like a guesthouse in the north.|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
That sounds great do they have a room for just me? I'm checking in Thursday and will be staying 4 nights.|Yes, they have a room available for you and it's booked for 4 nights starting Tuesday, your confirmation number is VRN7SQL2.
i am also looking fora train from cambridge on monday|What is your destination?
I am going to Stevenage.|There are 10 available trains that day. Could you please provide me with your departure time and what time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:30.|The TR9082 departs at 19:21. Would you like me to create a booking for you?
No need to book. Can I please get the travel time for that train please?|The trainID TR9082 and will leave at 19:21 and arrive at 20:10.  The cost is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thanks so much. I appreciate the help.|There is another train, TR6530, that leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22.10.  The cost is 12.80 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I get the travel time for that train?|Sure the travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to make a reservation for that train?
That was all I needed today, thanks!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for some good Australasian food. I would like an expensive restaurant also.|I don't have matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
And I would like something Australasian, or if you can't find that, Chinese, at least.|Great, we have several Chinese restaurants that are expensive. Do you have a preference on what area it is in?
Any area is fine with me, I can drive there.|Is there a certain price point?
I would like a Chinese restaurant the is expensive.|The Yu Garden is highly recommended, shall I book a table for you?
Yes a table for four please.|what day and time?
Wednesday at 14:45 if that is not available please try Saturday at the same time. Can you send a reference number please?|Booking was successful for Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VRHKSK2R. Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, I want to arrive by 10:30.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was that for the same day?
Yes please. for 4 people as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : X5HDVSZ6. Anything more?
no that is it. thanks for your help|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I want to go to a restaurant in the south of Cambridge that serves Spanish food.|There are no restaurants in the South that serve Spanish food. Would you like me to try another area?
Sure, what is the closest restaurant nearby?|I have one in the centre of town would that be okay?
I would prefer it to be in the south and be expensive.|I am very sorry, but the only Spanish restaurant I can locate is in the centre and has moderate price range.  Can I give you more information on it?
Can you find me a cheaper place. The type of food doesn't matter.|The dojo noodle bar may be a good option for you.
Sounds good.  Can I get the postcode please.  Also, I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.|The postal code for the Dojo Noodle Bar is cb21rq.
The train I need would be departing from cambridge on thursday after 08:30 and arrive to peterborough.|Train TR4863 leaves at 8:34 and arrives by 9:24, would that work for you?
Yes, that would work out just fine.  I need to book for 5 and get the reference number too.  Thanks for your help!|Reference number is : IPBCT9UG. Is there anything else?
No that is all! Thank you!|Your very welcome. Have a nice day.
You too! I hope you have a great day. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Are there any concert halls in the center of town?|I have a listing for the man on the moon,can I get you any other information?
Yes I would need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.|Sure, the post code iscb12lf and the phone # 01223474144. Unfortunately, we don't have the information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|Okay, what day will you be traveling and where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street|What time will you be traveling?
I need to leave after 12:15.|TR2826 leaves from london at 13:39 and arrives at 15:07. Fare is 16.60. Would you like me to book seats for you?
Yes, I need one ticket, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : V5YS30VP. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day.
Let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre|sure i have 33 options for you
How about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at 11:45, and I'll need that reference number too.|Sure! I've booked you at Fitzbillies at 11:45 on Sunday for 5.  Your reference number is Y5EX13L7.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great can you also help me get a train? I'm looking to go to ely and arrive by 21:30|On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday|TR5484 leaves at 13:50 and costs 4.40 pounds. is that fine with you?
Yes, but i need to book four more people as well.|So I have 5 tickets booked. The reference number is YD9YNVV4.
Thank you very much.|Thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for an Indian Restaurant with high ratings in the moderate price range please?|There are 4 restaurants that meet your request. I would recommend the "curry price" located in the east. Would you like me to book that you?
Could you tell me more information about Curry Price?|Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their postcode is cb58jj, and their phone number is 01223566388. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please. I would like to book a table for 5 at 12:30 on Friday, please.|I'm sorry booking that was unsuccessful, can you choose another time or day possibly?
Is it available at 11:30?|You're in luck - they do have a table for 5 at 11:30 on Friday. Your Reference number is : WBHZZWO7. Can I help with something else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.|Where are you departing from?
I want to depart from Cambridge after 10:45.|I found one TR1817 leaving at 11:11 would that work for you?
Maybe. How much does that cost?|7.84 pounds. What's your price point?
That one will work just fine, thank you.|Ok, before booking I will need to know how many tickets you would like to purchase?
No need, that's all I wanted. Thank you for the help!|Thank you. Have a great day.
I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where were you wanting to travel to and when were you looking to depart?
I need to leave Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Wednesday after 15:45.|There is a train that leaves at 16:01 would you like me to book tickets for you?
I would first like the train ID and travel time please.|It's a 60 min ride and its train TR2925
Can you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Hobsons house is a guesthouse in the west. It a moderate priced 3 star place with free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
I need to book the hotel for two days starting Tuesday. Please, give the address and phone number of the hotel.|How many people is this reservation for?
just one person please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : T05HTHZU.
I also need the address...|Of course!  It's located at 96 Barton Road
Great, that's all I need! Thank you so much!|Okay. Great. I am glad I could help.
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Saturday please.|We have trains leaving every two hours. Where is your destination and when would you like to get there.
I would like a train that is leaving after 18:15 and is going to Peterborough.|Alright, you have 11 options. Trains from Cambridge to Peterborough leave twice an hour, beginning at 18:34 and running until 23:34. Would you like me to book one of these trips?
Could I please have the arrival time for the train that leaves at 18:34?|Sure, the 18:34 train will arrive in Peterborough at 19:24.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay.|I can help you with that as well, where would you like to stay? And would you like me to book a seat on the train departing Cambridge at 18:34?
No need to book the train yet, thanks.  I'd like a hotel in the south with free wifi.|I have 33 that meet your criteria.  What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for a moderately priced stay.|There are two options for you: Alesbray Lodge Guesthouse and Bridge Guesthouse. Would you like me to book you a room at one of these?
I'll take the Alesbray Lodge Guesthouse, can you book it for 4 people starting on Wednesday? We would be staying 3 nights.|I was able to book the guesthouse for you for 3 nights for 4 people. Your check-in day is Wednesday and your reference number is V9XD9KR7.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Have a good day.|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I want to take a train to cambridge that arrives by 17:00.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be traveling from Peterborough.|What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I forgot to mention that, sunday please.|I have train TR3782 leavinga t 5:19 and arriving at 6:09. Would you like to book that?
Not now. What's the travel time for that train?|The total travel time is 50 minutes.
I am also looking for something to do that is entertainment.|sure! any particular part of town?
No, just give me some options I can choose from.|cherry hinton hall and grounds,	funky fun house,	tenpin, nusha,	and whale of a time	are your options
Whale of time sounds interesting what area is it in? I also need the address and phone number.|It's on the west side of town at unit 8, viking way, bar hill. Their phone number is 01954781018. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today.  Thanks for your help!|Yeah, anytime happy to help.
I need a train to Stevenage. I need to get there by 16:45.|I found 42 trains that arrive in stevenage.  What day are you traveling and where are you departing from?
I'm traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.|TR7245 arrives closest to your requested time, it departs Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in stevenage at 16:10. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I'd like a booking for 2 people, please.|Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is VHB237PP. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel that includes free parking as well as free wifi.|I found 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I need one in the expensive price range.|Great, we have 5 options, express by holiday inn cambridge, gonville hotel, huntingdon marriott hotel, the lensfield hotel and university arms hotel. Can I book one of these for you?
Does the university arms have an availability for 3 nights for 2 people starting sunday?|Yes! I have booked a room for you at the university arms. Your reference number is JELU5HY6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That should do it.  Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day too.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north.|Absolutely! What type of food are you looking to eat and is there a specific price range?
I want some light bites food, and cheap if possible.|I haven't found anything. Is there another cuisine you're interested in?
how about one that serves italian food|da vinci pizzeria is a good choice! Would you like a reservation?
Yes  I would like to book a table for 2 at 12;30 on Thursday please.|Your reservation has been made. The reference number is 6BL860WY.
great, thanks for your help.|Is the anything else I can help you with ?
Yes, I'm going to need a train on Sunday.|There are 404 trains departing on Sunday. Can you give me a departure point and a destination point, please?
i want to go from norwich to cambridge|Is there a certain time you would like to leave Norwich by?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge by 14:15.|I have eight trains arriving by then, how many passengers?
I need a booking for two passengers.|Booked, Your reference number is 845YKY14. You pay 28.16 at the station. You will leave at 12:16 and arrive at 13:35. Trainid: TR5225.
Great. thank you that is all I needed.|Glad I could be of assistance. enjoy your journey. Do not hesitate to call if you need us again.
I need a train that leaves from cambridge.|There are several, do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, kings lynn.|There are 133 trains that travel from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.  Do you have a departure day or time in mind?
Yes, I would like to leave no later than 17:00.|Is there a specific time you need to arrive by?
I want to leave on Monday after 18:45 instead and I will need the price and train ID.|Train Id is TR9226 and leaves at 11:00
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge?|Sure, where are you leaving from and any certain departure or arrival times?
i'm leaving from birmingham new street after 18:30|I have the tr6741 leaving at 18:40 how many tickets would you like?
Great! Can you book for 4 people, please? I'll need the reference number.|Absolutely. Four tickets have been booked for this route and your reference number is 6YC0WN0E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I am also looking for a hotel by the name of lovell lodge.|Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the north area of town. They're located at 365 Milton Road, cb41sr.
You are thorough, I would like to book my group a 4 night stay there, please.|What day will you be arriving?
I want This to be on Tuesday|How many are in your group?
Four people please.|Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is JGZHQJD7.
Thank you so much. That's all for now.  Good bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Hi, I am looking for information on a train.|You came to the right place!  Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and will be departing from Peterborough.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to arrive by 10:30 on Thursday, please.|Great!  I found 9 trains that match your requests.  I'll be happy to book one if you'll let me know how many tickets you need.
I need to book seats for 4 people please, and can I get the reference number for that?|First let's verify which train you want. The TR1719 will have you at your destination around 10:09.
Yes, that sounds perfect.  I'll need 4 seats.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : P6G0S9IT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the west with free parking please.|Do you care about the price range? I have one cheap and one expensive hotel that fits your current criteria.
I actually need a guesthouse instead of a hotel, please.|I have two guesthouses. Would you like a cheap one that is a 4 star, or a moderately priced 3 star?
I need a train to Cambridge that will arrive by 18:03 and leaving on Friday.|We have many trains going to Cambridge, Where are you departing from?
Depart from Cambridge and go to Stansted Airport|The closest train meeting you requirements will arrive in Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works. May I get the departure time, travel time, and price for that as well?|The train departs at 17:40 duration 28 minutes price 10.10 pounds.
I would also like to find out if there are any museums located in the centre of town.|I show 11 results for museums in the centre, all free entrance.  To name a few there is castle galleries, primavera, ruskin gallery. Would you like more information?
May I have the phone number and address for Castle Galleries?|Sure the phone number and address for Castle Galleries are 01223307402 and unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Is there an entrance fee?|No, no fee it is free entrance. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all.|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester.  I have to get there for a dinner by 19:15.|I can help with that. What day is your dinner?
It is on Tuesday.|I have train TR4506 that leaves at 17:21 and arrives in Leicester at 19:06. Would this work for you?
That's perfect. That's all I need for now.|Okay, your trip has been booked. Train# TR4506. Leaving at 17:21, arriving at 17:06.  Total cost is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 244DG7UO
Can you possibly find me a swimming pool in the West?|There are no swimming pools in the west.
how about one that is in the type of college?|yes those we have quite a few of, how can I help you?
Any you suggest will be fine. I'll just need the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee, please?|Do you need free admission or pay to get in?
It doesn't matter, just pick the one you think is best!|Clare college is a nice place and phone is 01223336233
I would like find some information about a train. Specifically, I'm looking for details about a train that leaves Tuesday after 11:15.|Can I get information on where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from London Kings Cross.|The TR7850 leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me the reference number.|The reference number is 6SCORZPY.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food in the expensive price range.  What do you find available?|The only place in town like that is Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop. It's in the center of town. Would you like a table?
Can you just give me their phone number and postcode?|Certainly!  Their phone number is 01223505015 postcode cb11n.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. I appreciate the help.|You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Could you help me locate a restaurant in the east area of town?|Absolutely, there are quite a few restaurants. Can you help me by specifying what type of food you're looking for?
I am interested in an expensive restaurant.  See what's available, and maybe I can choose from there.|I have five places, what type would you prefer?
Italian would be great.  I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives on Tuesday by 15:30.|There are no Italian places to dine, is there another food you would prefer before we book the train?
any expensive restaurant will suffice. Reserve it for 8 people at 18:30 on tuesday and I'll need the reservation number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 51VEERAC.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Stevenage.|What day would you like to travel on?
I'll be traveling Tuesday, and need it booked for 8. Could I also get the reference number for that as well?|The first train leaves Stevenage at 05:54 and every two hours thereafter until the last train at 23:54. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
Anytime would be great, I'd like to book it for the same number of people as my restaurant.|Ok, I've booked your party on TR0517, it leaves at 11:54.  Reference number is IAYFJ8SI.  Total is 102.4 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
Reference number is IAYFJ8SI, that will be all|Great! Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range in the cente.|Sure. I have 5. How about the rice house? They serve chinese. Or dojo noodle bar, the serve asian?
Lets try rice house.|Sure thing! Their address is 88 Mill Road City Centre, would you like me to book you a table now?
Actually can you check for a place that serves Vietnamese food?|There are no vietnamese restaurants in my system, I'm sorry.
No problem. How about indian food?|There are 5 indian restaurants. The curry garden is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Please book for 8 people. Friday at 18:45. Reference number, please.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is UQ9QFHX2. May I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a train to bishop's stortford.|Sure thing. There are lots to choose from. Can you tell me more about your departure location and preferred day and time of travel?
Yes, I would prefer train and would like to arrive by 09:45 on saturday.|I found two trains for those specifications, will it be the same 8 people with you?
Yes it sure will, what are the times you've got on those two?|The first will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07. The second leaves at 7:29 and arrives at 8:07.
I would like to book the train arriving at 8:07 for 8 people. Can you do that? I will need the reference number.|There is a train leaving cambridge on Saturday at 07:29. Would that work for you?
Yes that would work, please book for my party.|Eight people are booked. The reference number is 1G47DQTH. Your train ID is TR3062. The total fee is 64.64 GBP. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much, that should be it!|Thank you and enjoy your visit.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay, what kinda of information are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel on the east side.|There are several. Is there a price range you prefer or any amenities that you require?
I really don't care if it has free parking.|express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star expensive hotel in the east side. Would that one work?
Yes it would. I'd like to book this Thursday for 2 nights, for 7 people.|I can book that now.
Yes please do that for me and give me the reference number.|Ok. The booking was successful.  Your reference number is OBFYQJZU.
I will also need a train.  I'm traveling on Thursday to Cambridge.  Can you help please?|Certainly. And where will you be departing from?
I want to depart from broxbourne after 16:00|and for how many people ?
It  will be for five people please.|The TR0579 departs at 16:32.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please and I need a confirmation number.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like to reserve?
It will actually be for 7 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 125.29 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UN5K7FML.
Thank you that is all the information I need today.|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I would like to come visit cambridge and need a train.|Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street and want to leave on Tuesday.|Sure, is there a particular time you'd like to either arrive or leave by?
I need a train that will leave after 12:15 please.|TR0734 leaves at 12:40, would that be okay?
Yes, can you please make a booking for 4 people?|Okay, I've done that for you. Your reference number is G1ZZIBBD
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called cityroomz.|I've found cityroomz.  Would you like a room booked?
Yes, please book the room for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Your Cityroomz reservation has been made and your reference number is 0R3345MS. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is everything thank you|Okay great, have a good day!
I'm looking for some place to go in the centre where I can enjoy multiple sports. Can you help me?|There is the cherry hinton village centre.
Great. Can you also check for colleges?|There's over 10 colleges in the centre, anything in mind?
Just one you think is nice. Please give me address, entrance fee and number.|Okay Christ's College's address is saint andrew's street and it is free to explore and their phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a train from London Kings Cross leaving sometime after 13:15?|Sure, I can help you with that.  What day will you be leaving on?
I will be leaving on thursday.|TR2512 will leave Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrive in Cambridge at 14:08. Would you like tickets?
I'm sorry, I know I said Thursday, but I will actually be leaving on Wednesday. Can you check for that day instead?|There are six trains that fulfill your needs. Would you like to book one?
No thank you. I'll just need the arrival time, travel time, and train ID for one of the available trains, please?|trin ID TR0922 arrives 14:08 and will take 51 minutes . do you like that?
yes but you don't have to be rude.|I'm sorry, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I appreciate your help today. I have all that I need.|Have a wonderful trip.
I'd like to find a train leaving on Friday to Cambridge.|There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge do you have a location you're leaving?
I will leave from Birmingham new street, and arrive by 13:15 if possible.|TR0497 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please, book 4 tickets for me.|Booked, reference number is T610U5HK. You pay 300.39 GBP at the station. Your train leaves at 9:40.
Thank you very much.  It looks like i am all set.  Have a nice day.|It has been my pleasure. Please feel free to contact us again if you require any further assistance!
I am hoping you can help me with my planning.  I am trying to find information on the trains.|I can definitely help you with that.  Can you give me more information, like your departure and destination preferences?
I will be departing from Stansted Airport to go to Cambridge on Wednesday.|I am getting the information up now, do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|TR6386 departs at 12:24 and arrives by 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
I'm looking for a train going to broxbourne leaving on saturday.|Sure, you have a time you want to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive in Broxbourne by 18:15.|I have the TR5688 that will get you in at 18:01. Would you like to book it?
No, I just need the price.|That is no problem, you are looking at 14.32 pounds per person if you decided to go that route.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel, in any area, that includes free parking.|I have three hotels that match your criteria.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  Do you have a preference of price?
I don't have a preference of price but I'd like for it to be a guesthouse in the north.|I have 7 great guesthouses in the north. May I suggest the kirkwood house?
Sure, I'll try Kirkwood House. Make me a booking for 5 nights for a party of 5, checking in on Monday|Okay I have your reference number and it is 8XF57Q08.
Great thank you, that is all I need for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on friday|I have several trains leaving on that day.  Where are leaving from and your destination?
I am traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|Okay, we have 19 trains leaving on friday.  Do you have any times you wish to leave and arrive by?
Arrive by 10:45.|I have the TR1612 that leaves friday at 9:11 and will arrive at 9:58. Would you like me to book that?
Yes please book for 1 person and provide me with the reference number.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is GWME416R. Is here anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's moderately priced and has wifi.|You have 3 choices: one in the south, one in the north, and one in the west. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
What's the name of the one in the south?|The bridge guest house. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is its address?|The phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great stay.
I'm looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.|There doesn't seem to be anything matching your specifications.
What about park attractions?|I found the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street.
What attractions are at the Botanic Gardens? Is there a cost associated with the Gardens?|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds, and is a park type attraction.
OK. Can I have the postcode?|The postcode is cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train to go to Birmingham New Street and to leave after 21:30.  Can you book me a train that leaves on Saturday?|TR5413 leaves Cambridge at 22:01 and costs 60.08 pounds.  How many tickets do you need?
The amount of tickets today is not important I just want to make sure that I leave on Saturday and if I could get an arrival time please|Train TR5413 arrives at 24:44 OR 00:04 on Sunday. Would you like to book it now?
Yes, two tickets please.|Your booking has been successful! The total fee is 120.16 GBP and the reference number is OYUCGOSD. Do you need help with anything else?
That was all for today. Thank you very much and have a good evening.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hi, I am planning a trip to Cambridge soon and could use some help with a train.|Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|I have 70 trains departing from Ely to Cambridge, what day are you planning to travel on?
Leaving on Monday after 9:15. I would like a booking for 3 people and the reference number as well.|There is a 9:35 that arrives at 9:52.  How does that sound?
That sounds great! I need to book that for three people.|Your reference number for TR2987 is 8QYPSGFH.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you also look up the hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west area. It's moderate in price with three stars. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.|All set your reservation number is V3HJ3TKN.
Awesome, thanks a lot! Have a great day!|Thanks for using our service today!
Hey thanks for helping, it really means a lot to me.|any time. great day
I am looking for a swimming pool here in Cambridge.|The Parkside Pool is located at Gonville Place. There number is 01223446100.
Thank you for the information.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please.  I need to find a train that leaves Birmingham New Street and arrives in Cambridge by 08:30.|There is a train daily that leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 08:23.  What day are you planning to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.|What time would you like to leave at?
I'm not very particular about departure time so any train that gets me to cambridge by 08:30 is fine|What day will you travel?
I will travel on friday.|Okay looks like the best bet for you is the 05:40 train from Birmingham that arrives in Cambridge on Friday at 08:23.
How long will it take to get to Cambridge? What is the fee?|The travel time is 163 minutes. The cost per ticket is 75.10 pounds.
And can you tell me the train ID for that 5:40 Train to Cambridge?|The train ID is TR3888. Is their anything else that you need?
That was all I needed, thanks.  Goodbye.|I am sorry, but did you need me to book that train for you?
I am looking for interesting places to go in the south part of town. Can you help me with that?|I absolutely can! What type of entertainment are you looking for. There are museums, cinemas, nightclubs, entertainment events, theatres, and parks.
should be in the type of architecture in the South part of town|Sorry, we don't have any architecture attractions in southern Cambridge. Can I help you with something different?
How about something with entertainment?|I suggest nusha, unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road. Phone 01223902158, postcode cb17dy. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee another one is tenpin phone 08715501010.
I'd like a train heading for Cambridge from Peterborough, please.|Certainly!  Did you have a travel day in mind?
I will be traveling on Saturday.|The first train leaves peterborough at 05:19 the last leaves at 07:19 would you like tickets?
Yes, for 8 people please.|I have 8 seats reserved for you. Your reference number is O2j7w28g.
Awesome. I'm also looking for the gonville hotel.|I can help you with that.  What kind of information did you need about the Gonville Hotel?
I would like to book it for the same group for 4 nights on Saturday as well.|How many rooms would you like to book for that group?
Uh, I thought I told you 8.|I have your rooms booked. The reference number is 9wy58ojm. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you so much!|You are quite welcome. Have a lovely stay! Goodbye!
Is there a train from cambridge that arrives by 13:45?|I found several trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow your search by picking a particular day or a certain destination?
I will be travelling on Friday and want to arrive at Stansted Airport by 13:34.|I am seeing several options for you. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, as long as it arrives before 13:45 on friday, it's fine.|I would recommend TR0188 which arrives by 13:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
No thank you but I do need to know the price.|The price is 10.10.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south?|What is your price range? What number of stars do you prefer? 3 or 4?
i would prefer 3 stars.|There are two 3 stars in that area. One is a guesthouse and the other is a hotel. Would you like for me to make a recommendation?
I'll take the hotel.  Please book for 2 people starting on monday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : XURZLO9G. Can i help with anything else?
Thank you for your time that is all I needed today.|Well thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a place to eat in cambridge today!|The yippee noodle bar is an excellent restaurant that serves asian oriental food and is in the moderate price range.
I want to find a european restaurant in the centre. try again please.|Sure, there are plenty of options.  I would recommend de luca cucina and bar if you are interested in modern European cuisine.
What is the address?|The address is 83 Regent Street postcode cb21aw. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help getting a train going to cambridge.|What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on saturday.|What time do you need to leave by?
I would be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge. I would need to arrive by 12:45.|The TR0637 arrives by 11:07.  Would that work?
Yes that will work fine. Can you book that.|Ok, you are booked on the TR0637 departing at 09:39. the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IAC5V0TC.
That's great!  What's the travel time?|The total travel time on that train is 88 minutes.
Thanks, that is all|Have a wonderful visit.
I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.|Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by 13:00.|Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference.|The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at 12:01. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time?|Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?
No thanks. I'd just like to know the travel time please.|The total travel time is 60 minutes.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I need to find a expensive hotel in the north.|I don't have anything that matches your description. We do have some 4 star options in the moderate price range to offer or we could search in another part of town.
ok how about a guesthouse in the north that is expensive with free parking.|I am sorry but there is nothing matching that request.  Would you like to try another price range or area?
Sure let's try a moderate price range.|acorn guest house is a moderate piced 4 star guesthouse with free internet and parking. Would you like to reserve this one?
Can you give me the hotel, phone number, and postcode?|The hotel phone number and post code are 01223353888 and cb41da.
All set.  Thanks a lot.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for some information for my upcoming trip.  Specifically, I am looking for an Indian restaurant.|There are 22 Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer a particular price range?
I would like one in the centre area, but maybe you could pick me a good one.|I would recommend curry garden as they are very good.
How expensive is the place and how can I contact them?|curry garden is quite expensive and their phone number is 01223302330
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train going to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|Okay, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
15:00 on Wednesday, can you book it for me ?|Would you rather leave at 14:11 or 15:11? Which works better for you.
I'd actually like to leave a bit earlier. Is there an 11:11 train and, if so, what is the arrival time for that one?|TR6159 leaves at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58
That one would be better. I will need 8 tickets.|I have booked those seats on the train and your reference number is OMWVM0X4.
Thank you that is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge after 10:00.|I found this booking for you. Can I book it?
I didn't tell you where I am going, how could you book it without that information?|My apologies.  I found a train leaving Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday, leaving at 13:00, for 23.60 pounds.  Will that work for you?
Actually I need a train for Sunday leaving from cambridge, going to birmingham new street departing after 10:00.|Cambridge to Birmingham on Sunday, right.  We have 10:01, 11:01 and so on, every hour for the rest of the day. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please make the booking for 1 person.|I've booked you on train TR5401 Sunday leaving Cambridge at 10:01 arriving at Birmingham New Street at 12:44.  Your total is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is 0HN9YSKR.
Thank you I'am also looking for  hotel called Alexander bed and breakfast|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse located in the centre of town. Would you like for me to book a stay for you?
No. Thank you. Can I have the address please?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road, postcode cb12de. Can I help you with anything else?
That takes care of everything for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train leaving King's Lynn after 13:45.|What day will you be traveling?
This will be for wednesday.|There is TR9057  Which  is at 9.80 pounds and takes 47 minutes. will you book that?
No thank you. I do not need to book right now.|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a train leaving from Birmingham New Street and arriving by 16:00.|There is a train every hour from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge starting at 5:40. It costs 75.10 pounds and is 163 minutes.
I think that would be too late. I also need it on Monday, not right now.|On Monday the TR3734 arrives by 15:23. Would you like to book some tickets for that? Or perhaps an earlier train if you think that's cutting it too fine.
I think that would be good, can you get me 4 tickets?|Booking was successful. The total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is GXTXW2EM. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a restaurant in the expensive price range and should serve european food|OK, I have a few options, what side of town would you like that on?
Could you make that on the north side please.|There is one expensive European restaurant in the north - City Stop Restaurant. Would you like to reserve a table there?
No, I just need the postcode and address as well as a phone number.|The address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41uy. The phone number is 01223363270. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything I need for my trip. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a good day.
You're welcome. You, too.|Please give me a call if you need any assistance during your visit
I am looking for information in Cambridge|great, what would you like to know?
I would like to find a place with multiple sports in the centre of the city.|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports place I have is in the east. Is there something else you might be interested in?
How about a college instead?|There are quite a few. Some have entrance fees while other are free. Do you have a preference?
No, no preference. Which one do you recommend?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Would you like some information on it?
Yes, may I have their address and entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for christ's college and it's address is saint andrew's street.
Great. I also need a train for Thursday. Can you help with that?|Yes, but first I need more details about your trip.
I am leaving cambridge and would like to arrive at 18:00|the tr8272 leaves at 05:00
I need it to leave after 09:15 from London Liverpool Street. Can you find me a train and book it for 1 person?|TR0998 leaves at 09:39. I have booked it for you.
Reference number: JW1DTLPN.
Thank you, have a good day.|Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful trip! Goodbye.
Please be a darling and find me a moderately priced place to dine in the East|sure, i have 3 options for you
Could you give me all three options please?|curry prince, indian, rajmahal indian or pizza hut in the east
How about Pizza Hut? I need a reservation for 4 people at 17:45 on Tuesday.|Done! Your reference number is DIWCUNVI. Do you need anything else?
No thanks. I think that took care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|Okay goodbye, have a lovely day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
No, but I do need some information on the Ruskin Gallery.|its address is 	anglia ruskin university, east road and it has a free entry
what is their postcode and phone number?|Their postcode is cb11pt and phone number is 0124549131
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train leaving on wednesday and arrive at 12:00|Can you please tell me your departure and destination locations?
I will leaving Norwich and going to Cambridge.|The TR1180 will leave Norwich for Cambridge Wednesday at 09:16 and arrive at 10:35. The cost of the train is 17.60 lbs.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, Can you please tell me the travel time?|the trip is 79 minutes long
Thank you. Will the train provide any snacks or a meal?|I am sorry but we are not given that information in our systems, you will have to ask when you arrive.
Thank you so much!|you are so welcome
That is all I need today. thank you.|you are very welcome
Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.|I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in.
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks|I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?|Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I am looking for information about museums in Cambridge, please.|What area would you prefer? I have multiple venues for you.
I wanted to visit a museum in the centre of town.|There is the Broughton House Gallery if you are interested?
I sure am. Can you tell me what the Entrance fees are and the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223314960. There is no entry fee and the address is 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that leaves after 08:00 on thursday departing from ely going to cambridge.|TR2029 is the earliest train. It will depart at 9:35. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes. Please book the train for 3 people.|OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR2029. Your reference number is GBHP4IM5. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you!|You are welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday|Okay. What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Norwich by 8:45|I have a train that arrives by 07:55. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet.  What is the travel time?|The total travel time for TR0953 is 79 minutes and will cost 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like to reserve a seat?
I am not ready to book seats quite yet thank you.  I do need to find a place to visit while in town though.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
a college please|I'm sorry but there are no colleges in Norwich. Are there any other areas or type of place I can look up for you?
You misunderstood, I'm looking for a college to visit while I'm in Cambridge.|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. What part of town would you like it to be in?
I don't have a certain part of town. Pick one that you recommend and I will need the area and entrance fee.|I have christ's college in the centre part of town. The entrance fee is free.
Cam you tell me more about the place?|The college is on saint andrew's street. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you, that will be everything.|Please contact us if you need further assistance during your visit.
Hi, could you help me with my plans?  I am looking for a train.|I can help you with that. Where will be departing and where do you want to go?
I will be departing from Cambridge and going into Ely on Saturday.|Trains run that route every two hours throughout the day. Do you have a target departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive in Ely by 11:15.  Could you please tell me the price and what the departure time is?|TR0718 arrives at 10:07 on saturday.  Cost is 3.52 pounds.  Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
I see it arrives at 10:07 but so you have the departure time?|The train that arrives at 10:07 would depart at 09:50.
Yes, please book it.|How many tickets are you needing?
I'm sorry, I just needed the train info. However, I need a place to stay in the North preferably with parking. Can you assist?|I have 11 different options for you. Is there a certain price range or star level you would like?
No, it should include free wifi.|There are 11 options for you. If you have no further specifications, then I recommend hamilton lodge.
Is Hamilton Lodge located in the north area of town?|Yes it is. Would you like to book it or do you need more info?
Yes I need to book it for 5 people. We will be staying 5 nights starting monday.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is  LJ3XA5IZ. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, is Hamilton Lodge a guesthouse or hotel? I prefer a hotel.|Hamilton Lodge is indeed a guesthouse. I am showing 2 hotels  in the North both have a two star rating. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 5 days.|I was able to book The Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is DDEI8K1U.
Thank you. Appreciate all the help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I appreciate your help. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 options for expensive hotels. One at kingfisher way, huntingdon. The other is at regent street.  Would you like to consider one of these?
I need one in the north and a guesthouse.|There are no guesthouses in the north that meet your criteria. Can I check for hotels or another area perhaps?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the north that is in the moderate price range instead?|There are seven of them. I can recommend the archway house if you would like  It has free internet and parking.
Oh great thanks, that's all I needed!|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hold on, is there any trains leaving Cambridge that arrives by 11:30?|to what destination? there is one to London Liverpool street arriving at 09:27, will that do?
I need a hotel with a star of 4 that offers free wi-fi.|There are three hotels that offer wifi and are 4-star. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry and University Arms Hotel. Would any of these suit your needs or do you need more information?
Which one is a moderate price range?|There are not any moderate priced hotels available. The Cambridge Belfry is inexpensive, while Huntington Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both expensive.
I think I'd prefer one of the expensive options. Which is your favorite?|I would recommend the Huntington Marriott Hotel, which is located in the west part of town at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to make a reservation?
No. I think I am all set.|Great.  I hope you have a good day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Are you looking for a certain type of attraction in cambridge?
I need a train going to Cambridge, departing from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 12:45|The TR0088 departs at 9:39 and arrives at 11:07
I'd like to book for 6 people.|Alright!  That's taken care of and your reference number is ZM4QYUPU.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me info on museums in town?|There are 23 musuems to choose from.
Do you have a favorite?  Pick one for me please.  I need the postcode.|The museum of classical archaeology is in post code cb39da. Is there anything else that I can help you with??
I would also like information for a restaurant near the museum.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by food type or price range?
I actually don't need anymore information, thank you.|Very well, we are here if you changed your mind, have a great day.
I will be visting in North Cambridge and would like to spend sometime at the pool, are there any in the area?|We have two pools located in the north area.  Jesus Green Outdoor pool and Kings Hedges Learner pool.  Would you like any additional information on either of these options?
What is the phone number, address and fee for the Green Outdoor Pool?|The phone number is 01223302579 and post code cb43px. I do not have information about the entrance fee, you may want to call them directly.
What is the address?|It is between victoria road and the river.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a train leaving from Broxbourne on Monday and arriving in Cambridge by 12:45.|The train closest to your requested arrival time is TR9199, leaving Broxbourne at 10:32, arriving Cambridge at 11:32. Would you like to book a ticket on this train?
If you could just tell me how much the tickets are that would be fine.|17.90 pounds, what else will you need me to help you with?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you!|You are welcome. Have a great day!
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?|There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
No, I have no preference.  Just pick one.  That will be fine.|I recommend alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?
Could you help me find a place to stay on my upcoming trip?|Absolutely! What area will you be staying in?
I'll be in the east.  I need free wifi and free parking.  I'd prefer something 4 star.|There are 5 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have a specific price range?
No that is not an issue. Could I get their phone number of one you recommend.|Might I suggest The autumn house?  The phone number is 01223210353.
Thank you. I also need a train from Birmingham new street on Sunday.|Did you have a time you would like to arrive or leave?
Yes, I need to leave by 17:00.|Do you have a specific arrival time you need.
The train should leave after 20:30 and should go to cambridge.|Train TR2274 leaves Birmingham New Street at 20:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 23:23. Would that work for you?
What is the travel time?|163 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time, Thank you.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.|No problem. We have 17 such candidates. Do you want to specify further?
I am looking for a hotel in the west and it doesn't need to have free parking.|There are no hotels in the west, moderately priced with internet. Would you like to braoden your search?
Let's try for one in the north area instead.|The only thing available in the north is a guesthouse with the internet moderately priced with 4 stars.
That's fine. I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I appreciate your help. Thank you
What was the name of the hotel please?|There actually is a moderately priced place in the west with free wi-fi. It is a guesthouse called Hobson's House. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number too?|The booking was unsuccessful. May I book you for another day or a shorter stay?
how about for 3 days?|Yes, indeed! I can make a booking for three people for three days. The reference number for that booking is 463S05XE.
Thank you very much! Can you also help me find a train? I am looking for one that leaves from Cambridge after 11:00 and goes to Kings Lynn on Friday.|There are 13 possibilities. Every ride is 47 minutes and the cost is the same. Is there a certain time you'd like to arrive?
I'll take the train that is closet to 11:00 please.|There is one leaving at 11:11. How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RQ12EQA0.
Thank you! That's everything I needed. Have a great day!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need a train that leaves on Wednesday after 17:00|There are 152 trains on Wednesday. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I would like to go to cambridge departing from norwich.|Are you able to tell me your preferred departure and arrival times?
I would like to leave after 17:00.|There are 7 trains that depart after 17:00 on Wednesday, would you like me to book the 17:16 train for you?
Please book it for two people and send the reference number.  We are also looking for a moderately priced place to dine in the town center.|TR 2379 from Norwich to Cambridge on Wednesday at 17:16 is booked for 2, reference number D5S6B0GC. There are many options for dining, for kind of food do you like?
The type of food doesn't matter. I need to book a table for two at 21:00 on Wednesday.|I tried to book you at table for two at the Yippee Noodle Bar but they have no available reservations.  Did you want to try another day or time?
Can you see if there's anything at 20:00?|Ok, that worked. Your table is booked, and your reference number is 5QH1PWGZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all thank you very much.|Okay, thank you, goodbye.
I have the name of a restaurant that I need some help finding, whenever you're ready.|I'm ready.
It is the Seasame Restaurant and Bar.|I'm sorry but I was unable to find the restaurant you requested. Is there a type of food you were thinking about having?
I misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 3 poeple at 17:00 on monday if available?|Gladly. I have a table reserved for you at the Sesame Restaurant and bar for Monday at 17:00. Your reference is 5OEIV10L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'll also need a train to Cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
To Cambridge, on Monday. I will be leaving Birmingham new street.|okay the first train leaves the station at 5:40 the last 09:40
I need to arrive by 14:15.|TR3387 arrives in cambridge by 13:23.  Price is 75.10 pounds. Will that work for you? Would you like me to books seats?
I don't need you to book that, but I will need to know the departure time, please.|The TR3387 leaves at 10:40.
Great, thanks so much for your help. That's all I need today.|Ok! Have a great day!
I'll be visiting Cambridge soon and would like some information on Hughes Hall.|It is a college located in the centre of town.
Can you give me the area, address, and entrance fee, please?|it is located in 	wollaston road,cb12ew. entry is free and is in the centre.
Perfect! I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn leaving after 10:00|I have 98 trains to kings lynn leaving after 10:00. Do you have a more specific time frame?
i'm leaving on a tuesday|TR7548 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Will that work for you?
Yes. Can you book 7 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RWVC9XY8.
Thank you!|is there anything else i can help with ?
No. Thanks for all your help. Bye!|Thank you for using this service goodbye
Hi. Are there any trains from Peterborough on Sunday?|Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I am going to Cambridge and I have to leave after 21:15.|There are a number of trains you can choose, the earliest one being at 21:19 and the latest at 23:48.
Book the earliest one for 4 people.|Okay, booking was successful. The total fee will be 52.8 GBP and your reference number is VFUX9JT1. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd also like to find lodgings on the west side of town.|There are two hotels and two guesthouses on the west side of town. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
A hotel that includes parking.|Sure! How about the Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap with four stars. Would that work for you?
Yes that will be fine as long as it includes free parking.|Yes, it does! How many nights would you like?
I would like to book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I am sorry, they are unable to accommodate those dates. Can you shorten the stay or try other days?
Can we try booking it for just one night then?|Thank you, I was able to book you for one room on Sunday for 4 people. The Reference number is 08QSW5MB. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you so much.|If you need anything else, let us know. Good bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What type of information are you looking for? I can helpp with dining, hotels and entertainment.
I need a train on friday going to ely from cambridge arrival by 13:00|I have 4 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to book tickets?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8BUQLIK8.
Great! I also need to have some north american food in the west part of town.|I'm sorry, we don't have any north american restaurants in the west area. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Could you look again for places that serve North American food in the West.|The only north american restaurant in the city is in the centre. Would you like more information about that?
How about an intalian restaurnat in the west area?|I have two.  One is moderately priced, and one is cheap.  Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one will be fine. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and at 10:15.|You are booked the reference number is 3ICEL34F, can I help with anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you|You're very welcome!  Have a great day.
Hi there. I want to come into the Cambridge area and thought of an airplane but its is extremely costly. I am wondering about a train instead.|We have dozens of trains into Cambridge every day. Where will you be coming from, and on what day?
I'll be coming in from Broxbourne on Sunday. I want to arrive by 19:30. Can you help me?|I have 5 trains leaving broxbourne heading towards cambridge. Do you have an arrival time?
Yes, 19:30 like I said previously. I will need 2 tickets.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave at 19:30 and need two tickets. Please send me the reference number and telephone number to the train company.|Is there a certain time you need to arrive by. I have several options.
I need to arrive by 19:30.|I'm sorry but just to clarify.  Are you hoping to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I would like to arrive in Broxbourne from Cambridge by 19:30.|I havea train that arrives at 18:32 Should I book this for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me for 2 tickets?|Done! Your reference number is 7VR15FZ8. The tickets come to 28.64 Pounds, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I need to find a hotel on the north end of town. An expensive hotel.|Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north. Do you want another area or a different price range?
Yeah, moderate would be okay as well.|Do you have a star preference?
Yes, it should have four stars.|How about the acorn guest house?
that will be fine.|Would you like me to book it for you?
NO, i just need  you to get phone number and postcode|OK, phone number is 01223353888, postal is cb41da, can I assist with anything else?
no thats all thanks|No problem, have a great day.
Hi, what can you tell me about the  bangkok city restaurant?|Sure! It serves Thai food and is located in the centre. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 at 19:30 on Sunday please. I need the reference number then too.|I've booked that for you and your reference number is X4W3U0LM.
I'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 17:00 on monday.|I can certainly help with that. Could you just verify your departure point for me?
Yes, it should depart from Cambridge.|the  earliest arrives by  17.58
Ok, I think that should be fine. Can you make a booking for me?|sorry, the arrival time is actually 16:58. how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for the same group of people going to the restaurant with me.|I have booked train TR2324. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is EGIIL92A.
Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you so much.|Well we are here to help. Enjoy your time here !
Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Can you tell me anything about cafe jello gallery?|Yes, the Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum located at 13 magdalene street in the west side of town. Would you also like their phone number?
Yes I would.|The phone number is 01223312112. Do you need the postcode?
No, but I am looking for a train from Ely on Thursday.|There are 10 trains that day. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive after 2:00 in the afternoon.|We have the TR0813 that arrives at 11:52 on thursday. Does that work?
I think that could work please make a booking for 6 people|Booking was successful! Your reference number is GXIE5O8F. You have to pay 26.4 GBP at the station.
Thank you very much that is all I needed. Have a good day.|You're welcome, and you have a nice day as well!
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?|There are over 30. What type of food are you interested in?
Any type would be good. Can you recommend one?|the bedouin serves african and is the expensive range? would you liketo book a table.
No thanks. Can you tell me the address of the restaurant?|They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre
Great.  I am also looking train schedules, leaving from Stevanage and going to Cambridge.|What time will you be departing?
I need to leave sometime after 11:00 and I need tickets for 7 people.|Great, I'll be happy to look into this for you. What day would you like to leave? Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I'd like to leave Sunday, and it doesn't matter when I arrive.|There is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge Sunday at 11:54, it arrives at 12:43 costing 10.24 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes, please. Can you please be sure to tell me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JCN15KC1. Will you need anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip.
Where can I find a moderately priced restaurant that serves European food?|I have a number of restaurants available. Is there a particular area of the city where you would like to go?
I would prefer the centre of town.|I highly recommend Riverside Brasserie. It's located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Is there anything else i can help you with?
can you book a table for 3 on monday at 18:45|Yes for sure! That booking was successful and your reference number is L6EX6O5W.
Thank you. I need to find a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street leaving on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 12:45.|I have train TR0077 that leaves at 9:01 and arrives at 11:44. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect. Could you book it for the same group of people, please?|I booked it for you. reference number is J92CR71U. Anything else today?
You are great thanks !|You're welcome. Did you need more help?
That is everything that I need.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
I need a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. Can you help me?|I'd be happy to. Do you have a specific date and time for your departure?
I want to leave on Saturday and should arrive by 18:00, I have a doctors appointment to see to.|The TR4466 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 15:27, would that be acceptable?
Yes what is the price, departure time, and travel time?|It is 13.28 pounds, will arrive 15:27, and the travel time will be 88 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a place to stay in the south and would prefer a guesthouse.|ok I have a few options. Is there a price range you would like to stay at?
No specific price range, but I do need free parking.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a great one in that area and cheap. It includes free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like to book for two nights and two people starting Saturday.|Unfortunately there is no space for your request. Would you like to check another hotel or change the length of stay?
How about for just two nights 4 people at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|Are you trying to shorten your stay? And, may I confirm the stay is for 2 people?
I would like to try for 2 nights since there is no space and I want it for 4 people please.|Im sorry i was unable to book that. Is there another hotel you would like to try?
Let's try a different guesthouse in the south, then.|We have 2 other choices - both of which are moderately priced guesthouses in the South.  The guesthouses are bridge guest house and aylesbray lodge guest house.  Do you have a preference?
Do either of them offer free parking?|Yes, they all offer free parking.
Can you book one for 4 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday please.|Unfortunately, none are available for that stay. Would you like me to check availability for a shorter stay?
Yes, can you try 2 nights please?|I was able to book aylesbray lodge guest house for 2 days with 4 people. Reference number is AULI4NVQQ.
Thank you, that is everything i need.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
You are welcome, enjoy your trip.|Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that is thanks|Glad to be of service! So long.
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge.|Let me help you with that, where would you like to go?
I need to get to Stansted airport please.|What day will you be traveling?
I'd like to travel on thursday|What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 16:15.|Ok there is one leaving at the same time i'm eager to book it for you
I am looking for information in Cambridge looking for a restaurant in the north|We have a range of options in the north. Do you have preferred cuisine or price range?
How about an expensive venetian place?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any results. Is there another location or price range you'd like to try?
How about something that serves Asian Oriental food?|I do have one expensive asian oriental restaurant in the north. It is called Saigon City. Can I make you a reservation?
That sounds great. I will need a table for 5.|What day and time would you like this reservation for?
16:30 on Thursday, please.|We booked you for Thursday at 16:30, is their anything else I can assist you with?
Can you provide me with a reference number, please?|Yes, your reference number is 80SX075C. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to take a train from stansted airport to cambridge, on Thursday, with arrival by 13:30.|TR9775 arrives by 12:52, would you like more info or tickets?
Please give me the departure and travel time.|It departs at 12:24 and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.
Thank you! That is all the information I need.|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from cambridge and arriving by 10:30 at broxbourne|I've booked 2 tickets for you on TR7656 ref#IBECBEPN. The total cost is 35.79 GBP. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Great thanks! That will be all!|Let us know if you need more help, good bye.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in east Cambridge.|I have found three restaurants in the area you have chosen, I can go ahead and book one if you'd like me to.
Do any of them serve fusion food?|I'm sorry but no. Would you like to try any other type of food?
Do any of them serve Italian?|The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton meets your needs. Would you like a table there?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 on Friday.|What time would you like for me to make your reservation for?
18:45, please. I also need a train on Saturday. I want to depart from Cambridge.|There are 202 trains that meet that criteria, can we narrow it down a bit? Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to the London Kings cross|Do you have a leave time preference? The trains begin at 05:00 and continue every two hours until 23:00.
No, but I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Also, I need the reference number for my restaurant reservation, please.|The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton reservation number is 2NUCO26H.
I also need a departure time and train ID please.|I have train TR5170 departing Cambridge at 11:00 and arriving in London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like to book a ticket for this train?
As long as its departing on Saturday from Cambridge to london kings kross arriving by 13:00 that works. Please just confirm the train ID and departure time.|OK, TR5170 leaving Cambridge at 11:00 arrives in Kings Cross at 11:51. Is these acceptable? There are three other options.
Yes, that's good. Thank you.|Would you like me to reserve you a ticket?
No, thank you. I'm all set for today. You've been a great help!|Thank you! Have a great day!
I need some information on a hotel, can you help with that?|of course! do you know what area you want to stay in?
I need information about the alexander bed and breakfast.|What would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|Your room is booked, reference number 918P1IAS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a train to Stevenage leaving after 16:15.|Could you tell me what day you wish to travel?
Yes, I need to leave Cambridge on Monday.|I have train TR0254 that leaves at 17:21. Would that work for you?
Sure. What is the price and arrival time?|Arrival is at 18:10, and the price per ticket is 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I'll take it from here. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
Hi. I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me?|Train TR2775 departs from london kings cross.
No, I need a train that departs from stansted airport and it should leave after 11:30.|The first train to Cambridge from the airport after 11:30 is TR9775, leaving at 12:24 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:52. Will that work?
I think so. What exactly is the travel time on that one?|The travel time on that route is 28 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. The name is Leverton house.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Please. I'd like a room for myself, I'll be checking in on thursday and would like to stay for two days.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book that hotel with your exact details. Would you like to book on another day or for a shorter stay?
Okay, try for one night instead please.|Booking was successful for Thursday for one night. Your reference number is : GMAAU9LE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been a great help.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you, and please remember you can contact us at any time if you need any further assistance! Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after 21:45.  Can you help me with a reservation?|Absolutely I can help with that. What day and to what destination are you traveling?
I am traveling to london kings cross from cambridge.|All trains leave at 23:00,what time would you like to arrive?
I do not have a specific arrival time.|Do you have a day you will be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday.|the TR4898 leaves at 23:00. do you want a ticket?
Yes for five please.|I made reservations for you your reference number is 0F1R2M73.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north.|There are 11 great guesthouses to choose from. Would you like free wifi or parking? Also what price range were you looking for?
It doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. I will take a suggestion as I'm not familiar with the area.|I would recommend limehouse, a 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book it for 5 people.|What day will you be checking in?
I actually don't need to book. I would just like the phone number, postcode, and price range.|Limehouse is a moderately priced establishment. They're in postcode cb42je and their phone number is 01223300552. Is there anything else you want to know? Or anything else I can help with?
No that's everything I needed. Thank you!|Thank you, Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Cambridge.|I can help with that. What is the destination?
I would like to go to kings lynn and leave after 13:00.|The TR3805 leaves at 13:11. Do you want a ticket?
No, but can you tell me the price, arrival time, and travel time please?|Yes the price of the ticket will be 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes and the arrival time is 13:58.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is expensive in the west area.|Huntington Marriott Hotel carries 4 stars. Would you like to book?
No I won't be booking today.|Okay is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thank you tahtys all I neeed to know|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for museums that I can go in town.|There are 23 different museums in town, did you have a particular area you were looking at?
I don't have one specifically in mind but could you tell me your opinion on what would be a good area?|How about the Cafe Jello Gallery and it's free admission!
Which area of town is that in?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is on the west side of town. Would you like their address?
Sure, please give me the address.  Could you also help me find a train leaving Saturday?|Cafe Jello Gallery is located at 13 Magdalene Street. Yes, what time are you leaving? Also what destination, and departure point?
I am departing from birmingham new street and arriving at cambridge. May I have the travel time and train ID?|There are 19 trains that meet your criteria. Do you prefer a certain departure time?
Yes. I would like to leave after 14:15.|Ok, there are 10 different trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive by?
As long as it leaves on Saturday after 14:15, that's all that matters. Please give me travel time and train id.|TR1843 leaves at 14:40 and the travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to book?
I need to think about it for a bit. Thank you for your help though. I think I'm all set.|Awesome. Come back if you have any questions!
I am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 4 star rating|I have 19 results. Would you prefer a certain area or price range?
Cheap price range and a guesthouse.|ok, that helps me narrow it down a bit. Which side of town would you like it to be on
I'm not too concerned with area. Which would you recommend, and do they have internet?|The Allenbell is very nice. It is also cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book this?
The Allenbell sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|The number is 01223525725, and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you.  I also need a train on Friday.|I will need a bit more information.  Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
The train departs from King's Lynn on Friday at 12:30 and goes to Cambridge.|I can not find a train leaving at 12:30. Would a train at 13:11 work for you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can you book me 4 tickets please?|You are all booked for train TR0674 at 13:11. Your total fee will be 39.2 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is WJXW4VRV. Anything else for today?
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|I hope you have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
Can you give me some information on trinity college please?|Sure thing! Trinity College is located on Trinity Street in Centre with a postcode of cb21tq.  Would you like more information today?
Great! Thanks!  Is that just a college or is there any other type of attraction there?|I'm not sure. Would you like me to give you the phone number? They might have more information on that.
Yes, can you please get that for me. Thank you|The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train to Ely.|Where will you travel from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and will be traveling Wednesday.|Can you tell me what time you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to be there by 11:15.|Okay! How about the 9:50 train? That's the latest one, and it arrives at 10:07.
That sounds good. What's the travel time and price for that one?|only 17 mins and 4.4 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, again. That is all I need. Thanks.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's been a pleasure to help you explore our city today!
Can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve fusion food? Thanks.|Unfortunately, there are no restaurants meeting your criteria.
Okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the centre that is moderately priced?|I don't see any restaurants matching your criteria. Do you have any other criteria I can search for?
Can you check for british food instead?|I have 5 would you like m to recommend one?
Yes, that would be great!|You should try the the copper kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people at 19:45 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JWEROL3K. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a train on the same day from ely to cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive in cambridge on friday?
I need the train to arrive to arrive by 13:45.  There will be 3 of us.  Can I get a reference number?|TR0212 leaves Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:52. Will this work for you?
yes and thank you that will be all|Can  I help you with anything else today?
Can you book the 3 of us tickets?|I have successfully booked your train reservation. The total fee is 13.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is UHK3WFOA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.|Have a nice day.
Hello!  I am looking for places to stay in Cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|There are several guesthouses where would you like it and what price range?
I would like an expensive place in the north.|Unfortunately, I do not have any expensive hotels or guesthouses in the north. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Can we try to find one that is in the East please?|I have one, would you like me to book it ?
Yes, for one person and four nights on Thursday.|I do apologize, but it looks like it's all booked. Perhaps try a shorter stay or another start day?
Could you try to book it for one night instead?|I was able to book Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 1 day with 1 person. Your reference number is XLN3932A.
Thanks. I also need a train to leicester. Can you help with that?|Sure!  First, can you confirm that you are departing Cambridge?
Yes. I would like to leave at 15:15 on Friday.|I have a train to Leicester departing Friday at 15:21. Does that work for you?
Yes, can I get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 1WOTPNYE.
Can you help me find a train leaving on saturday departing from london kings cross?|Certainly! Where are you going? What time of day do you want to leave?
I am going to Cambridge and would like to leave after 11:45.|The TR5729 fits your needs. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the travel time for TR5729?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
That's great, I also need a hotel with free wifi, I would prefer a 3 star place, please.|Did you have a preference for the area?
In the centre please.|Okay I have one hotel matching those criteria called The Gonville, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Saturday, 2 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is 6IX4YPBK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you.|Enjoy your visit!
Hello, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday please.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on friday and it needs to arrive by 16:00|Train TR2958 arrives in Cambridge at 15:52, does that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. What's the price and departure time?|It will cost 10.10 pounds per ticket and leaves at 15:24.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about colleges in the east?|There aren't any colleges in the east. Can I give you information about colleges in another area?
how about one that is in the type of museum?|Sure! I recommend Cambridge Artworks. Would you like their information?
postcode and entrance fee only thanks !|Okay, sure.  Great news, the entrance fee is free and the postal code is cb13ef.  Anything else I can help you with today?
I don't think so. I am off to work but thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.|Thanks for stopping by!
I am planning to visit Cambridge soon and need schedule information.|I am happy to help, when will you be traveling and where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford on Thursday. I'd like to leave after 18:30.|TR0060 leaves at 19:29 and arrives by 20:07. Does that work for you?
Yes, those times are good for me. Would you give me the price and train ID, please.|The train id is TR0060 and the price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not at this time, thanks. But I would like to look for some hotel information. A friend told me to check out the Avalon. What can you tell me about it?|The Avalon is a 4 stars guesthouse in the north, the price is moderate. There is not free parking in this hotel.
That's OK, I won't have a car with me. Can you book the Avalon for 3 people for 3 nights, starting Thursday?|Unfortunately they are all booked for that duration. Would you like to try another hotel?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 3?|Your reference is TTZCS4Y4, is there anything else you need?
No, that is everything I needed. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am trying to find a good place to stay.|Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.|I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?|The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.
I'm looking for information called scott polar museum.|The scott polar museum is located in the centre area of town and is free. Would you like anymore information?
Yes, could I get the address please?|it is located on lensfield road
Thanks I also need a train that goes to broxbourne.|And what day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge on Monday, after 18:00 please|TR6516 departs at 18.01 the price is 17.90 pounds. Is there anything else?
No.  Thanks. That is all.|Have a good visit.
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi?|i have many options for you. are you looking in a particular area?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the north.|That narrowed it down a little bit. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel please. I also need free parking.|I have 2 hotels that have what you are asking for. Both are 2 stars and offer free parking and wifi. Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge.
Can you book a room at the Ashley for me? 5 people, 5 nights, and we'll arrive on Tuesday.|Ok, you have the rooms. Reference number is : HX250ZFS. Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also need a train going to cambridge on tuesday as well.|Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
i just want to get there by 19:00|Where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne.|Okay the TR7598 leaves at 16:32 and arrives at 17:32.
Can you book that train for five people?|I sure can.  That total charge is 89.5 GBP and the reference number is OTQM5TP5.
Great, thanks for all of your help today. I won't be needing any further help.  Bye.|No thank you that will be all
I'm look for a train leaving cambridge.|I can help you with that. Where is your destination? What day do you want to travel?
I want to travel to kings lynn on saturday.|Do you have a timetable that you need to stick to?
I need to arrive by 12:30.|TR1817 leaves Cambridge at 11:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 11:58. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds good, what's the trip duration on that one and how much per ticket?|The total travel time on that route is 47 minutes. The cost per ticket is 7.84 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thank you, could you find me a 4 star guesthouse that provides free parking?|There are 16 guest houses rated 4 stars with parking. Are you thinking of a price range or part of town?
In the moderate price range, near the centre of town please.|I'm sorry, there are no guesthouses that fit those criteria.  Would you like to try something else?
Are there any available in another area of town that meet those requirements?|Yes I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north.  Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I do need their phone number.|Absolutely, their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help with anything else?
thank you, you've been quite helpful|I'm glad to e of help. Have a lovely day.
We will be on the west side of town and would like to find a place to eat while there.|What type of cuisine would you be looking for?
I want some Scottish food.|There are none in the area. Another type or area perhaps?
Yeah, can you check the south please?|There are no restaurants in that area.
What a bummer. Find me a restaurant that serves British food on the West please.|There are 3 restaurants in that area that serve British food.  Is there a particular price range your looking for?
The expensive range please.  I will need their phone number and address.  Also, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|Travellers Rest is located at Huntingdon Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223276182. Where are you traveling to on Sunday?
I need to get to london liverpool street by 13:00.|I would suggest train TR0995, it leaves at 09:59 and will get you to your destination by 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
No need to book. But, can I please get the price of the ticket?|the price for the ticket is 13.28 pounds
Thanks so much.  That will be all the information I need today.  Bye.|Glad I could help, Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing from stansted airport.|There are 133 trains departing from that location. What destination would you like to travel to?
I want to leave on monday after 21:45 and arrive in cambridge.|We have the TR7956 arriving in Cambridge on Monday at 22:52. Does that fit into your schedule?
Yes. Can you please book that for 5 people and provide my reference number for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6UVY4MBA.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you tell me what types of entertainment are in the centre area?|There are no entertainment attractions located in the centre of town.
What about nightclubs?|Certainly, We have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, , kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
How about Soul Tree Nightclub? Could you send me the entrance fee and address?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Can I help you with anything else?
What time does it open its doors?|I'm sorry, but I don't have that information in my database. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I am all set.|Great! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo! Goodbye!
Hi, I've just started planning a trip and the train system is so confusing, can you help me?|Absolutely.  Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. And I'm headed to Cambridge.|What day will you travel on?
I'll be travelling on Monday.|At what time do you want to leave ?
anytime after 13:00|We have one on Monday at 5:24,would you like me to book it for you ?
I don't need it booked, just please forward me the train ID and arrival time.|The trainID is TR4096 for the train departing the stansted airport and going to Cambridge on Monday.  It will arrive at 17:52.
We would like to attend an event at the theatre while we are in town.|That sounds like fun. I've found five theaters in town. Four of them in the center of town, one to the south. Do you have any other criteria?
Nope, choose the one you think is best and let me know the postcode please.|The adc theatre is very good would you like that one?
That sounds great! Can I get the postcode? And then I need to find a train.|The postcode is cb58as. What day and time will you be travelling on?
I am going to stevenage on thursday.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 10:30.|TR7024 is the first train after 10:30 it leaves after 11:21, would you like me to book you?
That's fine I need 4 tix and the ref #|I will get that for you
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.|There are 44 different attractions in city centre. Is there any particular type that you would want to visit?
Any type is fine.|Holy Trinity Church is a free architecture attraction. Their number is 01223355397 and they're located at Market Street.
Great!  I'm also looking for a train that'll leave Thursday from Cambridge.|I have one that leaves at 05:00 on Thursday. Is that time alright for you?
Well, I need to get to Peterborough, and I need to arrive by 12:15. What are my options?|TR5159 will depart cambridge at 11:06 on Thursday, arriving in peterborough at 11:56. Will that work?
Yes and please make the reservation for 8 and then send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0C232D2C. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is everything I needed. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like a train from Leicester to Cambridge, please!|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on monday and need to arrive by 14:15|Train TR5054 leaves Leicester and arrives in Cambridge at 13:54. Would you like to book this train?
Sounds great. Can you please book it for 2 people?|Of course. Your total will be 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PCJMQZXO. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all.|All right, have a great trip!
I need a train that Departs Tuesday with the destination of cambridge.|Yes I have a train leaving on Tuesday at 05:17 from London kings cross.
Is there one departing Kings Lynn later than 16:15 please?|Yes, TR5793 is departing kings lynn at 17:11 and arriving at cambridge at 17:58, will this work for you?
Yes. I need a booking for 3 people.|You're all set! The total fee is 29.4 GBP and your reference number is 2I8XTN6S. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd also like to find a restaurant serving British food in the Centre of town.|I have 7 fitting that criteria, what price range do you prefer?
The price range doesn't matter to me, but can you book at table for 3 people at 19:15 on Tuesday?|I am sorry I cannot book for that many people at that time, another time slot perhaps?
How about 18:15 then?|I have confirmed your reservation for 3 on Tuesday at 18:15 at The Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 82YQHDQQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you.|Ok, thank you for using our services.  Have a wonderful day.
Hello, I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 10:00.|Ok, and where will you be leaving from and heading to?
I want to leave from Bishops Stortford and go to Cambridge.|TR6834 departs Bishops Stortford at 11:29 arriving by 12:07 in Cambridge. Does this work for you?
That will work great.  Could you please make a booking for seven people?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 5636CNX2. Please pay 70.7GBP at the station. Is there anything else?
Yes, I need some information on rosa's bed and breakfast.|That's a lovely 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town.  What would you like to know?
Yes please book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GXVPCRC1. Is there anything more I can help with?
No that's it, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a train that leaves sunday and arrives at 5:30.|There are three trains that meet this criteria, two from Birmingham New Street at 22:40 and 23:40, and one from London Liverpool Street at 23:39. Which do you prefer?
i would like the 22:40|Sure, that is train TR1873.  Would you like me to book some seats for you?
No thanks. I will book later. But can I get the price and travel time please?|Sure, TR1873 is 60.08 GBP per ticket and is a 163 minute journey.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre of town.|I have several options. What price range would you like?
Could you give me a recommendation?|How about The Ghandhi located at 72 Regent Street?
That sounds fine. Can you book me a table at 10:45 on Sunday?|Ok, how many people will you be dining with?
I only need a booking for a party of 1.|I am sorry that time is unavailable. Would you like to book for another day or time?
How about 09:45 instead?|I am sorry that time is unavailable as well. Would you like to book for another day or time?
How about 9:45?|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 9F8YFU1O. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that's all thanks!|Thank you for contacting us have a good day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I am glad that you are visiting, but I cannot help you until you give me something to search for?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester on Monday.|We have quite a few trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:45|TR2919 is leaving at 22:21, would that work?
Yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?|Absolutely. I have booked two tickets for TR2919 at a total fee of 75.59 GBP. Your reference number is 8BG1O6W0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. I do not mind if it is expensive.|how about allenbell? it looks lovely
does it have free parking?|allenbell has free parking. Should I book it?
Yes, I need it for Thursday. 2 people 4 nights.|your all set! Reference # is DQ0Z16N7. Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need.|Have a great day!
Looking for a train going Stevenage.|Okay, for what day and where are you departing from?
I am looking at traveling on Wednesday and departing from Cambridge.|Is there a particular time you would like to leave?
I want to leave after 20:45.|Train TR9016 leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22:10. Would that work?
Yes, I need a booking for 2 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : W20YWCTG.
Thanks!  That is all I needed.|Our pleasure. Please call us again and have a terrific day.
You too, good bye now.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train to Stevenage, please.|There are 70 trains departing to Stevenage. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday and would like to arrive by 21:00 to cambridge.|I have many options available. May I have the departure site please?
I am departing from Stevenage. I need to book seats for 8 people to Cambridge on a Saturday to arrive by 21:00.|I have several trains that will arrive in Cambridge by 21:00 what time of day would you prefer to depart?
Early evening please.|Could you please specify a precise time you would like to leave.
Close to arriving by 21:00. I need to book it for 8 people for a Saturday.|TR6759 leaves Stevenage at 19:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:43.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like 8 tickets please. May I also have the reference number?.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is IQC4RP3I, and the total cost will be 81.92 GBP. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the east side.|I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that match your criteria. Would any other area, price, or internet availability be acceptable?
How about the one that is in the type of guesthouse?|There are 3 guesthouses available, 2 of them have free parking.
Can I have the information for the guesthouse that doesn't have free parking? I would like the phone number, postcode and star rating please.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702. The address and postcode  is 124 Tenison Rd, cb12dp. It is a 4 star guesthouse.
Thanks!  I think that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to stay in the east|What pricerange are you looking for in your hotel?
I would prefer a place in the moderate price range with 4 stars and free wifi.|I have 3 results in the moderate price range. Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking. I would need you to book a place for 1 person who will be staying for three nights beginning Tuesday. Can you do that?|Not a problem, would the A and B Guest House work for you?
Yes, please book it. I need a reference number. I also need to book a train leaving after 13:15 on Tuesday.|What days are you planning on staying and how many people will be staying?
1 person and 3 nights starting tuesday please.|It's all booked, reference number is 22HE1KCU
Thank you I also need a train leaving after 13:15 on tuesday|There are 2828 trains can you tell me where you would be leaving from and your destination?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from broxbourne.|The following train is available: TR8199 Broxbourne to Cambridge on Tuesday at 13:32 arriving at 14:32.  This will cost 17.89GBP.  Would you like to reserve this?
Yes please. Just one ticket and could I get the reference number pleases?|Yes, I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 2DATSODP.
Ok, great! Thanks for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.|I am glad that I could help. Have a good day!
Hi, I'm planning a trip and am finding the trains to be a bit confusing.  Can you help me find one?|Yes I would be happy to help you.  Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I will be departing from Stevenage and going into Cambridge on Sunday.|There are multiple trains on sunday. Do you have a time you want to depart or arrive by?
I want to depart anytime after 15:30, so the soonest available train after that would be nice.|I have TR1577 leaving at 15:54, would you like me to book a ticket?
No, thank you, but could you tell me the arrival time?|Yes, the train arrives in Cambridge at 16:43.
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay in a 0-star guesthouse in the center of town. Oh, and I need free parking.|I have the City Centre North B&B in the north and El Shaddai in the centre. Which would you prefer?
El Shaddai, please. I need their phone number, address, and postcode.|Okay, their phone number is 01223327978.
Great, thanks so much! What is their address and postcode?|The address is 41 warkworth street and the postcode is cb11eg. Is there anything else I ca help you with?
Great. That's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can  you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi?|Twenty one accomodations meet your needs. What part of town are you planning to stay in?
That doesn't matter as long as it's cheap.|There are 21 places in that criteria. What area of town? Or perhaps a need for free parking?
It doesn't matter. Like I told you, it just needs to be a cheap 4 star place with free wifi.|The Alexander bed and breakfast is the best option.
Okay I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes, of course.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : JVC5MSAV. anything else today?
I also need a train on Friday, departing after 9:00.|Ok. Where are you departing from?
i am departing from cambridge|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely, no need to book, but i need the train number, travel time departure time and arrival time|Train TR8792 departs at 09:50 and will arrive in Ely at 10:07. The total travel time is 17 minutes. Anything more I can help with?
That is all. Thanks for your time.|Your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a museum in the town centre.|There are 11 museums in the town centre. What would you like the entrance fee to be?
Find me the best deal, can I get the address and postcode of that?|Broughton house gallery	has free entry at 98 king street postcod cb11ln
Thank you. Could you help find me a train that goes to London Kings Cross and arrives by 09:15?|What is your departure site and your departure day and time?
I would like to depart from Cambridge on Wenesday.|I have a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would you like to book it?
I need to book the train fro 5 people. Are there enough seats available?|Yes, I was able to book the train for you for 5 people. The total fee is 118 GBP and the reference number is LJQGVGEA.
That's perfect, thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for today.|Great! Have a wonderful day.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|The cambridge chop house serves british food,  it is in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.
Great, what is the postcode and phone number?|The postcode is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223359506.
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  Can you please look that up for me.|i got 5 choices.  what time do you want to leave?
I just need to  leave on Wednesday and should arrive by 18:15.|Train TR2912 arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
What is the departure time?|I will be leaving at 17:00.
Ok, thank you. That is all the information I need today.|OK, if that's all you need, I'm happy to have been of service! Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a train departing from ely and should arrive by 14:30.|ok, what is your destination?
Cambridge, I need to leave on tuesday too.|Five trains match your description. The first leaves at 05:35. Do you want a seat on this train or on a later train?
This one will do. I will need to book for 4 people. Can I get the reference number once booked, please?|The booking was successful and your reference number is 2KELM023.
i am also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.|I can make you a reservation , how long do you plan on staying?
I need a booking for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|Your confirmation number is G1AP9UFL. Can I assist you with anything else?
Not at the moment. Thank you.|Okay, well, thank you for allowing me to help you.  Enjoy your stay!
Thank you. Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Need restaurant thats expensive and in the east of town.|There are five expensive restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you prefer?
It really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely expensive located in the east part of town. I need the postcode & phone number when you find one please.|IS Yu Garden, a Chinese place fitted to your tatse?
That sounds fine I need their postcode and phone number.|The postcode is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882.
Ok. Thank you for the information.|Your welcome and enjoy your meal!
I'm also looking for a train on Thursday, to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Broxbourne by 18:15.|I have train TR6457 arriving at 18:01 and leaving at 17:01,is that good for you?
That sounds fine. I need tickets for 8, please.|All set. Your reference number is YG7KTN9A.
Thank you very much!|Is that everything that you will be needing today?
I believe so. Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye
Hi, are you familiar with the Avalon hotel?|I am, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would love that. Can you book me a room starting on Friday night?|I'd be happy to reserve your room. How many nights would you like to stay, and how many in your party? And do you need any other information about the location?
I need a train that stops at london liverpool street and should arrive by 12:45, will you book it for me|I'd be happy to. Assuming you're departing from Cambridge, what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to depart on Wednesday. I'll need to arrive by 1245.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 9:59 and arriving at london liverpool street at 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like five tickets, please.|Ok.  You are booked for 5 seats on TR5874.  Wednesday at 09:59.  The total is 83 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is 8C6ZLYNK.
Thank you very much. That is all I need. Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I need a train that leaves after 17:30 on Thursday|Where are you leaving from and going on thursday?
I'll be heading from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|I've got a number of options for you.  Did you have an arrival time in mind?
No, I do not.|Okay the TR7360 leaves at 17:39. Will that work?
Sure, book it for 3 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : N1C90WGA.
Could you recommend a college for me to visit while I'm in town?|Christ's College is in Centre. Admission is free. Phone 01223334900.
Thank you so much that will be all, looking forward to Cambridge.|enjoy your time in cambridge
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves indian food.|There are 4 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a part of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match all of your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine, area, or price range?
How about a chinese restaurant in the centre?|Ok, I have 3 restaurants that meet your requests, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, I need a table for 5 people on Tuesday at 12:30. Could I have the reference number as well for that?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is Q9MQW1Q4.
I would also like a train on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge|I can help you with that! What is your destination, and what time are you traveling?
I want to go broxbourne and I'd like to arrive by 15:30.|I have TR5164 departing at 14:01 and arriving in Broxbourne at 15:01, the cost is 17.90 pounds. Would this work for you?
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 60 minutes.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes that would be great.|How many tickets would you like?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on that ticket, I don't need it booked but thanks. That's all I need today.|It was a pleasure working with you today. Contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a great day.
Hi! I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking to catch a train from leicester. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45. Is there a train that would work for me?|I can help you with that. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|TR8882 departs Leicester at 12:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 13:54, would you like to book a seat?
I would like you to book the train.|Okay, I can help with that but first please tell me how many seats to book.
Please, just book for one seat. I am also looking for places to go while I'm in town.|great, what are you interested in doing or seeing?
I would like to go to a swimming pool|I have about 4 pools in town. 2 are in the north, and one each in the centre and east parts of town. Do you have a preference?
Not really.  Pick the one you like for me.|i like abbey pool and astroturf pitch
What's the entrance fee for that place?|The entrance fee is not currently listed, but here is the phone number for more information: 01223902088
Great, thank you!|Can I help you find anything else today?
no, that will be all. Thank you, good bye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm stuck up here in Kings Lynn and really need to get into Cambridge. Can you look up a train for me please?|I can absolutely help you, but let's get some more information so we can book your ticket. What day and time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday after 17:00|I have 7 different trains. The first one after 17:00 is train TR1499. It leaves at 17:11 and arrives at 17:58. Would that work for you?
That works for me. What is the price for that?|7.84 pounds for each ticket. Would you like me to book the train?
No, I'm not ready to book yet.  Thanks though.  Can you recommend a latin American restaurant?|I'm sorry there are no latin american restaurant
Are there any in the centre in the cheap price range?|I have fifteen places to dine in the centre, in a cheap range. What type of food would you like?
What about one that serves Asian oriental food?|Dojo noodle bar and J restaurant both are available, which would you prefer?
Dojo noodle bar, can you book me a table for 7 at 20:30 on Saturday? And I will need the reference number as well please.|Good news, your booking was succesful.  Your reference number is K7LWVQ5A. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes can you please book the train for me as well?|Did you want the TR1499 booked that leaves on saturday at 17:11 and if so, for how many people?
Just the one ticket please.|Your seat is booked on TR1499 leaving Kings Lynn on Saturday at 18:11 for Cambridge, reference number is 0NGRLOZV. Is there anything more I can help with today?
That is everything I need, thank you.|Perfect. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you, that will be all!|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.|What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area?
could you check for something in the moderate price range?|I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?|You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by 08:15 in Cambridge please.|Yes for how many people ?
Oh, I don't need to book any tickets, I would just like to know the the departure time, price, and travel time, please.|Both options cost 37.80 Pounds, and take 105 minutes. One leaves at 5:09, the other at 6:09. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed today. Thanks, and goodbye!|please contact us again in the future. thanks. goodbye.
Hi, I I'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.|I have 17 different options. In order to narrow down an option for you, can you tell me what area you would prefer?
I am not sure but I do want it to have a 4 star rating.|We have 11 such entries. Does free parking matter to you?
Not really, but free parking could be nice.|If you have no other preferences to help narrow it down, may I suggest the Acorn guest house? It's very nice, with free wifi and free parking as well.
That is perfect.  Please book 3 days starting on Sunday.|Okay and how many guests will be included in the reservation?
There will be 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|You said Sunday at first and they you just said Monday.  Do you want it for Sunday or Monday?
Sorry. Monday is what I want.|I'm sorry, but the hotel isn't available for your stated days. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 2 nights starting on Monday?|There are no rooms available for 2 nights starting on Monday. How about a different day or a shorter period?
Okay, how about for 1 night?|Your booking request was successful!, Would you like the reference number? Or is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. I do need the booking number and would also like to check into a train.|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday.|Hi, we have several trains leaving on monday. Is there a particular time of day, you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave after 12:30|I have several trains running that day, the earliest I can offer that leaves after 12:30 is TR3108 which leaves at 13:32 and arrives by 14:32, would you like me to book your tickets?
Yes, please, and can I have a confirmation number as well?|Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to get?
I only need one ticket.  Thank you.|I have booked your ticket for one, is there anything else you need?
What is the travel time for the train?|The train leaves at 13:32 and arrives 14:32 for a travel time of 60 minutes.  Is there anything else you need?
That's all. Thanks! Goodbye!|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for a Saturday train departing from Cambridge.|I have several trains that will suit you. What is your destination and what time could you like to leave?
Norwich is my destination and I want to leave after 13:00.|TR8933 will be departing cambridge at 13:36 and arriving in norwich at 14:55. Would you like to book this?
Please book for 8 people.|Alright the book was successful, the total fee is going to be 112.64 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is 28O28GIJ.
Thanks! I'm also wondering if there are any moderately priced polynesian restaurants around.|I was unable to find any moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.
How then about Spanish or a pub that serves tapas?|La Tasca is a centrally located, moderately priced, Spanish restaurant.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please make that reservation for me|I will need some more information before making a reservation.  What day would you like it on and for how many people?
I need it for 8 people at 10:30 on saturday|Booking was successful for a table at la tasca. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : 3TR0F2B1. Can I help with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else|Have a great day!
I want to leave on staurday to go to kings lynn|What time did you want to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge to arrive in Kings Lynn by 18:15.|Okay, the TR2840 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes that sounds great. I need to book one for 4 people.|The total came 31.36 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is CKK48SQO.  Anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant that is moderately priced?|Sure, you have a cuisine I'd like to eat, or area of town you want to dine in?
I'd love some Scandinavian food?|I'm sorry, but there are no scandanavian restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to change your price range or the type of food?
What about Turkish food?|yes! there is anatolia or efes restaurant.
Could I get the contact info for that?|efes restaurant is at King Street city centre, postcode is cb11ln and the phone is 01223500005, can I help with anything else?
Yes, let's book a table for four there at 13:00 on the same Saturday.|I have you booked. Reference number is : U8RPPC0C.
Thank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome!  Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
I was looking for a chinese place in Cambridge.|We have several Chinese restaurants in the city center, is that where you were looking to eat?
Yes, the city centre was where I was planning to go.|Jingling Noodle Bar is my favorite!  It is moderately priced and in the Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
That would be fine I need the phone number, postcode and address please.|The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre cb23pp.  The phone number is 01223566188.
Thanks! I also need a train after 14:45 on Saturday.|Ok, and where will you be traveling to?
Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|TR1031 leaves at 15:11. Does that work for you?
Yes that works please book for 5 people.|You are set, reference number is 5S55128O, any other questions
No thanks. You were very helpful. Until next time. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge.|There are over 1000 trains coming to Cambridge. Is there a particular day, time, or point of departure that you're interested in?
I want to leave from london liverpool street on tuesday.|What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I would like to arrive by 9:30.|Sure, the train the arrives closest to that time is TR2715, arrives at 09:07. Shall I book it, if so how many riders are there?
Just one. What is the price to book the train?|The price of the train is 16.60 pounds.
Alright, Thanks. I'm also looking for a particular hotel, it's name is Hamilton Lodge.|I have found the place you are looking for. Its address is 156 chesterton road, would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Does the Hamilton Lodge include free parking?|Yes, they have free parking as well as internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, thank you.|Of course, what will the number of guest and the duration of your stay be?
Actually, I don't need the room booked. I think we're all set here. Have a good day.|You as well, goodbye.
I need a train departing Cambridge and arriving by 08:15.|Train TR5154	is departing cambridge to london liverpool street on friday, leaving at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Is this one okay?
No, I need a train to Norwich on Saturday.|There is a train that runs from Cambridge to Norwich on Saturday and arrives by 07:55.  Would you like to book it?
That'll work!  What time does it leave and what's the ID?|The trainId is TR0953 and it leaves at 6:36.
Can you also tell me the travel time? I'm also looking for an attraction called Primavera.|TR0953 going to norwich has a duration of 79 minutes travel time. Primavera is a museum in city centre, it is free to get in. Do you need the address?
Yes please, and also the phone number!|Primavera is located at 10 king s parade, the phone number is 01223357708. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! I appreciate your help.|Great. Glad to have been of service. Thanks for using our service.
Can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this saturday?|There are several trains departing from Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you traveling and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to Peterborough and want to leave after 12:00.|There are multiple trains leaving that day after 12. First one departs at 12:06.
Book the first one for 8 people please.|I have booked it and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : SLAC2W0W.
Thank you that is all I need|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Oh I almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star hotel with free internet?|I'm sorry, I am not able to find a 5 star hotel with free internet.  Would you consider a 4 star hotel?  There are 3 of those.
Yes, I would consider a star rating of 4.  Can you pick one for me please?|huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
Ok and does that have free wifi?|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has free WiFi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|Okay, I booked it and your reference number is CEVX0OU3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.|You are so welcome! You take care now, bye!
I'm looking for a train please.|Certainly. On what day do you want me to look?
on tuesday from cambridge to norway leaving at 2030 hrs|I'm sorry, could you confirm your destination so I can get an accurate schedule.
I'm sorry, I meant norwich, not norway.|I couldn't get you to Norway but Norwich is much more doable. I've got the TR2181 to Norwich leaving at 20:36 with a fare of 17.60GBP. Would that suit you?
That would be perfect. Could you book it for 1 person and provide me a reference number?|4SSOKT22 is your reference number. What else may I do for you?
No, thank you. good bye|Okay, have a great time and be safe.
I am looking for a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.|I have several options. They all leave on Friday; do you have a preferred departure time?
Eww, Friday won't really work for me. Do you have anything on Thursday?|There are 10 trains traveling on Thursday. The first train leaves at 05:54. Do you want to book this train or do you want a later departure time?
That train sounds good, can you book it for 4 people?|Booked! Your reference number is: 4T6UFRYC. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, what can you tell me about a restaurant called Meghna?|it is a moderate restaurant in the west. can i book for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 4 on Thursday at 20:30.|I booked it for you. The reference number is TCBE0PUQ.
Thank you, goodbye|Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on sunday that leaves after 18:15.|There are 59 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday after 18:15. What is your destination?
I'm trying to get to london kings cross.|What time are you looking to arrive?
I don't have an arrival preference but I want to leave after 18:15.|I have train TR9039 leaving at 19:00 and arriving at 19:51. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please reserve 3 seats for us on that train, thanks.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : T7JV2Z8H. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to dine at an expensive restaurant.|I have several expensive restaurants available. What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food please.|Is there a certain area of town you would prefer to dine at?
Yes, I would like the east area please.|There are 2 Indian restaurants in that area. I would recommend the sitar tandoori. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes go ahead an book it. Could I get the reference number please?|When would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be three of us dining on Sunday at 12:15.|Your reservation for a table of 3 at sitar tandoori this sunday at 12:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 99050JJK.
Thank you for your help. thats all i need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great time! Bye!
I'm looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I need to arrive at 15:30.|There is a train leaving Friday at 13:59 that will get you to London Liverpool street at 15:27.  Will this work for you?
No, I need one that leaves on Sunday.|If you'd like to go to London King's Cross, there are 104 trains that match your specifications. What time would you like to leave at?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street for 8 people.|Great, your reference number for the 8 tickets is: U9G8K0GF. Anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a place to dine that serves vietnamese food in the west.|I found Thanh Binh they serve Vietnamese food in the west part of town.
I need a cheap place to eat, does that restaurant fit that criteria?|Yes, Thanh Binh is a cheap place to eat. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 at 11:30 on Sunday. And may I please have the reference number?|OK, your reservation is booked, your reference number is RQ5HR7PY.
Great thank you for your help that will be all|It's been a pleasure, thank you.  Enjoy your visit!
Would you help me book a train for Thursday, please?|Yes, where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge|There are over 200 trains going to Cambridge on Thursday.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|That narrows us down to about 19 trains. Do you have a time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 15:45.|Then in that case, I recommend the TR0209	which departs from Kings Lynn at 16:11 and gets into Cambridge at 16:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.|There is nothing in the price range you mentioned.  Would you be willing to stay at a cheap hotel or an expensive hotel?
I would like a cheaper hotel.|Ok I Am going to book a cheaper hotel for you ,have a good day,thank you.
Can I get the reference number for that booking?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is Z3NAOPSY.
Is that for 2 people?  And I need it for 5 nights starting thursday.|I'm sorry, let's get your hotel choice fixed first. There is one cheap hotel - The Cambridge Belfry. It has free internet and parking. Can I book this one for you?
I prefer a moderate price one.|Is there an area you'd prefer to stay in?
In the east. With free wifi, please.|Do you need free parking?
No free parking is not necessary.|I found 3 guesthouses matching that criteria, I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Located in the east, 4 stars, and has free wifi. Will this one work?
Yes, book that one please.|Your room is reserved, ref# UCVH6QPU. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not that's it. Thank you so much!|Ok.  Thank you for choosing Cambridge Towninfo Centre.   We hope you enjoy your stay.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.|Sure. What is your price range and what side of town will you be interested in?
I would like a moderate price hotel in Cambridge.|I have some moderate priced hotels in the north and center.  Do you have a location preference?
I'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.|There are two 2 star hotels in the north part of town. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both include free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Either one is fine. I need to book it for 5 nights on Wednesday. There are 4 people.|I will work on that and be back with you in a moment.
I am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives at the destination after 13:00.|I will be happy to find one for you. What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and want to leave from peterborough.|I have a 13:17 or a 15:17? would those departure times work for you?
No I need an earlier train.|I'm afraid that's all we've got.
I'm sorry I may have confused you. I would want to go from Petersborough to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive by 13:00, so anything that will get me there before that.|Sure, when would you like to depart?
It doesn't matter.  I just need to get to Cambridge before 13:00.  I will need 5 seats please.|The TR5538 departs Peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38 with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket on this train, or should we look at some other times?
That sounds perfect, can you book that for 5 people for me, please?|Booked! You pay 66 GBP at the station. Reference number: Z66EG4L8.
You've been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.|Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I need a train to Peterborough on Monday.|The earliest train is at 5:06, do you want me to book it?
Does it arrive by 16:00?|Yes, it arrives at 05:56.
Are there any later trains? Also I need to get the price, departure time, and train ID when we find a suitable one.|Yes I have trains that arrive from 5:56 to 15:24. Any preference?
What is the train ID and response of the train that arrives at 15:24? I would like to book that one.|Train TR4765 leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 and costs 16.50 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge. Does TR4765 go from Cambridge to Peterborough?|Yes TR4765 departs cambridge monday at 15:06, arriving in peterborough by 15:56.  How many tickets will you need?
I was just looking for information for now. I do need some additional information on a place to eat though.|There are 110 restaurants in the area - are you looking for a specific type of cuisine?
I am thinking Indian food would be perfect and in the centre.|There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred price range or area in town you'd like to dine?
I do not have a specific price or location in mind.  Please just send me the address and phone number of an Indian restaurant.|Okay I have chosen the Curry Prince for you, which is a very popular location. Their address is 	451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their telephone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. That is all I needed.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that is arriving by 13:00 and leaving on Monday.|I can help you narrow your search if you give me your departure site and your destination?
Yes, I want to leave from Cambridge and I'm going to Broxbourne.|How about the TR1213? It matches your specifications and leaves at 9:01. I can book this train if you'd like.
How much does a seat for the TR1213 on Monday cost?|17.90 pounds is good enough. I'll go with that.
Thank you. I also need recommendations for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|There are several options with the criteria you provided. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
No, please pick one for me and provide the phone number and address.|The royal standard is a gastropub. It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre, phone 01223247877.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great.|how many people will be in your party?
4 people are in my party.|I'll also need a day and time for the reservation.
If you could book a reservation for Tuesday at 06:30 pm that would be most appreciated.|Ok, I have booked your reservation at royal standard. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for helping me get my reservations in order.|Have I answered all your questions today?
Can you tell what kind of food the restaurant serves and their address and phone number.|The Royal Standard serves gastropub type food. Their address is 290 Mill Road City Centre and their phone is 01223247877.
Thank you.|You are quite welcome.  Enjoy your meal and please let me know if you need assistance with reservations during your visit.
Hi, can you give me information on trains? I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on Sunday, heading to Cambridge.|Yes, there are several leaving every 2 hours.  The ride is 88 minutes long.  Can I reserve a seat for you?
Can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at Cambridge by 20:30?|I have one arriving at 19:07 would that be okay?
Yes. What is the price and train ID of that one?|The trainID is TR8260 and the price is 13.28 pounds. You said you wanted one seat reserved for this train?
Yes please. I am also looking for a restaurant in the west side of the city. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant.|I have several places, which type of food do you prefer?
I don't have a preference, but I'd like to book the same day for 2 people at 13:15. I also need the reference number.|What date would you like the reservation for?
On Sunday as well. May I also have the reference number please?|I reserved you a table at Graffiti. It's a great british restaurant in the west. Your reference number is SSXX4DVL. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  Appreciate your help.|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I am  looking for information in Cambridge.  looking for a restaurant.|Sure, what kind of restaurant?
It doesn't matter but it should be expensive and it should be in the centre.|Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, we would like American type food.|We actually have different categories of american food -- latin american, modern american, north american, and "the americas." Which of these would you prefer?
How about latin america?|I'm sorry. I have no results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different food type, price range, or area?
How about North American cuisine instead?|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is expensive and in the center.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, for Thursday, 7 people at 16:45. I also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2FX5XCUM. is there anything else i could help you with?
I also need a train. Going to Ely Friday.|Okay and what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart Cambridge after 21:30.|The train TR9842 is leaving Cambridge on Friday at 21:50.  The cost is only 4.40 pounds and the travel time is 17 minutes.  Would you like me to book?
Yes please book that for me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : ZC86HRQ4. is there anthing else i can do?
That is all I will need. Thank you.|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for some museums, could you help me find more information on them?|Certainly. Cambridge has many museum offerings. What area are you thinking of visiting?
I'm open to visiting any area in Cambridge.  Could you suggest a museum please?|I suggest broughton house gallery located at 98 king street.
What's the postcode for that?|The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need to find a train on Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and arriving by 12:45.|The earliest arrival prior to that time is the TR9900 which leaves Norwich at 05:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:35. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, 3 seats in fact.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 50KBIWYY.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay thank you! No that will be everything.|Thank you for calling today.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.|I have several options for you. Do you prefer a specific type of food, or location?
I would like something in the center of town, please.|There are many restaurants that match your needs. Do you have any food preferences?
No preference, just need the address and phone number of the restaurant. Also I am needing a train from Cambridge, nee to leave after 12:15.|There are 110 different options. Might I suggest Kymmoy? The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223311911.
That sounds good, thanks. I also need to get from cambridge to kings lynn on saturday. I can leave anytime after 12:15.|I found 11trains, would a 13:11 departure work for you?
Yes, that would definitely work for me.  Thanks.|Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes please, can I get the reference number for 4 people|Sure thing it's booked, reference is 7QF5EFOW. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your trip.
I am looking for information on theatres in the center part of town.|There are four theatres to pick from.    I recommend the cambridge arts theatre, would you like more information?
My husband is into the arts so that might actually work out perfect. Can I get their phone number please?|Absolutely. Their number is 01223503333. They don't have an entrance fee listed, so be sure to ask them about it. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train to Cambridge.|Where will you be traveling from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on saturday. I need to arrive by 16:00.|Okay how about the TR4078 it arrives by 15:07.
Perfect. I will need tickets for 6 people. Please provide the reference number.|No problem!  Your reference # is BBJ1JTXU.  The total fee is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.|I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.|Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi|May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.|We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking?|Yes it most certainly does.
What's the price range, postcode and address please|The Kirkwood House is moderately priced and is located at 172 Chesteron Road, CB4 1DA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.|Okay.  The guesthouse is Kirkwood House and it is moderately priced, located at 172 Chesterton Road  Reference Number CB4 1DA.
Hi, can you help me with a train for my upcoming trip?|Absolutely! Where are you leaving from? And where are you headed?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on monday and arrive as close to 20:30 as possible.|The closes arrival time to 20:30 would be Train TR4655 that arrives in Broxbourne at 20:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No, thanks. I just need the travel time and departure time.|The train leaves Cambridge at 19:01 and arrives to Broxbourne at 20:01 on Monday.
Thanks. Are there any colleges in the centre I can visit?|There are a few.  Downing College is beautiful and there is no entrance fee charged.
My i have the address please ?|Sure, Downing College is located on regent street. Do you need any additional information?
About the train, I know the arrival and departure, but need travel time (time on train)?|The travel time is 60 minutes. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all the information I need today. Thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thanks you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum in town|I have several museums listed, is there a specific type you are interested in?
Nothing specific, please just send me the address, phone number and postcode of the one you would suggest.|Ok Williams art and antiques is pretty universally enjoyed, gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, postal cb12lj, phone, 01223311687, free admission, so that's good for the wallet.
Thank you so much! I also need info on trains that leave on Monday after 11:00.|There are 278 entries that match your request. Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I will be going to cambridge and should depart from birmingham new street.|What time do you need to arrive by?
As early as possible as long as I leave after 11:00.|I will take the one on Monday at 11:00 can you book it for me ?
Hi, I am planning a trip for my family and could use some help with a place to stay.|I can help with that, what would you like to stay at?
I would like a hotel on the west side of Cambridge. I prefer an affordable hotel that includes free parking.|I have 2 hotels in the west. Both offer free internet and free parking. One is cheaper and the other is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want the cheap one.|The cheap one is the Cambridge belfry.
Please book that for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IKC0PEFS.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Monday.|sure I can help you with that, when are you leaving or when would you like to arrive and how many tickets would you like?
I need the tickets for 3 people. The same ones I am going to the restaurant with.|A train is leaving at 05:01 is that a good time?
I need to be in Broxbourne by 2:00. What time does the 05:01 get in? I'm thinking that might be a little early.|it leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01, my mistake
Okay, please book that train for the same group of people on Monday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : KPSSVAA1.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great thank you! That's all I need today!|You're welcome. Have a great trip! Goodbye
Hi, can you help me with some information on the train system?|Absolutely! What information are you looking for?
I will be departing Cambridge and need to arrive at London Liverpool Street on Saturday|Great I have several options for you. Do you know your departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after 18:15 please.|How about train TR2166 that leaves at 19:27?
That is fine please make a booking for 8 people|OK, you have 8 tickets reserved on TR2166. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RAEGFIL7.
I am also looking for places to go in town. Maybe a college?|The are many college's in town, what is your preference ?
No preference, just pick something for me. I'll need to know the area, postcode and fee to get in.|I think you would like Christ's College in the centre, the postcode is cb23bu and the entrance is free.
Thank you very much for your help!|You are welcome. Will you need a taxi or a restaurant reservation? I can help.
That's all for now. Thank you|You are welcomed have a great day . Enjoy your trip.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|I have 32 places that offer wifi, do you have a price range preference?
could you provide details for something in the cheap price range?|There are 33 cheap hotels with wifi in Cambridge. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
No, I have no preference.  Just pick one.  That will be fine.|I recommend alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road would that due?
Perfect. I'll need a room for myself, for five nights on tuesday.|Perfect, you are all set for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on Tuesday, your reference number is 22DG5770. Is there anything I can help with today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|I hope you not going to sit in your room by yourself for 5 days, are you sure that you dont want to know about a restaurant or attraction?
Actaully i will be on business so not out much but I do need a train, to cambridge leaving after 21:15|Ok great. What day will you be traveling?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15 on tuesday departing from broxbourne.|I have the TR9688, which leaves at 12:32. Would you like to book this train?
I need a train after 21:15.|There are 3 trains leaving an hour apart starting at 21:32. The travel time is 60 minutes and costs 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book one?
No thank you. I just need the train ID and arrival time for one of them.|The TR3112 arrives at 22:32.
Great, thanks for that information on the train.  Can you book for a train leaving after 21:15?|How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for one person.|Your total is 17.89 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your reference number is RAIYCNJU.
that is all i needed for today. thanks alot|thank you for using this service good bye
Hello! I'm looking for a train that will leave on Tuesday and arrive by 18:45, can you help me?|I can definitely assist you, where will you be leaving from and arriving to?
I will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at birmingham new street.|The TR3225 leaves at 5:01 and gets to Birmingham at 7:44.  It costs 75.10 pounds.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and get me the reference number?|Sure, I have booked it for 5 and the reference number is UGPE47OI.
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive italian restaurant.|I have 4 options in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like more information on?
I would like more information about the one in the south please.|It is frankie and bennys, the are in the expensive range.  the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and they can be reached at 01223412430
Could I have the reference number,|If you give me your preferred dining time and the number of people in your party, I can go ahead and try to make a reservation.
My preferred dining time is 15:15, for a party of 5.|What day are you wanting the reservation?
Tuesday same day as the booked train.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book a different time slot?
Yes, could you try and secure a 14:15 reservation perhaps?|Good news.  I was able to book a table for 5 at 14:15.  Are you ready for the reference number?
I am, thank you.|The reference number for your reservation at Frankie and Benny's is PEFYUPYB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful.|Thank you very much
Well, I am planning a trip and need some help with a train.|Of course, do you know your departure location and time?
I weill departing on thursday from cambridge and need to arrive by 10:30 in stevenage.|I have three, leaving between 5:21 and 9:21. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I need to know how much a ticket costs and how long it travels.|Train TR0552 arrives by 10:10 the ticket price is 12.80 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
Perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay with free parking|No problem, how many nights will you be staying?
I'm not sure of that yet. It does need to be in the north.|Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?
Hello, could you tell me if there are any 1 star lodging establishments that offer free wifi?|There are not any with wifi. Would you like me to checked higher rated options?
No, thanks. Are you sure you can't find 1 star hotels?|I'm sorry, I double checked but there are not any 1 star rated hotels available. Can I help you find something else that may be suitable?
What about 4 star hotels?|Yes, there are quite a few.  Did you have a particular price range in mind?
No. I don't have a price preference.|In that case, I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast.
That sounds great can you book it for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and want to check in Wednesday.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is:  VZPWHWLV. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I need a train on the same day leaving Cambridge|Okay! Where are you going?
i am going to cambridge|Okay, from where?
No thank you that will be all|Can I look up anything else for you today?
no that will be all.|All right. Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.
We would like to eat some Japanese food while we are visiting.|There is one Japanese Restaurant in town.  Wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
If the price range is moderate then yes but if it is expensive I would like to look instead for Chinese restaurants.|It looks like the Japanese place is expensive.  The jinling noodle bar is a moderately price chinese place. Would like me to book a table there?
I'm not ready for a reservation, but it would be helpful if you could give me the area, postcode, and phone number for Jinling Noodle Bar.|It is located in the centre area at 11 Peas Hill City Centre.  The phone number is 01223566188
Can I get their postcode please?|Yes, postcode cb23pp.  Can I be of further assistance today?
I could use some help finding a train to get me to Leicester on Monday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by 18:00|TR5465 arrives at 17:06. can i book that one?
Just to confirm TR5465 departs Cambridge and arrives in Leicester at 17:06? What time does the train depart?|Train TR5465 departs at 15:21.  Is there anything else you need to know?
thats all for today. thanks alot for helping|Thanks for contacting us, have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for information on train schedules going to Cambridge.|Do you have a particular itinerary in mind?
Yes, I was looking to leave Bishops Stortford on Monday sometime after 16:45.|The first train after 16:45 is the TR8925, departing Bishops Stortford at 17:29. Would you like to book one or more tickets for this train?
Yes, I would.  May I please get the arrival time?|There are several. One arrives at 18:07 will this work?
I am also interested in a place to dine that is moderately priced.|I have many moderately prices options. Is there a type of food you'd like?
British food sounds good. Somewhere in the centre.|I recommend Cotto, located at 183 East Road City Centre. Would you like a table there?
Yes please. I just need it for myself at 20:30 that same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. your reference number is G44NSDGJ. anything else you need help with?
thanks for your help. that is all i wanted|You are welcome. Did you want me to book your train tickets? That was left up in the air.
That is all.|Thank you for calling.  If you need any further assistance please don't hesitate to call back.  Good Bye!
Do you know where I can find the Peking Restaurant?|The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street in Centre.
What is the price range?|The Peking Restaurant is an expensive restaurant.  Were you interested or did you want to keep looking?
What type of food do they serve?|They serve chinese food. Would you like to make a booking today?
Maybe but could I have the postcode,food preference and phone number fot this Indiana Restaurants?|I'm sorry, I don't see any Indiana restaurants.
No, if I could get the phone number for the peking restaurant, that would be good.|You can phone them at 01223354755.  What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you,|Your welcome. Please contact us anytime.
Hey there, I need to find a train to cambridge from london kings cross|how about TR5219 that leaves at 05:17?
i need to arrive by 15:30 on friday.|TR4748 arrives at 14:08. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need one ticket.|You have 1 seat reserved on TR4748, reference #A4V9R126. Can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the north part of town. I don't want it to be too costly, so let's try a moderate price range.|Would you prefer Chinese or Indian?
Definitely Indian. Thanks|The nirala gets great reviews, its moderately priced and is in the north area of town. Would you like me to make reservations?
No, thank you. Can you give me the address, postcode and phone number, please?|Its address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone number is 01223360966 and its postal code is cb41uy.
I don't need anything else.|Okay, have a great day!
I need a train leaving on monday after 18:45.|There are a lot of trains running then. Did you have a particular station you were going to or leaving from?
Yes, I need to travel from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|I have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Do you think that would be a good fit for you?
That would be great can you get me 4 tickets for that?|That has been booked. Your reference number is SGEZXO5V.
I would also need a place to stay in a guesthouse with free parking|The Allenbell is an affordable guesthouse in the area. How does that sound?
Is it cheap? And do they offer free parking?|They have free parking and internet. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you book it for the same people for 5 nights starting on the same day|I have that reservation made for you the reference number is 2U1NU0BI.
Thank you.  That  is all for now.|its been a pleasure to serve you.
Can you help me find a train departing from norwich leaving on sunday?|I found 19 trains that leave Norwich on Sunday. Where will you be traveling to and do you have an arrival time in mind?
I am traveling to Cambridge, of course! I can leave Norwich anytime after 12:45|i recommend TR2974 which leaves 17:16. can i book that one?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need it booked for 3 people. I'll also need the reference number, please.|Okay, I've book you for 3 people on Sunday. You reference number is 4W6OGHUA. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|I have 12 options available that match your request.  What price range would you like?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should have a star of 4.|what about hamilton lodge? its lovely
Sure, thanks! Will you please book it for the same group of 4 for 5 nights, starting Sunday?|your reference # D4Z2BO28 anything else?
That is all. Thank you!|Thank you very much! I hope you have a great trip! Goodbye.
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town|I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.|There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks|i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?|No but would you like to try another location ?
Just something in the north, 4 star and free wifi?|Okay, there are 8 guesthouse listings fitting your requirements. What pricerange are you looking for, may I ask?
Do you have anything moderately priced? I need it for 6 people, for 3 nights, starting monday.|They're all moderately priced. I recommend the Avalon.
Sounds great.  Can you book it and provide me a reference number please?|I  am not successful with this booking. Do you want to modify the days ?
No, I will need to keep the days the same.|Your all set at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your ref number is 593EOJ4K, is there anything else today?
I need to check on a train leaving cambridge.|Can you give me what time you want to leave at? There are multiple trains leaving Cambridge.
The train should leave after 08:45 and should leave on tuesday.|And what is your destination?
I will be leaving from cambridge and arrive at leicester on tuesday.|The earliest train we have leaving is at 9:00. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.|How many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need 6 train tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station
Great!! Can I get the reference number?|Your reference number is KWH3J4WG. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thanks for your help.|You are welcome,have a good day.
I am looking for an attraction called Cambridge Artworks.|Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east area of town. It is located at 5 greens road, postcode cb13ef. Their phone is 01223902168, and entrance is free.
Thank you so much.|You're welcome and thank you! Have a great day.
Could you help me find a train going to Cambridge on Tuesday?|That's no problem. We have 202 results for that, though. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from kings lynn. But I must be in cambridge no later than 9:30.|We have the TR8782 arriving in cambridge at 08:58. Does that work?
That is good, how much does it cost?|Each ticket is 23.60 GBP. Would you like to book a ticket?
Actually, can you provide me with the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes for that
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
i am looking for information in Cambridge.|I can certainly help you with that! What do you want to know?
I'd like to stay at a guesthouse that offers free wifi.|Do you have a price range or area preference? Because if not, how about a and b guest house	located in the east and moderately priced.
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a great place. Do you need a reservation?
yes, please. 6 people for 3 nights starting on thursday.|Acorn Guest House would be perfect for your needs.
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.|Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester.|The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?|Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?|Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.|The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.|Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.|Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.|The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
Thanks for the booking. I also am looking for a guesthouse with free internet for all of us.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is available in the north area.  It's a moderate price range and has free internet.  How many days will you be staying?
We will be staying for five days.|And which night would you like to start your stay?
One moment. I am looking for 2 stars. Does Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have two stars?|It has 4 stars, should I book that for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.|Which day of the week is the start of your stay, please?
Is it available starting Thursday?|I just need to confirm before I book this hotel, do you want a 4-star hotel or 2-star hotel? Or does it matter?
Four star please  same group of people starting Thursday I need a ref number too please.|Your room is booked (Ref#QN4WVXJJ). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all today. Thanks!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hello! I am looking for a play stay, I would like it in the expensive range and to stay in the north|I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive hotel in the north area, would you like to try a different area or price range?
Are you sure there is no place to stay that is expensive and in the north?|Yes, I just double checked for you. There are some in the moderate price range if you're interested?
Yes please. An expensive hotel in the north with free parking and free internet. Can you book the room for me please?|I'm showing several guesthouses and two hotels in the north area and all have internet and parking.  Would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel, please. For 4 people and 4 nights.|I have 2 options here. May I suggest ashley hotel? Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Book it please!  Can you also provide a reference number?  thanks!|Yes, but I need the day that you will be arriving first.
Please book for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|I was able to book you, your reference number is HOR1CR41.  Any other questions today?
Nope. Thank you so much for your help.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a train leaving arriving in stevenage.|I'm sorry, can you clarify your departure and destination sites? Also, what day and time are you planning to leave?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.  This will be for Saturday and I want to arrive by 15:45|TR6998 will leave Cambridge on 13:21 and arrive at Stevenage at 14:10. The price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 6 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 payable at the station. Reference number is:  K6E4V6XO. Will there be anything else?
i also need food|I have 110 restaurants to choose from.  Is there a particular area or type of food you'd prefer?
Looking for something in the cheap price range that serves Danish food. If that is not available then Chinese food.|Charlie chan is a cheap Chinese place located in the centre.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|for the reservation, i need to know the day, number of guests and the time please.
For 6 people at 11:15 on Saturday.|Table for 6 at 11:15 on Saturday at Charlie Chan. They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes after your reservation. Your Reference# is : UQQI88M8.
Thank you that is all I needed. Good bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I need a train to stevenage on saturday.|The earliest train on Saturday leaves at 5:21.  When would you like to depart?
Much later, I can't leave any earlier than 16:15.|How about a 17:21 that will arrive by 18:10?
Ok can you book it for me with a confirm number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MQ8762HX
Great, can you help me find an expensive 2 star hotel that has free wifi?|I would recommend Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge on the east side.
That sounds great.  Can you book a room for me?|Sure,  i can help you with that. What day will you arrive and for how many days will you be staying?
I will get there thursday and stay for 2 nights. I am the only guest staying.|Would you like me to book the room for you?
Yes please, for 1 person, 2 nights starting Thursday.|Unfortunately, this will not let me book at this time.
Is a 1 night stay available?|Your booking at express by holiday inn cambridge was successful for 3 days 2 nights arriving in Thursday for a party of 1. Would you like your reference number?
I need the reference number to confirm my booking at the hotel. You should've provided that to me.|Reference number is : 9ZTP686K.  Do you require any further assistance?
That will be all. Thanks.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a hotel called limehouse and tell me a little about it?|It looks like it is in the North and in the moderate price range.
I would like to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. I also need the reference number.|I was able to successfully book this for you. Your reference number is 9BUA0SL0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd also like a train leaving after 14:15 on Friday.|where will you be departing from?
I need to go from Cambridge to Broxbourne.|i have several trains available. TR9351 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01. Shall I book you a seat?
Yes, please.  I'll need 7 seats.|I was able to successfully book your train tickets. Your reference number is 2463KQEG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I needed help with. Thank you.|Your Welcome have a wonderful day.
Hello, I'm looking for information on a hotel called Hobsons House.|Hobsons House is a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the west. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes I need accommodations for 8 people for 3 nights starting from Sunday.  I will also need a reference number once the arrangements are made.|Okay. Your reservation for 8 people, staying 3 nights, starting on Sunday at Hobson House was successful. The reference number is QGI4OAH5. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train.|Where would you like the train for and when did you want to travel?
I need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.|Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at the airport by 13:15.  Can I get a departure time and also the travel time for a train?  Thanks!|TR1610	leaves at 5:40 and is a 28 minute trip. Shall I book it?
not now. thanks for the information|Do you need anything else?
I'm good, that's all I needed, Thanks!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Stevenage that leaves after 10:30 please.|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|the TR3043 leaves at 11:21 if that works for you.
That sounds like it might work, but what is its arrival time if I may ask?|TR3043 arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
I would also like to explore the local architecture while in town.  Can you suggest a place to visit?|what about all saints church? its lovely
That sounds great!  Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|phone is 01223452587 postcode is cb58bs and address is jesus lane
Great, thanks! That'll be all I need. Bye!|enjoy your time
Yes, thank you.  I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.|Ok, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for creative food in the expensive range in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like for me to search for a different food type?
How about indian food?|I have 6 different restaurants that serve indian food.  I have heard fabulous things about the Curry King, would you like more information on the restaurant or book a table?
Could you book a party of 5 for 16:30 on Friday?|Your table is reserved under reference #IQGAYLK4. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge and need a train that will arrive by 12:30.|Okay, I just need the day you'll be traveling and I'll find the right train for you.
I need to depart on Friday.|I have several options. Is there a certain time you need to leave by?
I'm not sure what time I need to leave, but I do need to arrive by 12:30.|Ok great, the TR0637 will fit your needs. How many tickets will you need?
could you tell me how long the trip is?|TR0637 departs Cambridge at 09:39 on Friday and arrives at 11:07. The trip is approximately 88 minutes, barring any delays. There are few tickets left, would you like to book?
not now. thanks for the information|Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the information. I have all I need.|you are welcome.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|There is a guesthouse in the north of town in the moderate price range.
It should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.|The Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre of town and the Allenbell on the east side of town.  Which guesthouse would you like to book?
Alexander is fine. I need to book for 8 people. We'll arrive Wednesday and stay 5 nights. I'll also need the reference number, please.|Great, your reservation is booked at the Alexander, your reference number is Z8BRHTV8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|Great what is your departure city and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is peterborough. I'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.|Awesome. We have the TR9969 that leaves at 19:19. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, may I have the reference number?|Of course. I just want to confirm before booking. That was for all 8 people correct?
Yes it was, thank you.|Your train, TR9969, traveling from peterborough to cambridge on wednesday from 19:19 through 20:09 has been booked. The total for 8 people is 132 GBP and your reference number is JHCT9HJU.
Thank you that's all that I needed today|You are welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where are you heading in from?
I am actually looking for places to go. Specifically, I would like to find a park.|There are some lovely parks in Cambridge, and most are free. Do you have a preference for what area of town the park is in?
In the south, I will also need the postcode of the park.|I'd recommend wandlebury country park, their postcode is cb223ae. Will that be all?
I'm going to need a train too, is that something you can help me do?|Yes. I need more information about your trip first though.
what do you want to know?|Where will you be going?
to cambridge on sunday from london kings cross, I need 7 tickets and the reference number|Do you have a departure time or arrival time that you'd like to narrow the results down with?
I just need it to arrive before 20:45|TR1688 leaves at 13:17 and arrives 14:08.  Is that acceptable?
Is there any other trains?|TR1681 is probably the best one for you. It arrives at 20:08.
Great, thanks! Will you please book 7 tickets, and send me the reference number?|You're all set. Your total is 132.16 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GNNG4MNQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope, that's everything for today thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks, have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need to take a train to here.   I want to arrive by monday at 17:15.|Okay, there are plenty of options. Where are you headed?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Norwich.|I can get you a ticket on the tr8495 it will get you there by 10:55, or is that too early?
No that sounds good,please book it for me|How many tickets will you be needing?
I'm sorry I changed my mind. I just need the price per ticket please.|The price is 17.60 pounds sterling. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a moderate restaurant in the town centre that serves European food.|The riverside brasserie serves modern european food. Would you like to make a reservation today?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Monday at 14:00.|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: XLZVMYRL.
Great. I can't wait. Thanks! Goodbye!|Have a great day and enjoy your time in cambridge.
I need to find an expensive place to eat.|There are plenty of choices in the expensive range.  Do you have a particular food type or area you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for seafood.|loch fyne is an expensive restaurant in the expensive price range. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes. Can you book a table for 7 people on Monday at 12:45?|I'm sorry.  There are no reservations at that time.  Would you like to try another time slot or day?
Lets try earlier around 11:45?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JQPIEJ2R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I'll need a train departing from Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after 11:30.|There are 5 trains for that day departing after 11:30 what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't have a specific time I need to be there by, any train will do for the same number of people as before.|TR5949 departs cambridge at 11:36 and arrives ag 12:44.  May I book that for you?
Yes, please book this train. Also, I will need a reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee due at the station is 123.2 GBP and the reference number is F14S262Z.
Thank you so much for your help with the restaurant and the train.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food.|Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant located in the west part of town at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. You may contact them at 01223362456. Would you like to book?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 8 on Thursday at 16:30.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is WJCUA6MT.
Terrific.  I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Sure thing, when will you be departing?
Thursday and I'll be leaving from birmingham new street.|There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street at 05:40 and arriving at 08:23 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes I need a booking for 8 people please.|I was able to book the train TR4235.  The Reference number is : NIR4Z9CN.
that's all i needed thanks!|You are all set?  Or would you like some help with something else?
No that is all. Cheers, bye.|Okay have a great day!
I am looking for places in the centre to go to.|There are 44 great attractions to visit! Is there a certain type you were looking for? Perhaps a museum or theatre?
A museum sounds nice.  Do you have a favorite?  I need an address and entrance fee.|My personal favorite is the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology at University of Cambridge, Downing Street. It even has free admission!
I'll check that out. Can you also find me a train for Monday I'm leaving leicester?|There are about 19 different train schedule for your chosen date. May i know your preferred time of departure?
Sure. I'd like to leave after 09:45. I'm heading to Cambridge.|The earliest train after that time is TR0032. It leaves Leicester at 10:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds great! What's the total travel time on that? It seems like a long trip.|The duration of the travel is 105 minutes. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need the reference number|Can you please tell me how many in your party?
You know, come to think of it maybe I better book later. Some people may not be able to make it. I think that's all I need today. Goodbye.|Thanks for using the service, have a nice day
I am looking for a place called the jesus green outdoor pool.|Absolutely, would you like an address or phone number?
I need the postcode and need to know what type of attraction this is.|It is a swimming pool and the postcode is cb43px.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains to cambride on friday.|Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
Broxbourne. I also prefer a train that leaves after 12:45 on Friday.|The TR7015 leaves at 13:32 and arrives at 14:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. I just need the travel time and price, please.|Certainly.  Travel time is 60 minutes and a ticket costs 17.90 pounds.  What else can I do for you today?
That's all I need for now.  Thank you for the help!|Okay if you decide you need anything else come me.
Will do. Thanks.again. Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what can I help you with?
Are there trains leaving from Peterborough on Tuesday?|Yes, there are many trains leaving Peterborough on Tuesday, what are your arrival and departure times?
I'd like to arrive by 13:00. I'd also like to book seats for 6 people. Can you provide a reference number please?|Your booking has been successful. You will take the TR5060 at 11:48 and arrive at 12:38. Your fees are 99 GBP which you can pay at the station. FDPK5M0M
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the west side.|what about graffiti? it looks lovely
Grand. Please can you give me the postcode and phone?|01223277977 is the phone number. cb30lx is the postcode. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for calling. Have a fantastic trip! Goodbye!
Hello! I was hoping you could help me find a 0-star place with free wifi.|There are 3 hotels that meet your search. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced hotel?
I would like a moderate priced hotel please.|How about Cityroomz, the don't have free parking though.
Parking is not important. Can you book Cityroomz for three people staying 2 nights starting Friday.|There is no rooms available for two nights.  Would you like to shorten your stay or try one of the other 2 hotels?
How about one night?|Yes that worked! You are booked into the hotel for one night and your reference number is UOW30ZYV.
Thank you for that! I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge from Leicester. Can you help me with that?|Certainly, there are trains from Cambridge to Leicester every hour at 21 past the hour from 05:21 to 23:21.  Do you have a date or time in mind?
I need one that arrives in Cambridge by 8:45 on Friday.|I have the TR2293 leaving cambridge at  6:21 and arriving at 8:06. Would you like me to book that one for you.
Yes please I need that for 3 people please|Your reservation is all set, reference number 8BIYBUOJ
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
i'm looking for a place to stay that includes internet and free parking|What area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north, would you like to stay there?
that sounds great.|Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
Can you give me the price range, postcode and hotel type?|It is a guesthouse that is moderately priced the post code is cb42je.
Perfect! Thanks. Can you also help me find info for a train to Stevenage?|Yes of course. What day will you travel?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|And what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave from Cambridge after 14:#0|I'm sorry it looks like there was a typo in the time you'd like to depart, could you confirm your departure time again please?
Sorry, I want to leave after 14:30. Please let me know the time of arrival and travel time.|train with ID TR9765 leaves at 23:21 and arrives at 24:10. is that fine with you?
That sounds good - what's the total travel time?|The total travel time is 49 minutes and the price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like it booked?
No thanks, just gathering info, I am all set for now.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That is all for today. Thanks.|thanks you too
i will surely visit you henever i need your services|Have a great visit. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I want to try some local restaurants. What are your recommendations?|What type of food are you interested in?
I actually need a train frist. It needs to arrive by 13:00 and depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross Wednesday.|I will have to tranfer you to the person that does trains since I do restaurants. Let me know if you want to discuss food still.
I will also need the departure time and travel time.|train TR3844 departs at 11:21 and the travel time is 49 minutes. would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thanks, but I would like to see if there are any Persian restaurants in the south area of town.|No. Would you like me to try another type of food.
Do you have anything expensive?|there are five expensive restaurant in the south.
I need one close to centre of town|I have so many options including Africa, British and Asian. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the British.|I recommend the fitzbillies restaurant. it's on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
No thanks, but could you give me the zipcode for the restaurant?|The zip code for the restaurant is cb21rg. Is there any thing else I can do for you today?
no. i am taken care of. thanks. bye.|Enjoy your day, goodbye!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday to go to Cambridge.|Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Peterborough and leaving after 14:15.|Do you have a time that you want to arrive by?
no. book for 2 people and give me the reference number.|TR0904 has been booked for 2 people on thursday at 14:48, cost is 33 GBP and reference number is U120DUFH. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any facilities for multiple sports on the west side?|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions on the west side of the city. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area you'd like to try?
Can you please recommend a museum and give me their address?|I recommend Kettle's Yard on Castle Street. It is actually free!
Thank you very much, I appreciate your help. Good Bye.|Glad I could be of assistance. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance.
Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by 11:45?|Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.|I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you?
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?|That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel|There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.|Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?
I would love if it were a 2 star place. And a hotel if I can.|There are 2 hotels located in north. May I suggest the ashley hotel?
Perfect, I need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from Monday. If that fails try Thursday and I will need the reference number please.|Your reservation for 5 at Ashley Hotel this Monday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ZCPI0YPM. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I am looking to book a train.|I would be more than happy to help you find a train. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you would like to go?
I'm looking for a train that goes to leicester and arrives on sunday. The train needs to leave after 6:45 from cambridge.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 18:45, not the time I said before.|I have five options for your requested time with the closest leaving at 19:21. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is P5XAHU9D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap place to dine.|I've got several choices for cheap dining.  Do you have a preference of area or food type?
Centre area, no food type preference, what do you recommend?|I have several options. How about the Dojo noodle bar? It's located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Sounds great, I'd like to book for the same number of people at 10:00 on the same day.|Unfortunately booking at that time was unsuccessful, do you have an alternate time you'd prefer?
Please try 9:00 instead on the same day.|They are not open at 9:00 on sunday. May I suggest another establishment?
Are you quite certain you can't get me a table at 9:00?|I am certain. Their phone number is 01223363471, perhaps you can call and speak with someone.
thank you I will call them|You're welcome. Is there anything else needed?
Actually, book that for me. Same number of people on the same day.|It appears to be booked up all day sunday. Can I recommend another restaurant that might be open that day?
Yes please do I am having no luck, I need the reference number then too.|I can do the j restaurant in the centre if that would be ok
Sure we can try to book that.|That doesn't seem to be working either.
Can you please locate another restaurant for me please that is accepting reservations on sunday.|I am sorry but on Sunday cheap restaurants in the centre are all completely booked. Is there something else I can help you with?
Please recommend the cheapest restaurant that is available and book it.  We need to eat!  Thanks!!!|Okay, the river bar steakhouse and grill can be booked at 9:00 on Sunday, I've booked for 5 people, the reference number is RFTEXMIX, is there anything else I can help with today?
No, thank you. You were very helpful.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm going to a particular attraction called the cambridge punter. I need general information about it.|Yes, The Cambridge Punter is a boat and is located in the centre part of town. The address is 251a Chestertom Road and their phone number is 07807718591.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough on Tuesday.|There are 38 trains that meet your needs. Do you have a departure time in mind?
Yes I would like to leave at 17:00.|okay, the TR9395 leaves at 17:06 and arrives by 17:56. Would you like me to book this?
How long will the trip take and how much will it cost?|The trip will take 50 minutes and is 16.50 pounds.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No thank you. I will do that later. But I've got to get to work. Thanks. Goodbye.|Okay, let us know if there is anything else I can help with.
I'm looking for information on la tasca.|It serves Spanish food and is located in the centre of town.
Great!  Can I book a table for lunch Wednesday?|How many people will be dining with you?
I need a booking for 4 people at 12:00 on wednesday.|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is PN280GZ3. Do you need anything else?
I also need to get to Norwich on Thursday and I need to be there at or just before 14:30.|I'll be happy to book a train to Norwich for you.  On what day and time would you like to travel?
Well, Thursday.  Have to get there from Cambridge by 14:30.|I have found TR1530 that leaves cambridge on thursday at 12:36 and arrives in norwich at 13:55.  Can I book a seat on this train for you?
No thank you, I just need the travel time.|Okay! Travel time is 79 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all you can help me with.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to leave on thursday to arrive at broxbourne.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge sometime after 7:00pm.|Train TR0146 should fit the bill. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes.  I would like to book 4 people.|I've made those reservations the reference number is 2LAGCY07 and the price is 71.59 GBP.
Thank you.  Can yo also find an entertainment attraction in the centre of town?|I am sorry something more specific?
What about an attraction featuring architecture?|I dont have anything of the kind, should I look in another area?
I am looking for a attraction in the type of entertainment please,.|For some reason there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town, are you able to go to another part of town?
Can you try again? There must be something.|Not in the centre. Do you have any other locations in mind?
how about something to do with architecture in the centre?|There's plenty to choose from, and most of them have free admission.
I would like a architecture in the centre please.|I recommend great saint mary's church, they are at market square, postal cb23pq, phone is 01223350914, entrance fee is 2 pounds but it is worth the admission.  Any further questions?
No, that's it. You've been very helpful. Have a great day|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.|You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
A friend told me about an attraction called the scott polar museum.|Yes, there is.  It's located in the centre area and has free admission.  Would you like more information about it?
I need the attraction type and address.|The Scott Polar Museum is a museum located on Lensfield Road. Would you also like their phone number?
No but I do need a train that will depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge.|When would you like to depart or arrive?
I'd like to depart after 15:00 on thursday no preference on arrival.|TR8509 will leave Peterborough at 15:19 and arrive in Cambridge at 16:09. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
maybe, what's the duration of the train ride?|The duration of the train ride is 50 minutes.
And how much is a ticket?|The ticket price is 16.50 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I think I'll hold off on that. That's it for today. Thanks for your help. Have a great day.|Are you sure that there is absolutely nothing else that you need?
No than kyou.|Ok! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. It should have free wifi and free parking.|There are close to 30 to choose from. They are spread out throughout town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'd like to stay in the north part of town.|Do you have a preference for a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range. Can you help me make a booking somewhere that fits what I need or should I go elsewhere?|I can book you a room at the acorn guest house.  What day would you like to arrive and how long will you stay?
Does it have free wifi and parking?|Absolutely.  It is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.
Perfect. I'd like to book it from Thursday for 5 people. We'll be staying for 5 nights.|Excellent. Your booking was successful and the reference number is T4EPI1BI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I also need a train from cambridge to birmingham new street.|Sure, I have many I can help you choose from.  Can you tell me what day you'll be traveling?  It looks like this train will cost 75.10 pounds.
no I just need the departure time and the train id please|Yes, what day will you be traveling and I would be happy to help with that.
I will be traveling on monday.|What time on Monday would you need to arrive in birmingham new street?
I need it to arrive by 18:15.|Train ID#TR5435 departs Cambridge at 15:01and arrives at Birmingham new street at 17:44. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed today. You were very helpful, thank you!|Thank you. Let us know if you need further assistance.
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves British food.|I am sorry there are no restaurants that meet those requirements. Would you like to try another type of food?
What British restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? I'd like to book a table at 17:15 for one on Saturday.|I can book a table for you at the oak bistro. They are moderately priced and you won't be disappointed
Sounds great - can you book a table there?|Absolutely! For how many people and what day/time?
Just myself.  I'd like to eat at 17:15 on Saturday.|The British places are all booked up then. Another time or place?
How about 16:15 instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 8SS1T80V.
Can you help me find a train leaving by 10:30 going to stansted airport?|What day do you perfre to leave ?
I prefer to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.|I only have a 10:40 on Saturday. Is that going to work for you?
It will arrive by 10:40 or will leave then?  I need to arrive by 10:30.|Yes I am sorry this is the only option I have.
Okay we will be late. I need tickets for 8 people.|This train would have you arriving at 11:08 and is 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
If it is the only thing you have than I suppose I have no other choice, so yes. Can I get the reference number as well?|i'm sorry, someone entered the incorrect info. i can actually get you there by 10:08 on the TR2755 train.
Yes could you please book this train for me and send me the reference number.|You are booked, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CPRIO59Y, can I help with anything else?
Yes, help find a place to go in the south part? Say, boating?|Unfortunately there aren't any boating places in the south part of town? Would you like to try another area?
Any area would be fine.|There are two boat options in the centre, and one each in the north and east.  What would your preference be?
Tell me about other entertaiment in the south|I have two listings for entertainment, nusha and tenpin.
I have heard nice things about Tenpin.  Can I please have their address?|Sure! They are at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY. Can I help you with anything else?
maybe the address to the park|I'm sorry. To which park are you referring?
Sorry, I had a lot of background noise and didn't hear the address for Tenpin. Thank you for your understanding.|Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY.
Thanks very much for your help today.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, I hope you have a wonderful visit!
I'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.|Yes I have 4 examples from cheap to moderately priced.
As long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter.  Can you recommend one?  I do prefer hotels though, not a fan of guestrooms.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that meets your criteria. I only have 2 guestrooms that fit your needs, but no hotels. Can I look for something else for you?
How about a 4 star rating instead?|The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel that has a cheap price. Will this work for you?
That might just work out. Can I have their phone number please?|Of course. Their number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book the room?
Yes please. I would also like a train to broxbourne if that is okay.|No problem, where would you like to depart from, and on which day?
I would like to leave after 18:30 on friday. I want to depart from cambridge.|I would like to suggest the TR0943 train. May I book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and provide me the reference number please.|Ok, you have 3 tickets for a total price of 53.7 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is BIY1ALL0. Anything else you need help with?
No, I think that's it, thank you so much!|Okay, thank you for using our service.
Do you have any trains to leicester for Wednesday?|Yes, there are 19 trains running to Leicester on Wednesday, the first at 5:21 and then every hour thereafter. Would you like more specific information, or to book some tickets?
I will be departing from Cambridge after 12:15..|TR2854 leaves at 12:21 would that work for you?
Perfect. I'll need 8 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : J3I2TFTK.
Are there any nice parks in town?|I have 5 different parks in town. Did you have a certain area of town you prefer?
No, any you recommend will be fine. I'll just need a phone number, postcode and address, please?|I'd recommend milton country park on milton country park, milton, cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. Will that be all?
Yes, I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
Can you help me book some train tickets?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.|You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?|Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
I'm looking for a place to stay when I visit Cambridge. I want to stay at a 4 star guesthouse.|We have 18 available guesthouses.  Which area would you prefer?
I'd like some place on the north end, please.|There are 8 4-star guesthouses in north. Do you have a price preference?
I do not. I would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on Thursday.|Great! You're booked at Worth House with reference number 3HCUPL7S. Would you like more information?
Thank you!  Can you also help me with a train please?  I need a train departing cambridge on thursday.|There are 5 trains going to London Kings Cross on Thursday.  What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive 17:45.|TR5266 arrives by 15:51 if you'd like that one
What would be the price on that one?|The price is 23.60 pounds per ticket.
I actually need to arrive in leicester on Monday by 17:45 out of Cambridge. Sorry for the confusion.|I have train TR4564 departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would that be a good option for you, or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, could you please tell me the price for this train?|It is 37.80 pounds.
Wonderful. That's all I needed. Thank you!|Sure, would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book that today. Thanks for your help.|Anything else I can do for you?
Not today.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thank you very much.
Are there any vietnamese themed restaurants in the west side of town?|Yes, Thanh Binh. Do you want a reservation there?
Sure, I'll need a table for 3 at 19:45 on Monday please.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : EP1XT4JY.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes.  I also need to book a train.|Sure! What is your departure area and your destination?
I want a car to get me to Cambridge, arriving by 14:00.|What is your departure station please?
Please ignore my last post, I was distracted.  I need to leave Ely and get to Cambridge by 16:00.|What day are you looking to book train on?
I'll be departing Monday. Could you tell me the travel time of the train?|the TR6898 train has a travel time of 17 minutes and arrives at cambridge at 15:52. Would you like to book that train or get more information?
no thanks. i have all the info i need. have a good day. bye.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.|There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by 15:30.|There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?|8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?|Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 10:30.|Where will you be traveling to?
I am traveling to Cambridge.|What day are you taking the train?
I am leaving on Friday. What is the cost please?|The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a place to stay.|There are plenty of options available to you. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, stars, or type?
I'd like a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Okay, great! Do you have a certain area in mind?
I have no preference for the area, but I would like something that includes free wifi and is in the expensive price range, please.|I'm sorry. There aren't any expensive guesthouses available for a reservation. Would you like me to check for a cheap or a moderately priced one?
Could you check to see if there are any expensive hotels then?|There is the Gonville Hotel in Centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book but would you give me the star rating for the Gonville Hotel plus the address and phone number.|3 stars, phone 	01223366611, address 	gonville place.
Wonderful. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm actually in need of a train leaving Thursday after 16:00 from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.  Can you find me one?|Certainly, the earliest train by your specifications is TR1791, leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51. Would you like to book that train?
Great. Can you please give me the travel time and price?|Yes, the travel time is 51 minutes, and the price is 23.60 pounds.
Thank you! That's all I needed.|Your very welcome! Have a nice day!
Thank you very much.|Okay. Thank you again.
Hello, are their any trains going to leicester?|Yes, many! Do you know what day you're traveling?
I am traveling on Saturday and I want to arrive by 15:15. I will be departing from Cambridge.|The earliest you could arrive is 7:06. Would you like to try a different day?
Is there a time between 07:06 and 15:15?  Please check again.|Sure! There's one that arrives at 15:06.
Are you able to book that for me?|Yes, would you like a reference number?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets would you like me to book?
I need 8 tickets, please.|i booked that for you. your reference number is 12pc3j4w.
Thanks so much. I also needed to find out more information about Clare College.|They are in the west 2.50.  On trinity lane, postal cb21tl.  Entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, any further questions?
I also need to find something to do.|There are many different options available to you. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I just need a little more information on Clare College. May I have the phone number, please?|Certainly, they can be reached at 01223333200, any other questiosn today?
What area are they located?|Clare College is in the west.
Ok thank you for the information.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I need a train that will be departing from Birmingham New Street on monday.|Many trains leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave for Cambridge after 13:00.|TR1328 leaves Birmingham New Street at 13:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:23. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 8 ticket on that train, please. And may I have the reference number?|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 600.79 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is 35RQLG92.
Can you also help me find a place to visit while I am in town. Maybe a museum?|There are 23 museums. Which area would you like?
I don't have a preference. Could you just give me the phone number of the first museum on the list please?|The first museum is the Broughton House Gallery. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, Thank you.|We appreciate your business. Thank you for using our services, take care!
Where's the train that leaves around 14:45? It should also be going to cambridge as well.|I need more info on the departure site, date and time, please
I want to leave from Stevenage on Thursday.|The TR1596 leaves stevenage at 15:54.
How long is the travel time?|The travel time is 49 minutes for that route. Is there anything else I can help with today?
i'm also looking for stuff to do while i'm there.|I can help with that. Is there a certain type or location you are looking for these attractions?
I am looking for something in the west and in the theatre.|I have no theatre in the west can I look in another area?
Ok, what about an entertainment venue instead?|I found an entertainment venue called "Whale of at Time" in the west. Does this interest you?
That's great, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and if there's an entrance fee?|the post code is cb238el and the phone number is 01954781018. i do not have the entrance fee information. can i help you with anything else?
No that's it for today! Bye bye|Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy Whale of a Time - I heard its a great show!
I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay|Do you have a specific area or price range you'd like?
a guesthouse would be nice, it should have free wifi and parking and expensive price range|I apologize but there are not any guesthouses that meet those criteria.  Would you like to try a hotel or perhaps a different price range?
Could you try one that is cheap?|I've got about 9 options that are cheap. To narrow it down, do you have a preference on the area of town you want to stay in?
Are any of those options that are cheap guesthouses?|Yes, they're all inexpensive guesthouses, though some are quite nicely rated, like Rosa's Bed and Breakfast with 4 stars.
That sounds nice, what area is that located in and what is their address?|Rosa's is located in the south area of town at 53 roseford road. Can I provide you with anything else?
I need a train to cambride.|There are several choices depending on what works for you. What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
Yes, the train should leave after 08:15 and depart from london kings cross on thursday.|Sorry, there are not trains  this hour. What other hour do you prefer to search?
There are no trains that leave after 08:15 in the morning from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Thursday? It doesn't have to be 08:15 exactly.|I have TR8410 departing at 09:17 on Thursday.  Would you like me to book that for you?
What time does it arrive and how much will it cost?|TR8410 will arrive at 10:08 and the fare is 23.60 GBP per person.
Okay, thank you for that information. That is all I need for now.|You are very welcome! Call anytime for assistance and we will be happy to help you further.  Have a fantastic day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that offers moderate pricing.|What type of food do you prefer?
I have a taste for British.|I have four options would you like a reservation?
Yes I would like to book a moderately priced one for 3 people at 14:15 on Sunday.|I booked you guys for Cotto at 183 East Road City Centre. Your reference number is 7U05R8OZ. Need anything else?
thanks i'm also looking for a train|Where are you traveling from and to on that day?
i am going to cambridge from norwich|TR9900 arrives in cambridge on Friday at 06:35. Would you like me to book seats for you?
I want to get to Cambridge at least by 11:30, no sooner and I just need the train id please|TR2365 gets to Cambridge at 10:35
Great!  Let's go ahead and book for three people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : PGURWWJB.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
am looking for a train. The train should leave on monday and should depart from cambridge.|There are many trains available.  Do you have a specific day or time in mind?
I would like to travel on Monday after 12:00.|What is your destination?
I want to go to leicester.|The next train after 12:00 leaves at 12:21. Would you like to purchase tickets for that train or is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd just like the travel time and train ID for that one please.|12:21 and time is 105 minutes. May I hemp with anything else ?
Yes, can you please tell me the train ID that departs at 12:21?|My apologies, the ID is TR4096 and the duration is 105 minutes. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for the information.|You're quite welcome. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
Hi! My friends told me about a restaurant called the nirala. What can you tell me about it?|Hello, the nirala is an indian restaurant in the north area. It is moderately priced.
thank you! Do you have the phone number for that restaurant?|Yes.  The phone number is 01223360966. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge and going to norwich.|There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you'd like to travel?
Yes, I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 16:45.|TR1036 will arrive at 15:55. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Not yet I need information on travel time and the price.|The option arriving at 15:55 would cost 14.08 pounds and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Thank you goodbye|Is that all you needed today?
Thats it, thanks|Thank you. Good day.
I am looking for the soul tree nightclub.|That's a great spot for nightlife! It's located in the city centre and they only charge 4 pounds for their entrance fee.
What area is it located in and what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday.|I can certainly help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. I'll need a train that leaves after 10:45.|I have train TR5754 that will be departing at 11:24 and will arrive by 11:52. Do you think that would work for you?
Yes that will work. Can we book for 5 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 7TR7SDNQ.
Thanks!  That's all I need for today.  Goodbye.|Thank you and have a good trip.
I am looking for a hotel located in Cambridge called the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.  Can you find some information on it?|Sure.  The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the west area.  It is a 4-star hotel with free internet and parking.  It is one of our expensive offerings.
Sound nice.  Can you book 2 nights for me starting Monday?  There are 8 of us.|This is actually a 4 Star Hotel. May i know how many rooms you will need for the 8 of you?
I will need 4 rooms for 2 nights. If the two nights doesn't work, then 1 night will work. Could I have the reference number of the booking?|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
i need a train out of cambridge after 17:30|I'd be happy to help. What is your destination?
I'd like to get to London King's Cross on Thursday.|The only option we have is the TR6595 which leaves at 19:00. Does thatwork for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Your reference number is STVHW0DA.
Can you locate a Starbucks Coffee near the train station in London King's Cross?|There is one 3 blocks from the station,is there anything else ?
I am also looking for a cheap place to stay that has wifi.|Ok.  There are 10 cheap places with wifi.  Were you looking for a certain part of town?
It doesn't matter, but I want it to be zero stars.|El Shaddai gets zero stars and so does the City Centre North B and B.
Which one of those is the cheapest?|It appears they about the same price.
Ok please book El Shaddai for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BV84E4XA. What else can I assist you with?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Have a wonderful day. If there is anything else just let me know.
I need a train from bishops stortford, please. I need to arrive by 21:45.|Sure, which day do you need to travel?  Are you going to Cambridge?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.|What time do you want to depart?
I'm not sure whatever gets me there by 21:45. Can you tell me travel time and cost as well?|Yes travel time will be 38 minutes and the cost of ths journey is 10.10 pounds.
That's great, thanks for your help.|There is a train departing Bishops Stortford and arriving in Cambridge at 20:07 on Monday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me. Thanks.|How many tickets would you like booked for that trip?
Just one please.|You are booked for Train ID TR5806 that leaves at 19:29. The Reference number is EOJDK0BY. Do you have any other concerns?
How long will be the ride and how much will it cost me?|The fee is 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. The duration of the ride is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much!|You are very welcome. Can I offer any other assistance?
No, I am all set, thanks.  Bye.|Have a nice trip.  Bye.
I am looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge in a moderate price range. Can you help?|Yes, there are several guest houses available, do you have a specific area you'd like to stay at?
No, I'm flexible on the area but I would really like them to offer both free parking and free wifi.|I would definitely recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for 7 people. We want to check in on Friday and stay for two nights.|I couldn't get you that length of stay at the Acorn. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different guesthouse?
How about 1 night?|They were able to accommodate you for one night. Your reference number is PG2V8WLA.
I also need a train leaving from norwich  arriving at in Cambride by 13:45|What day do you want to travel?
The same day as my hotel booking, please.|I am sorry but there are no trains available at that time.  Would you like to try another day or time?
Yes please.  Please recommend my best option. An earlier time would be fine.|We do have TR8151 that leaves Norwich at 12:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:35.  Would this work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Please book for the same day, Friday, and the same number of people, 7.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 09J2HO3T. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Thank you kind person for helping me!|Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Thanks for using our system!
I need a train after 20:00 on Tuesday, please.|There are more than 2800 trains that leave on Tuesday and arrive before 20:00. What are your departure and destination points?
Of course. I'd like to leave from Cambridge and head to London King's Cross.|TR5941 leaves at 21:00 and arrives at 21:51.  TR6595 leaves at 23:00 and arrives by 23:51.  Which do you prefer?
TR5941 is good. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Wait. I also need a place to stay.|Certainly! We have numbers of hotels. Any particular area or price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the east. And I only like to stay at 4-star rated places.|There are 6 four-star guesthouses in the east. Do you need free parking or Internet?
I would like free parking.|There are 5 options available to you meeting that critera.  Are you looking for a specific price range?
Something moderately priced would be best.|I have 2 that I can try booking for you. How many in your party and how long is your stay going to be?
I do not have that information at the moment.|Unfortunately I will need this information in order to book the room. Would like to call back at another time when you have that information?
Ok sorry I will call back when I have that information.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can I have the address and hotel type for one of hotels? I'd take whichever one that you recommend.|I have chosen the Warkworth House for you! It has parking along with internet capabilities. The address is 138 Perne Road.
Excellent. That's all I will need.|Great. Glad to help. Have a wonderful day!
Help me find a moderate priced british food place please.|restaurant one seven is a nice place. Do you want to book?
Not at this time. Could I just get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223337766. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Is that restaurant in the Centre?|Yes, restaurant one seven is located in the centre.
Perfect, could you just tell me their phone number?|The phone number is 01223337766
I also need a train from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday to arrive by 12:30.|TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives at 11:52. Will this one work for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need it for 8, as I said. Do you have the reference number?|Your reference number is T790DS3O and the total fee is 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station.
Actually, I need to change my reservation. I need the train to arrive by 11:30 instead.|We will have to start over now.
Yes, sorry.  Tuesday, leaving Ely and getting to Cambridge by 11:30.|Your updated train is now TR4669. Your new reference number is 2T4NNGG9. The total fee remains the same. The train departs at 09:35 and arrives at 09:52. Anything else?
No, that should be all. thank you very much.|you are welcome any time
Okay, well I suppose this is goodbye then.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street|I can help with that! What day will you be traveling?
Tuesday, leaving sometime after 19:45.|Train TR3515 will be leaving Cambridge at 19:59 on Tuesday, and will arrive at London Liverpool Street by 21:27. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! Could you please give me a price?|The price is 16.60 pounds. How many tickets will you be needing?
thank you very much,that's2 all|If you'd like us to reserve tickets for you, please keep us in mind. We would be happy to help with that.
sure i will, thank you|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I need to book a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.|What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving on Tuesday, and would like to arrive by 8:30.|When would you like to depart Cambridge? I have multiple options that would have an arrival time prior to 8:30
Departure time is flexible, but mid-day would be nice.|There are 2 midday trains: TR6009 departs at 11:21 and TR0743 departs at 13:21.  Could I book one of these for you?
Yes please, the TR6009 sounds good.|Ok. I will book the TR6009 for you. How many tickets should I book?
Just one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7HK6895I. Can I assist you any further?
Yes.  I would like a guesthouse with free wifi, please.|Sounds good. I will be glad to take care of that for you.
Thanks! I need a 0-star place.|I found 2 places matching that, city centre north b and b, and el shaddai. Which would you like to book?
Can you tell me if either of these have free parking?|Yes, both the city centre north b and b, and el shaddai have free parking. Do you have a preference?
I don't care.|Alright. How many people are you booking for? What night will begin your stay, and how many night will you be staying?
I don't need rooms reserved at this time. That was actually all the information I need today. Thanks for your help.|It was my pleasure to help. You have a wonderful day.
Planning for  a trip in Cambridge.|Great!  I can help you with train information, if you need it.
I am looking to book a train to Broxbourne on Friday.|What time would you like to leave? The trains begin to leave at 05:01 and leave once an hour after that.
The train should depart from broxbourne and should leave on friday.|Is there a specific time when you need to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 13:30 please.|We have TR4848. It will depart Broxbourne at 11:32 and arrive at 12:32. The price is 17.90 pounds.
Great! That sounds perfect. I'm also looking for a hotel, nothing too shabby, no less than a 4 star hotel, please.|I have 3 options for you. All of them offer free parking and wifi. Two are located in the west, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
One in the west will be fine. I'll need it for Friday, 4 nights, and 2 people.|The huntingdon marriott hotel Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MD3ZB2FO.
Perfect! Thank you.|What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed.  Thank you very much!|I am glad to help have a nice stay
Thank you good bye.|you're welcome. thank you for using our system. goodbye.
I'm needing to find a train that goes to Cambridge. I want to arrive by 13:15.|I can certainly help you with that. What day are you traveling, and what is your departure station?
I need to leave from Leicester on Saturday.|The latest train to get you there in time would be train TR6210. It departs at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54. Would that work for you?
I think so, how much does that one cost per ticket?|The price is 30.24 pounds.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses in the east side of the city?|Yes, there are 6 guesthouses on the east side. Do you have a price range?
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse that includes free parking.|Sure the carolina bed and breakfast meets that criteria. Should we book a room?
Can you give me a price first?|I am sorry, I can't view that information at the time. But you can call them at 01223247015.
I will also need the postcode and the star rating of that guesthouse please.|The Carolina B&B is located in post code CB13NX, and has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's everything, I think. Thank you for all the help!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Looking for a place to go to in the centre area that has interesting architecture.|The holy trinity church is located in Centre and has interesting architecture its located on  	market street and its postcode and phone number is cb23nz and 01223355397
That sounds like just what I was looking for.|Excellent! Have a great day!
One more thing, could you help me find a train from cambridge?|I'd be happy to! Can you tell me more about your trip, such as your destination and when you'd like to travel?
I'm heading to Bishops Stortford, and I need to arrive by 14:00 on Friday.|I would recommend the TR3847 train that arrives at 06:07. Will that work?
Is there anything a little later in the day? 6 am is rather early.|How about Train TR8078? It leaves at 11:29 and arrives by 12:07.
Thats perfect,can you book it for me ?|Yes, how many tickets would you like?
Actually I want to book it myself. Can I just get the price and travel time on that?|The price is 10.10 pounds. The travel time is 38 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much! I appreciate all your help.|No problem.  Just want to make sure you have all of the information you need?
That is all I needed. Thank you and goodbye!|That will be all. You're welcome, goodbye!
Goodbye! Have a great day!|Feel free to call in case you need something.
Hi there. Can you help me find a train schedule? I need to travel on Saturday.|Yes there are several trains leaving Saturday. Do you have a particular destination or departure time?
Yes, I'd like the train to leave after 08:30 and I'm going to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.|We have several options open to you, do you have a particular time you want to arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 08:30. don't really care about the arrival time|How about the one immediately after, at 09:17?
Sounds perfect.  Can you give the details for that train?|Train TR4824 departs from London Kings cross at 6:17 and arrives in cambridge at 10:08. Would you like to reserve this?
How much will it cost?|It is 18.88 pounds per ticket
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|That's a great restaurant. They serve gastropub food and are located in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. Can you book a table for 5 people at 13:45 on the same day? I would also like the reference number.|Absolutely!  Your booking was successful and the reference number is SFAS5FEQ.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.|It's been my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Yes, I am visiting cambridge, and would like to know what theatres are available in town|There are 5 theatres. Will you be in the centre or south part of Cambridge?
Oh I'm not picky, can you pick one for me?|I'm going to recommend The Junction for you.  It's located on Clifton Way.  Would you like the phone number to see what is playing and when?
No thank you. However, I am looking for a train. I need to depart from London Kings Cross and travel to Cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
Wednesday and I need to leave after 13:30 please.|TR0397 will leave at 15:17 and arrive at 16:08. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes, that would be fine. I need to make the booking for 8 people, please.|I've booked that for you.  The reference number is 1LHOCOGA.  Anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thank you, good bye.|Please contact us anytime. Goodbye.
I'm looking information about a train in Cambridge.  Needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I will be going from Ely to Cambridge.|TR1537 will arrive at 19:52. Would you like a ticket on that train?
Not just yet.  Can I get the cost and departure time?|TR1537 will be leaving at 19:35 and the ticket is 4.40 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
Yes. I am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.|I'll be happy to assist you with finding a hotel. Would you like to get the train tickets first?
No, I don't need train tickets right now.|I have a Hamilton Lodge available in the north, with a 3 star rating.  It's moderately priced.  It's located at 156 Chesterton Road. Will this work for you?
Is it a guesthouse? I don't want to stay at a hotel.|Yes it is. Would you like me to book that for you.
I need a train from broxbourne|What day would you like to travel to Broxbourne?
I need to leave on Thursday.|Do you have time travel preference?
Yes, time travel would be fine. But I need to get to Cambridge by 11:45 at the latest.|My apologies about the confusion, it looks like the best option for you is the TR5979, which leaves at 10:32 and arrives at 11:32. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please book this for 8 people. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR5979, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : CNUS8VFV. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Will a guesthouse do, or are you only interested in a hotel?
Just a hotel, and it needs a three star raiting.|I've got the gonville hotel with a 3 star rating.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No thank you. I just need the price and the postcode please.|Certainly, the postcode for gonville hotel is cb11ly. the price range for the hotel is expensive, but I don't have the actual price.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|hobsons house looks good, it's got a 3 star rating and wifi. would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel. If so, could you get me the postcode and price range please.|Hobsons house is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb39lh. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
No, I'll book one when I get there. Thank you for your help!|I'm happy to have been of service. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I needed.|Okay then, you have a wonderful day!
I'm trying to find a train that goes to Cambridge arriving by 09:15.|Where would you be departing from?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street on Thursday|The TR4235 arrives at 8:23 and costs 75.10 pounds.  How does that sound?
that sounds great can you book that for me?|I have booked train ID TR4235 at a cost of 75.10 pounds.  Your reference number is 4TUDSXPZ.
Great, thanks!  I'm also looking for some places to visit in town.  Are there any theaters your recommend?|I have about 5 different theatres around town. If you would like a recommendation, I would suggest Mumford Theatre in the city centre. Would you like more info about it?
Any type is fine, can I get the address and entrance fee of one?|Sure the address is Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road and I am unfortunately unable to see an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
That's all thanks.|Thank you for using our service.
I need to find a place to stay with four stars in a moderate price range.|I have 11 different options available. Did you have an area in mind for your stay?
No but I'd like it to include free wifi and be in some kind of guesthouse.|There are 11 hotels that match your search. Would the acorn guest house in the north work for you?
Possibly.  I'd like their address, and to know if they have free parking.|They do offer free parking. Their address is 154 chesterton road.
Great! Also, I need to take a train from ely on Sunday.|OK, and what time will you be traveling?
I need to arrive in cambridge by 20:00 please.|Alright, I have eight trains of that type. They leave 35 minutes after the hour every hour, starting at 5:35 and running until 19:35. Would you like to book?
Can you give me information on the one arriving in Cambridge closest to 20:00. I just need the train ID and price. Thanks|The closest arrival time is 19:52, the trainID is TR4883 and the cost is 3.52 pounds.
Great. Thank you very much for your help. That is all for today.|I'm happy to have assisted you! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I need a train to leave cambridge and arrive by 19:00|sure, what is your destination?
My destination is going to be stansted airport|What day will you be traveling?
I should leave on Thursday.|Okay, the 17:40 train arriving at 18:08 will get you to the airport a little early.
Great. Can you book me 7 seats on that train?|Here is your reference number IVUVQUHJ and the total fee is 70.7 GBP. Is their anything else I can help you with?
I also want to eat Modern European in the south.|restaurant alimentum is the place for you! Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please, make it for the same group (7 people), 10:00 on the same day.|Your booking has been made at Restaurant Alimentum for Thursday at 10:00.  Reference number is 1U8QWEDC.
Thanks for the help! Goodbye.|Have a great trip!  I hope you enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.|I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?|There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?|No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre that I can try?|Yes, there are many. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
can you suggest one, I am not picky, just need the type and address|Sure!  The Golden House is a Chinese restaurant that's located at 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre.  Would you like a table reserved?
No thank you.  I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30.|I have 5 different trains leaving Cambridge on Friday evening, which destination do you prefer: kings cross or liverpool street?
I actually need to go to stevenage.|What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.|There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours starting at 17:21 and arriving in Stevanage one hour later. Which time do you prefer?
17:21 sounds fine. Please make a booking for 1 person and let me know the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : L9DAX54Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye|You're very welcome. Good-bye.
Where can I find the best architecture?|You must see great saint mary's church!!
Sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode for that?|Certainly! It is located in Market Square, which is in the center of town, and the postcode is CB23PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book the ticket.|I'm sorry, I do not understand your request. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, could you suggest some thai restaurants in the area?|You didn't select restaurant so I can not assist. Please fix.
I am looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. I need to leave after 15:15 on Friday.|TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive by 16:08. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds great I need reservations for 7. I also need the reference number.|Great, you're booked. The reference number is : WEHJ6M9J. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you call the police because my purse was snatched as i sitting on this bench talking to you.|Absoluting I will get right on that.
Jaja.. You're funny. Thanks for all your help today. Have a great day! Goodbye|of course, enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a college in the west.|There are five colleges in the west. Three are free, the other two have entrance fees of 2.50 pounds. Do the entrance fees affect your plans at all?
No, suggest one and let me know the fee and phone number.|Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233.
Thanks.  Can you also help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?|And what is your destination and day of travel please?
I want to get to Bishop Stafford on Tuesday.|What time of day would you like to leave?  I have a number of trains that may work for you.
I would like to leave after 17:45.|I have train TR5928 available that departs at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No. I just need to know the price.|The price is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
how long will it take?|The travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.|you are welcome. it was good working with you.
Hello.  I'm trying to find some places to go in town.  Can you help me with that?|Yes, what kind of a place are you looking for?
museum in the centre of town|I have several, is there a special one in mind?
Could you please name some for me? I'll need the entrance fee too please|Primavera and the Castle Galleries are two of my favorites.  They are both free.
They sound OK, I guess. Are there any more entertaining things to do in the centre?|Unfortunately I cannot find anything strictly categorized as entertainment in that area can you provide more specifications?
Just a museum in the centre. I also need a train leaving on monday from leicester to cambridge leaving after 15:30.|Do you have a particular time you'd like to arrive by? There are quite a few options for trains leaving Monday.
I'd just like to leave after 15:30, not really concerned with arrival time.|TR2985 leaves leicester at 16:09 and arrives in cambridge at 17:54.  Would you like help booking tickets for this train or another one?
I will the 16:09 one.Thanks|No problem with booking the train, I just need to know how many people (tickets) you're going to need.
I'll just need 1 ticket and I'll want to know the price as well.|I have booked to for 1 ticket, the price is 37.80 payment due at the station the train number is TR2985
Okay, than you so much for your help! Goodbye!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Feel free to call again if you need anything else.  Have a great day and enjoy your visit.
Hi, can you help me find a train out of Cambridge please?|I can.  Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be headed to Peterborough, and I need to leave after 15:45.|And what day are you traveling?
We would like to leave on Wednesday please.|There are 16 trains headed to Peterborough that leave after 15:45.  Do you have a preference on when you arrive in Peterborough?
No, I don't really care when we arrive as long4 as the departure is after 15:45|The TR7706 leaves at 16:05 and arrives in Peterborough by 16:56. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
Yes book the tickets,also I want places to go in town and I want it to be at the center of the town.|In the center of town we have vue cinema, cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries.
I got ahead of myself, sorry.  I don't need the train tickets just yet, but can you tell me the travel time for TR7706?|Yes, train TR7706 has a duration of 50 minutes.
Thank you.  Can please also confirm the phone number, post code, and address?|Yes, the cambridge contemporary art museum can be found at 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, phone number 01223324222.
Perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge please.|There are many trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from Norwich on Sunday.|Ok, there doesn't appear to be any trains leaving then.  Could you leave later?
I can leave at 10:45.|I apologize for the earlier confusion. We have several trains that will meet your needs. TR6419 departs Norwich on Sunday at 11:16. Will that work for you?
Yes. can you tell me the total travel time as well?|It is going to be 79 minutes total.
Great, that's all I need. Goodbye!|Have a nice day.
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?|Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday.|Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.|There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I want to go somewhere in the east part of town. Can you give me information on places to go and attractions there?|There's several different types of attractions in the east side. Do you have a preference?
I don't. Could you recommend something interesting?|I think everybody enjoys the Funky Fun House.  It is a great entertainment type of attraction.
Okay. Can you please give me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for the Funky Fun House then?|the phone number is 01223304705. the postcode is cb58hy. unfortunately, i do not have information about the entrance fee.
ok, i'm also looking for a train to cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I would be departing from stansted airport.|There are trains departing every hour.  If you can provide me with the day and time you would like to travel, I'm sure we can find something fitting your needs.
I will be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by 10:00.|The TR9084 will get you in by 8:52, or the TR0031 will get you in by 9:52. Which would you prefer?
What's the travel time for TR0031?|It lasts 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No that's all I need thanks for the help.|You are welcome happy that I could assist.
Thanks very much, goodbye!|Bye! Enjoy your trip!
Please give me some information on byard art|It is a museum in south with free admission.  What else can I help you with?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure thing 01223464646 and cb21sj.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.|Could you please tell me where you will be leaving from and day of travel
I will be leaving from stansed airport on tuesday.|I have a lot of options for you, was there a specific time you wanted to leave the Stansted Airport?
Yes, it should leave on Tuesday and arrive by 14:00.|I have a train that arrives at 13:53. Would you like a booking?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets.|your all set, confirmation #4WAQDQ0Y. Anything else?
I don't need anything else.|Have a great time and enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.|I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking?|In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.|Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave around?
I would like to leave after 10:30.|TR7372 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at broxbourne by 12:01, would that train work for you?
Yes that will work. I need to book it for 2 people.|i have booked that for you. your reference number is xhrx4ig7.
Can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?|What type of food would you like?
I actually don't need a place to eat. Thank you, that is all.|To be clear do you need me to fine you a place to eat?
That is helpful.Thanks|I'm confused. Should I look for a restaurant?
No, I'm sorry. That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using this service good bye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|great, what would you like to know?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the south?|There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Indian, or Chinese food?
italian food willl do|Frankie and bennys is available, would you like to book it?
Yea, please book me for 8 people on wednesday at 14:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 1E5RVHJE.is there any other way i can help you?
I also need a train.|What time and where are you departing and arriving?
I would like it to leave after 10:00.|There are 2058 trains to pick from. I'll need to know your departure and destination locations
I'll be leaving Cambridge going to Ely, I'd like to leave after 10:00.|There is one that leaves at 11:50 arriving at 12:07. Would that work for you?
It does and could you please book it for 15 people and could you also give me the reference number?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Sorry I actually need that for 8 people on Thursday.|You are all set, the reference number is OY6PZ53J cost is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .  Any other questions today?
Nope you've been wonderful, thanks for all the help.|Thank you for the call, have a great trip.
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.|I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book.
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.|Both the Gonville and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.|I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.|Ok, have a great day!
I need a train for stansted airport and I need to arrive by 19:30 please.|What day will you be traveling on?
I will travel in Sunday.|Okay. Where will you be leaving from please?
I want to leave from Cambridge.|ok the TR5009 arrives at 19:08.
Yes can you book that for me please?|certainly, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket please.  I need the train price as well.|There is no longer a TR5009 but have booked you for the next best. The price is 8.08 GBP
Actually, can you tell me the travel time for that?|I apologize, TR5009 is available. It is a 28 minute train ride, leaving Cambridge at 18:40, arriving at Stansted Airport by 19:08. Your reference number is 090MN9HI.
I appreciate your help. I am also interested in looking at a college while I am in Cambridge. Could you help me?|We have many to choose from, is there a certain area you'd like to be in?
No particular area, would you choose one for me?|Pembroke college will blow your mind, free adminssion located at trumpington street, postal cb21rf, phone 01223338100.  Are there any other questions today?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I want to book a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives in Peterborough by 21:45.|Not a problem. What day will that be for?
I would like to travel on Saturday., Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|I have about 8 trains going that route. The last train for that route arrives at 20:07. It leaves at 19:29. Would this arrival time work for you?
Yes, please book this for 4 people, please give me the reference number.|Ok. TR 4673 is booked for 4 people. The reference number is BY93GO28.
Okay great. Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book a restaurant for 4 people after I arrive.|I am sorry, I have no details for restaurants at your Bishops Stortford destination. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.|Are you sure? If you know which area, (east, west, centre, etc...), or what type of food you're looking for, I would be happy to find you a restaurant.
No, that's all. Thanks!|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am looking a train arriving by 17:45 that leaves on Friday.|sure, what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge and going to norwich.|TR7747 leaves cambridge on friday and arrives in norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for three people, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8MRK0X44.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Can you also help me find a British restaurant in the centre of town?|i have 7 british restaurants in the centre of town. which price range would you prefer?
expensive price range will be good|How about midsummer house restaurant?
That sounds good. What is their postcode and what is their phone number?|Postcode is cb41ha and phone number is 01223369299. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Thank you, that will be all.|I hope you enjoy your dinner.
Where can I eat in the centre for a moderate price?|How many people will be dining and what kind of cuisine would interest you?
3 people are dining and I don't care about the food.|The Yippee Noodle Bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre and has a moderate price range. What day and time would you like to dine?
I would like to book a table for 3 at 16:45 on Friday, please.|I'm sorry, but something seems to be wrong here. Can you please restate your requirements?
Just a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, Yippee Noodle Bar sounds good. If 16:15 doesn't work, I can change to 15:15.|I have a table for three booked for you at Yippee Noodle Bar on Friday at 15:15. The reference number is AFJU1TW5. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that goes from Cambridge to Leicester and leaves after 11:15 on Saturday|I booked 1 ticket for you on TR1165 and it leaves at 11:21. 30.24 GBP is payable at the station & your reference number is ORY3NAL2. Anything else today?
That is all, thank you very much.|Thank you for using this system!
I am looking for place to stay in Cambridge. I would like a 4 star hotel that includes free parking, please.|I have many available. Did you have a specific area in mind?
I have no preference in area but I would like something in the cheap price range.|How about the Leverton House in the east?
Does it include free parking?  I need the address, phone, and hotel type.|It is a guesthouse with free parking located at 732-734 newmarket road. Phone number is 	01223292094. Should I book it for you?
Not right now. Can you look for a train for me. It should go to birmingham new street and arrive by 15:45.|I have several trains can you tell me what day  you plan to travel?
I'd like to travel on Sunday, please.|I have train TR6725 leaving at 5:01 and arriving 7:44 on sunday. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please. I'll be traveling alone this time.|OK, booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Z42S9C3R. Can I help you with anything else?
No that seems to be everything. Thank you.|Have a great day!
I'm looking to take a train on Friday from Stevenage.|I have 10 trains departing from Stevenage on Friday. They depart every 2 hours beginning at 05:54. Can I book one for you?
Book me the train leaving at 7:54 please.|That's fine. How many tickets would you like?
Just one ticket please. Can you also tell me the arrival time?|You will arrive by 08:43 and your reference number is W1RIE69Y.
I am looking for some entertainment in town.|Do you know what you are looking for?  Do you want a museum or maybe the Cinema?
What museums are there?|There is broughton house gallery located in the centre or cambridge artworks located in the east. Both are free. Do either work for you?
They both work for me. Can I have the addresses of both please?|Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street and Cambridge Artworks is at 5 Greens Road.
I think Broughton House Gallery will work better for me. Can you tell me the entrance fee, please?|The broughton house gallery is free entrance.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that does it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you, have a great day!
I am looking for suggestions on where to go in town, I would like it to be entertaining and in the centre.|There are 44 attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular kind of attraction you'd be interested in?
Just some kind of entertainment.|There is a nightclub called club salsa if you like to dance. Would you like more information? There are also some museums and cinemas if that sounds better.
What is the entrance fee for the museum please.|The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is free to enter. Would you like the address?
I apologize. I need to clarify that I'm looking for an entertainment type of attraction in the center of town.|There are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town in the system.
Are there any parks in the centre of town?|Yes!  The Cambridge University botanic gardens are in the centre and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can I get their phone number and address, too? I also need to book a train from Cambridge arriving by 10:15 on Friday.|The address for the botanic gardens is bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265.
Thanks. Will you be able to book me that train?|Sure thing what destination and departure are you looking for on your train?
What trains do you have going to Bishops Stortford on Friday?|There are 10 trains that go to Bishops Stortford, did you know what time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 10:15. I won't need you to book tickets for me, but the trainID, travel time, and price would be super helpful.|There are 3 trains that arrive before 10:15. One that arrives at 6:07, another at 8:07 and another at 10:07. Which would you prefer?
The one for 8:07.  I just need the train id, travel time, and price. No need to book it.|Tr6809 leaves Cambridge at 07:29. It has a travel time of 38 minutes and costs 10.10 pounds. Do you need any thing else today?
That's all I needed, thank you very much!|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
Can you help me find a place to stay maybe a expensive guesthouse?|I have no expensive guesthouse's. Would you like to try a hotel or a different price range?
I was really wanting a guesthouse in the east with an expensive price range and include free parking.|I am showing nothing matching your request. Did you want to try another search?
Well, I preferred a guesthouse but since there are none, can you see if there are any hotels with my other specifications staying the same?|express by holiday inn cambridge	fits that description. can i book for you?
Yes please, 8 people for 5 nights starting thursday, and can I get the reference number?|Of course! Your confirmation number is : NA5IKOHZ. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's great! I need a train. It should leave after 20:45 from Birmingham New Street.|what day, monday or friday please? And how many tickets? And are you going to Cambridge?
Yes, I'm going to Cambridge and I need to leave on Thursday.|I have three trains.  Do you need to book some tickets?
Yes please.  And I need the reference number please.|I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Great, thanks so much|How many tickets will you need?
I will need eight tickets please.|Okay, let me work on booking that and I will be back with you shortly.
Thank you so much!|Okay, sorry about the wait. I have booked 8 tickets for train TR7324. It will leave 21:40 and costs 600.79 GBP. The reference number is 2I340EJN.
rad that's all i need now|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, Looking for a place to dine|You have come to the right place!  What kind of food do you like?
Nothern European food, please|I was unable to find any northern european restaurants
Ok.  How about just european?  Any luck there?|what is your price range to narrow down our choices?
I would like to find a expensive one please.|I have five restaurants that offer european foods, 3 at the center, 1 on west and that other one on the north. Which are do you prefer?
Whichever you recommend. Can I have the phone number, postcode, and address, please?|I recommend the Eraina. The address is on Free School Lane City Centre, cb23rh. The phone number is 01223368786
Okay. I;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by 08:00 in london kings cross.|I recommend TR3343.  It leaves Cambridge at 07:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 7:51.  Will that work for you? I can reserve a spot?
Yes please reserve a spot and give me the reference number after.|How many tickets will you need?
I will need two tickets.|I have booked you 2 tickets.
What is the booking reference number?|The reference number is NMEZYUQT. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help today|You're very welcome! Bye now!
I would like a train going to stansted airport.|From where will you be departing?
I am departing cambridge tuesday|I have several trains available.  What is your preferred time of departure and arrival?
I would like to leave after 20:15.|I have one leaving at 20:40 and arriving by 21:08. Only 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
Thank you. can also provide the train ID?|TR8238. Would you like to book it?
No thanks can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a type of food you prefer?
I'm up for an adventure, can you pick a good one for me?|Of course. I would recommend the Cambridge Chop House. It serves British food. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the postcode and the phone number.|Phone number is 01223359506 and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else?
That is all, thank you very much.|I am glad I can help and enjoy !
I'm looking for a train please.|Where are you leaving from and where would you like to go?
I plan to leave from stevenage to go to Cambridge.|Okay. There are 70 trains that go from stevenage to cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by day or time?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 12:15.|trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR1542	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	05:54	06:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	
TR5870	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	07:54	08:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	
TR7802	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	09:54	10:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	
TR8225	stevenage	cambridge	sunday	11:54	12:43	10.24 pounds	49 minutes	 are the opitions
Thank you, I will check them out and get back to you.|You are welcome. Call back anytime you are ready to book.
That information is very overwhelming. Can you please pick the best option that meets my criteria and book for 6 people.|I would like to book the TR7802	stevenage cambridge	sunday	09:54	10:43, please.
I think you're confused. I need the info, you're the help desk.|I apologize for the mistake. I have booked six tickets for you and your party on the TR7802 train departing from Stevenage at 09:54 and arriving at Cambridge at 10:43.
That's more like it. And, what's the reference number?|Your reference number is DDBA2U1R. The total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station. May I help with something else?
That was all. Thank you|Thanks for using our services.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Would you like to look into a hotel?
uhm, no. that's your job, weirdo. also, i need a train.|Where will you be travelling to?
I am going to Cambridge and arrive by 18:45. I need the train ID, travel time and departure time.|TR4748 deperts at 13:17 and arrives 14:08
thanks! what is the travel time?|The travel time for TR4748 is 51 minutes.
Ok, I do need a hotel after all. I need 3 stars and it should be moderately priced.|There are some lovely 3-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Which area would you like results for?
I don't have a preference. Why don't you pick one for me.|bridge guest house	 is a 3 star guesthouse in the south part of town with free parking and wifi. Can I book it for you?
Yes I would like to book that one.|Yes, please book that one.
I'm sorry, I don't need to book it at this time but could you please provide me the phone number to Bridge guesthouse? Thanks|01223247942. What other info may I provide about the Guest house?
Thank you. That is all that I need for today.|Have a great day.
Thanks you too! Bye!|You are very welcome.  Good bye.
I am looking for a train to London Liverpool Street.|There are many trains that travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Friday and arrive by 17:45.|TR5212 departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. It leaves on Friday 17:59. Would you like to book it?
No, that one won't work. I have to arrive by 17:45.|I have train TR9956 that departs at 15:59 and will get you there by 17:27. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would work. Can you book me 4 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station .  Reference number is : X5EM7DTZ.   Is there anything else?
Would you like to make another reservation?|Your train has been booked, reference number X5EM7DTZ.  Is there anything else that you need help with today?
what attractions do you have in the south?|There is a lovely park, Wandlebury Country Park.  There is a great theatre on Clifton Way as well.  It is called The Junction.  Do either sound interesting?
Can I get the postcode and entrance fee for The Junction?|I do not show an entrance fee amount and the postcode is cb22ad. Can I help you with anything else today?
No.  I think that's everything. Thank you for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I need a train from london liverpool street station on wednesday.|What is your destination, please?
I am heading to Cambridge for an important visit. Can you get me there by 11:00?|There is one train leaving at 7:39 arriving at 9:07 would that work for you?
That should be perfect.  How many tickets can I get?|You can buy up to eight tickets.
Just one is fine.|Ok. The price is 16.60 pounds for 1 ticket. Do you want me to book it?
Could you tell me the travel time please first?|Yes, it's 88 minutes. May I help with anything else?
That's all the info I needed today, thank you for your help!|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a 3 star place to stay that includes free parking.|I have five places that fit your requirements so far. What part of town would you like to be in and what is your pricerange?
I'm looking for something in the north. I don't care so much about the price, but I want it to be all inclusive, no charging extra for wifi.|Hamilton lodge is available, would that work for you?
does it have free wifi|Yes it does. May I book it for you?
That would be great. I need a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Thursday.|Alright, got your room booked. Your reference number is: 8XRZ12RV. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Kings Lynn on the same day as my hotel check in date.|I have 19 trains.  Where is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge and I should arrive by 20:00. Please book tickets for thursday for 4 people. I'll also need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FZ0XR4CR.
Great, that is all I need.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Hi, I'm searching for a place called Magdalene College.|I'm familiar with that school.  Great college located on Magdalene Street.  What would you like to know?
Yes can you please get me the info?|It's a college located on the west side of town. Admission is free and you can contact them at 01223332138. Also, the postcode is cb30ag. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need to find a train that will leave after 13:00 and arrive Cambridge.|How about TR4748 that leaves at 13:17?
does it leave on monday?|That specific train does not, but we have another one leaving at 13:17 on Monday departing from london kings cross. Is this one you would be interested in booking?
No.  I am leaving from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. I am NOT departing from London Kings.|Ok I changed it,Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm looking to dine at a restaurant in the centre that serves Austrian food. Can you help?|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the centre that serve austrian food, would you like to try another area?
That's ok, thank you for your help.|Is there anything further I can help you with today?
Do you have any restaurants that serve Mediterranean food?|There are three mediterranean places in the centre area, any price limitations?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant.|There are two la mimosa and shiraz restaurant, I recommend la mimosa would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the contact information for La Mimosa for right now?|No problem, the Phone number is 01223362525. Postal code is cb58aq, Address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need a train that departs from Stansted airport after 09:15.|Will you be traveling to Cambridge on the train? And if so, what day would you like to travel?
Yep, headed to Cambridge on Tuesday.|There is a train leaving at 9:24 and arriving in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thank you. Can you tell me the Train ID, please?|Certainly. The train ID is TR1610. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a ncie day.
Please help me find a guesthouse to stay in that has free wifi.|I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't care. I want a 5 star rating though.|I would need an area to narrow the search for you.
Any are would be fine. Can you just check if you have anything that's 5 star rated?|I do not have anything that meets that criteria.
How about one that is a 0 star?|I have two with a 0 star rating, one in the north and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
No, it doesn't matter. Thank you.|I recommend El Shaddai.  Can I get you information on it?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|You are booked with reference number 9N3UAJNA.  Anything else I can help with?
Thanks. I also need a train departing from Cambridge after 11:00.|There are many, would you be departing on Sunday?
4 people leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street on Friday, departing after 11:00. Please give me the travel and arrival time as well as the price.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 7LBIW6SB.
Thank you and please inform of the travel time and departure time.|You'll be leaving Cambridge at 11:59 on Friday, for a travel time of 88 minutes.
Okay. Thank you for al your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am all set.|Have a nice day.
Hi, do you know about trains that run from King's Lynn?|Yes, there are several. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Wednesday by train departing from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.  But want to arrive by 11:45.|for how many ?
just one, please|Okay, great. I've made you a booking on the TR8044. Your reference number is VIG3VTPJ. The total fee is 9.8 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Thanks! I also need a hotel (not a guesthouse!) with free wifi, please.|how about ashley hotel?
Can you tell me if Ashley Hotel is located in the South and does it include free parking?|They are located in the North and has free parking.
Okay, I need the address of a hotel in the south please with free wifi and parking.|I do not have anything with that exact criteria. Shall I change it?
Yes,  Can you look in the west please?|I have two hotels that meet your criteria. One is in the expensive price range and the other is in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer the cheaper one please.|The address for The Cambridge Belfry is Back Lane, Cambourne. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it for today, thank you|Thanks for using our services, goodbye!
I'm looking for trains for Thursday.|Sure. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Cambridge.|We have 202 trains heading to Cambridge on Thursday. Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Peterborough.|Do you have time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|Would you like an early morning departure?  Or is there a more convenient departure time for you?
It does not matter.  Please go ahead and book a train and provide the price and departure time.|i have booked TR7094 and leaves 07:19	with a price of 16.50 pounds
Im also looking for an expensive hotel in the west.|The only hotel that came up is huntingdon marriott hotel on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon do you want me to book it?
Do they have free wifi?  I also prefer that it have 2 stars.|Huntingdon marriott hotel does have internet but it has 4 stars.  Do you want to book there or prefer something else?
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi.|Do you have a price range or specific area?
Area is not important, thanks!|My favorite guesthouse is the Acorn Guest House, in the north. 4 stars and moderately-priced. Would you like a room there?
That sounds great. I'll need a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Alright! I have made your requested booking and the reference number is P6W6XFMK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|You are very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks! You too!|Do you need to book anything for travel?
Yes, please, a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|I have trains departing Cambridge on Friday as early as 05:39 and as late at 23:39. Do you have any preference on what time you'd like to depart by or arrive?
I want to leave after 11:15. If I do, what time do you think I will arrive?|If you leave at 11:39 on train TR7943  you will arrive at 13:07.
Thank you, thats all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.
I need to book a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving in Cambridge before 12:30.|I have TR4594, leaving at 11:29 and arriving in 12:07. Is that OK?
I actually need to leave after 20:30 on Friday. So whatever is closest to that time will be fine.|Okay. The TR4549 leaves at 21:29. Will that suit?
Yes that works.  Can you book it for 5 people and send me the reference number?|Ok I have 5 tickets booked on TR4549. Your reference number is NTPYZBY4.
Thanks! Can you also check and see what 3-star guesthouses you have?|We are listing four guest houses. Which area of town are you looking for?
The east part of town, it should also include free wifi.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that I can see on the East side of town, can I look in a different location?
Yes, are there any 3 star guesthouses in the west that include free wifi?|Yes there is Hobsons house is in the west and has free wifi.
Okay, I need a hotel for same group of people for two nights starting Friday, and I'll need reference number, please.|I have successfully booked the hotel for you! Your reference number is NKEKLJ0D. Can I help you with anything else?
That sounds perfect, I think that's all I need today. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome, thank you for using our service!
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge.|I have found 24 guesthouses in cambridge. Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I don't care but it needs to be cheap.|Okay, the allenbell is a cheap guesthouse, would you like me to make a booking?
Does it have free parking and internet?  Also, I'd like to be in the centre of town.|Yes it does and it in the east though, is that going to be problem?
Yes, I need one that is in the centre. Please give me the postcode, price range and star of the hotel.|I have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse available in the centre. It's cheap, 4 stars, with free wifi and parking. It's in postcode cb12de. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also needs a train on tuesday that arrives by 16:15.|What is your departure and destination locations?
I would like to depart from kings lynn and go to cambridge.|We have 11 trains matching your request. Was there a specific time you wanted to depart?
Whichever one gets me to Cambridge closest to 16:15.|TR8932 will arrive at 15:58 would that work for you?
Wonderful, could I just have the price for now? I may book myself later.|The price per ticket on TR8932 is 9.8 GBP. Will that be all?
Yes, thank you so much! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for museums to visit when I am in Cambridge.  Something on the west side.|The Cafe Jello Gallery is a great museum on the west side, and it's free to get in.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the address and postcode of this place. as well as how much the entrance fee is?|cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street is the address. cb30af is the postcode and the entrance fee is free
I am also looking for a train leaving after 11:00 for Kings Lynn.|There are several that fit that criteria. What day would you like that on?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Monday.|The first train leaving Cambridge is the TR3566 at 11:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I need info on a train that'll take me to Cambridge and leave after 9:00.|I'd be happy to help. I have several trains leaving from london kings cross on Friday; do you need to arrive by a certain time?
Yes, I need to arrive no later than 17:00.|TR8842 arrives in Cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price?|The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like more information or to make a booking?
No I do need a place to stay in the south.|I have four places. Did you have a price range in mind?
No but I would prefer a guesthouse with a 3 star rating.|I'd recommend the bridge guest house. Would you like a room?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|for how many people and when were you planning your stay?
I need to book the room for 2 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.|It is successfully booked your reference number is NRDSBQTY.
Thanks for you assistance, that will be all today.|Have a lovely day, thanks for using our services.
Thank you very much.|You're very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Please help me find a guesthouse or hotel that has free parking.  I prefer a guesthouse though.|There are many. Is there a particular area you prefer?
No, but I'd like it to be moderately priced.|they are many here. we can narrow them down by stating how many stars you want.
that could be anywhere. book for me  for 3 people and 4 nightsstarting from sunday.|The acorn guest house is a good option for you.
Okay sounds good can you make a booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|Great! I booked that room for you. Here is your reference number RKBQJ4LX.
I've got another request I need assistance with please. I am looking to Stansted Airport via train and need help booking it.|Sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
I will travel on Thursday.|Where will you be departing from?
Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge, to arrive by 12:00?|Where is your destination?
I am going to Ely.|On what day will you be travelling?
Actually, I need to go Birmingham New Street and will be traveling on Friday.|I have train TR3732 arriving at 11:44 that is the closest I have to 12:00.
That is perfect.  Can you book 1 seat for me please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : NCZQBZUY.
I am also looking for a guesthouse in the north that has free parking.|acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
yes, please. I want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from monday.|I am having trouble booking that for you. Lets try others.
How about tuesday?|Yes, I am able to book the Acorn Guest House on Tuesday, for four days. Would you like to process this?
Yes, give me the reference number.|Sorry, my system isn't able to process this right now. You may want to contact the hotel directly.
Okay, thank you. Good bye.|Good bye. Sorry I couldn't help more. Have a great day.
Can you help me find information about a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel?|Yes, its a four star that is a little pricey. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, the area of the city and the address.|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the West  and the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.
Thanks. I also need a train departing from cambridge on thursday.|My pleasure. What is your destination and do you have any time constraints?
I would like to go to Stevenage and leave after 11:00.|There is a train leaving at 11:21 would you like me to book this?
Please do. I need 8 tickets|I've made those reservations and your reference number is W29ZP27K.
thank you for all of your help|Can I be of further assistance today?
That was all that I needed today thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for attractions in the centre.|The city centre has many attractions to offer. Do you have a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
I would like the attraction in the centre, and I would like the amount of the entrance fees in the centre.|There are many museums with free entrance, or nightclubs with fees around 4-5 pounds.  Would you be interested in more information on any of these?
Actually, can you find a train to birmingham new street for me? I need to leave after 19:45.|What is your departure site and day of travel?
Should depart from Cambridge and go to Birmingham New Street|There are 28 trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter, the first train after 19:45 works for me. I need to book it for four people, and please provide the reference number.|I was able to book 4 tickets on train TR7769 departing at 20:01 and arriving at 23:44. Your reference number is H6UCCIBA. Is there anything else?
No, that will do it!  Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
What does Cambridge offer so far as expensive, German restaurants?|There's no restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you like to change anything parameters?
Oh really? I was hoping to eat expensive German cuisine in the northern part of town.|Would you like to search for something else?
Is there any asian oriental restaurants in the north area?|Yes, there is one called Saigon City. Would you like more information?
I would like you to book it. 2 people 18:00 on Sunday.|Okay, you're all set!  I have it booked for Sunday, 18:00, and for 2 people.  Your reference number is LR4G3953.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I needed. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Are you certain I can't help with a hotel or a train for you?
Yes, actually, I'm looking for a train. I'll need to depart from Cambridge after 20:00.|We have lots of those!  Where are you traveling to?
I am going to Ely on Sunday.|What day will you be taking the train?
i want to travel on sunday. i need to leave cambridge at 20:00.|TR0537 leaves at 21:50 and arrives in 17 minutes. Do you want tickets for that?
I'm terrible at math. What time does that arrive?|The arrival time is 22:07.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for calling and have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
Are there any expensive places to dine in the West?|sure, i have 9 options for you
Thank you! What kinds of restaurants are available?|I see british, european, and indian available.
Can you tell me about one of the restaurants that serves British cuisine?|Sure. The Graffiti is a restaurant that serves British food. The phone number is 01223277977. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. For Friday. 3 people at 16:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 86G11ZVP.
Oh thank you so much.  I also need a train from Bishops Stortford, can you help with that?|Sure, what will your arrival station be?
I will be heading into Cambridge. I will need it for Friday arriving by 12:00.|TR2083 will arrive at 10:07. Want to book?
No that's ok. I just need the travel time.|It is a total time of 38 minutes for the trip.  Anything else that I can assist with?
Yeah, can you confirm the time I need to be at the station?|The departure time is 09:29. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nothing else today.  Thanks so much for your help.  Bye.|Your welcome, Have a nice day.
Hello. I need to book a train ride from Ely going to Cambridge, can you help me with that?|Absolutely, you have plenty of options. On what day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Saturday after 12:00.|I have 6 trains leaving after 12:00 on Saturday. Do you have a preferred time of arrival to Cambridge?
No, I do not. I would, however, like to know the travel time.|The travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like the departure times?
Could you please confirm that train ID number with the travel time for me?|TR4698 leaves at 13:35 and it will take 17 minutes to travel before arriving at 13:52
Thank you. I'd also like to find a hotel.|I have about 9 different hotels to choose from. Is there a price range that would work better for you so we can narrow it down?
I would like a hotel in the north area in the moderate price range.|The Ashley Hotel or the Lovell Lodge should suit your needs.
What is the address for The Ashley Hotel?|The address for the Ashley Hotel is 74 Chesterton Road.
Well that's all I needed. You have been very helpful today.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I want a train that is leaving from broxbourne.|There is a train leaving from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Friday at 5:32 and will arrive there at 6:32.
That would work well with our schedule. Thank you!|You're welcome. Is there anything else you need help with?
No thats it thankl you|Did you need the train number or price today?
Yes can I please get that?|I am sorry. Do you want info or to book the train? The cost is 17.90 per ticket.
I don't need to book at the moment.  However, I was also interested in finding a restaurant for Friday.|What type of food would like to eat?
I don't really care about cuisine, but I would like something expensive in the center of town. What's your favorite high-end place?|I would suggest Loch Fyne. They serve the most amazing selection of seafood in the entire city. It's definitely an experience.
That sounds perfect. Could you book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on Friday?|Ok, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 56AHCPLE.
awesome. thanks for your help today|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|sure, do you need some information?
I need to book a train from Cambridge to Leicester, leaving after 20:00 on Sunday.|There are 4 options leaving after 20:00, by what time do you want to arrive in leicester?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I need to make a booking for 5 people. And I definitely need a reference number for the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is EM5AYOET. Will that be all?
Actually, I could use some help finding something fun to do in the north.|There are several swimmingpools as well as a park and a boat attraction in the north. do any of these appeal to you?
Can you give me the address for the park?|The address is milton country park, milton, cb46az. Will that be all?
no that will be all thank you|Do you need anything else?
No thank you.|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves Turkish food. Can you help me?|sure, i have 3 options for you
Great! Can I get the address of one of them.|May I recommend efes restaurant. They are located on King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you wtih?
I need the address, post code and price range for the efes restaurant.|Efes restaurant in the moderate price range located at King Street City Centre. Their post code is cb11ln
Thanks I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday.|Trains leave for Stevenage at 21 past the hour, every 2 hours. What time would you like to travel?
Well, I'd like to get there by 12:00 or a little before, so is there a train at 09:21 or 10:21? I'll need 1 ticket.|the TR0552 train arrives at 10:10 at stevenage.
Ok, can I get one ticket please?|Your seat on the train is reserved, reference #7D3H801W.
Well thanks a lot. You were great help.|Is there anything more I can be of assistance with?
Nope thats everything thanks|Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you find me a train on thursday?  I am leaving from cambridge.|Of course. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.|I have 10 trains going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I want to arrive by 15:00.|I have train TR5504 that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27. Would this fit your schedule?
No, find me one that leaves after 08:00 please.|TR2715 leaves at 09:59 and arrives by 11:27, does this suit your needs better?
Can you book for 8 people? Please include the reference number.|Your reference number is 8P0JZI40 and you'll owe 132.8 GBP.  Anything else I can do?
I also need to find a place to visit in the west part of town.|Is there anything in particular you'd like to see in the west part of town?
There's nothing in particular. Could you recommend something fun to do?|The magdalene college sounds like a blast and its also free.
Can you give me the phone number, please?|The phone number is 01223332138.
Great! What is their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb30ag
Thank you, that will do it for me today.|Enjoy your time at the college!
Hi. I am looking for a good attraction in the east part of town.|I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, would you like any information about that?
Yes.  What is the postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223368650, and the code is cb58ld. is that all?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives by 13:45.|What day will you be traveling, and what is your destination?
Tuesday, Cambridge to Brouxbourne.|There are 8 trains for you to choose from, do you have a specific departure time you'd prefer?
Not particularly, there will be 3 of us.|Booking was successful. Train ID is TR2368. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: K7SSYP8J. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're very welcome. Text us back anytime!
I'd be really happy if you could help me locate a place to stay in Cambridge tonight.|Absolutely, are you looking for anything specific?
I want an expensive guesthouse with free wifi|Which part of town are you looking to stay in?
I dont have any preference when it comes to where it is. As long as it is 4 stars|I'm sorry, there aren't any guesthouses that fit your requirements.
Then how about one in the cheap price range?|Cheap we can do! I recommend the Autumn House in the east. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, I would.  I need 3 nights, 7 people, starting Wednedady.  I need the reference number.  I also need a train to Cambridge after 14:45.|I was able to book the hotel, reference number is T8ZCCFKU.
Great! Now could you help me book a train from Stevenage going to Cambridge on Wednesday?|TR9675 leaves Stevenage at 15:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:43. Will this work for you?
Yes, no need to book, I just need the travel time.|The total travel time is 49 minutes for that route.
Thanks, that's everything. This is going to be a great trip!|You're welcome, and I hope you have a good time.
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.|What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area?
could you check for something in the moderate price range?|I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.|I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?|You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by 08:15 in Cambridge please.|Yes for how many people ?
I need a train for cambridge, I would like to arrive by 14:15.|I have found several for you. What day would you like to leave?
I'll be leaving Norwich on Friday.|TR8151 will arrive in cambridge at 13:35. Will that work?
Yes. I need two tickets, please.|I've booked that for you, and your reference number is U6FY6WAD.
Can you find me an expensive indian restaurant?|Curry garden is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at 19:15 on the same day?|Success! Your reference number is DBUN9LUJ. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes, in case you're running a little late. Need any other help?
Nope. I think thats it. Have a good one. Bye for now.|Thanks, you too.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a Saturday train.|Of course. I have 404 rail departures on Saturday, could you help me with your itinerary please?
I want to leave cambridge to birmingham new street and arrive by 20:45.|There is a train leaving at 5:00.
Ok, can I get the Train ID and the departure and travel time please?|The train you may prefer is the TR5867 that leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. It takes 163 minutes. Would you like that one?
That's perfect. I also need a hotel to stay in. Should be rated 4 stars|There are 21 hotels that meet your criteria. Let's try to narrow it down. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
Anywhere in the south. As long as it has free wifi.|I have 2 options for you, is there a price range you are looking for?
No particular price range. I would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|May I suggest Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?  It's a cheap, 4 star, guest house.
Can you provide me with the address and if they have free parking?|They do have free parking. The address is 53 roseford road. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks, just grabbing some information for now.   Thank you for all of your help.|Have a nice day.
I need a train leaving friday that will arrive by 16:30|Certainly, there are plenty of options, the train that arrives closest to 16:30 arrives at 14:43. Shall I book it, if so for how many riders?
Sure book 1 ticket from kings lynn to cambridge|Now that we've specified, we have one that arrives at 14:58, the TR6844. Does this still work?
I need booking for eight people if there is room. If so, book it and send a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 59LWLXZ4. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the north please|Certainly, there are 8 guesthouse type accommodations in the north area that are 4 stars. Does parking or wifi matter to you?
I am indifferent to parking but free wifi is a necessity.|All the selections have wifi, 7 of the 8 hotels are moderately priced, but one is in the cheaply priced range.
Great, book me one of those for 8 people. We'll stay from Friday for 5 nights. I'll need a reference number, please.|I booked you what you requested at the avalon hotel. Your reference number is J8LR3GIP. Can we help you with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Hello I am looking for a guesthouse please.|I have 24 guesthouses in Cambridge.  Do you have an area of the town you'd like to stay in so we can narrow down this list?
I would like to stay in the west. I prefer the hotel to have free wifi and be a 3 star.|There is the hobsons house which is 3 star and has wifi and free parking.
Could I please get the postcode, and the address for this guesthouse?|Sure the postcode is cb39lh. Their address is 96 barton road.
Great. I'll also need a train going to cambridge.|And where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester. The train should leave on monday.|I've got 19 trains that leave on Monday.  What time would you like to arrive?
I would like the earliest train available please. Can you tell me the train ID and travel time please?|The TR3173 leaves at 06:54 for a duration of 105 minutes. Would you like a seat booked?
Not right now, but I do need to know the fare for that train.|The fare will be 37.80 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, I think that's it for today. Have a nice one. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on Wednesday.|Can you give me departure and destination locations, please?
Yes. I'm departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.|The TR3470 leaves at 16:32. That's the first train on that route after 13:45.
Thank you, can I get tickets for 2 people and the reference number if successful?|I will book that for you now.
Can I have that reference number please?|I will have that reference number in one moment.
Okay thank you, and I need the postcode too.|Booking was successful. Reference number is ZT7XX7WQ. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go in town.  I'm looking in the city centre.  Do you have anything available? What is the postcode?|what kind of attraction do you want?
can you recommend something fun. i dont know this area.|I recommend Vue Cinema in centre.  The zip code is CB11ps.
thanks. i think that took care of everything. thanks. bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.|From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30.|the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.|Do you need parking at the hotel?
It doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.|We have some moderately priced guesthouses and some cheap ones. There are no hotels. Do you have a preference?
Guesthouse type is fine.|Which price range would you like?
I'm open to different price ranges. What is available?|A and B Guest House would be my suggestion? Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, how much does it cost, and I need the address & postcode too please|Their postcode is cb12dp and their address is 124 tenison road. The hotel is moderately priced
That sounds great thank you for your help.|You are most welcome. Good day.
I'd like to find a train please.|OK, do you know what day and time you're traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday and need to arrive in Ely by 9:30.|And where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge and I'll need 7 tickets total. Can I have the reference number after you book the tickets,please?|I have train TR1955 arriving at 08:07 will that work for you?
Yes, please book that.  Also, I am looking for a hotel named the allenbell.  Can you find information on it for me?|I booked 7 tickets for you on the TR1955. Your reference is JS5U3C0K. I will now help you find information on the allenbell
Thank you. I will need a price range, whether or not they have free parking, and the area please.|It's a cheap guesthouse in the east side of town. They have free parking. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all.|Your welcome. Is has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Hi I am looking for a hotel called limehouse.|Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse with 4 stars located North of cambridge. Their phone number is 01223300552. How else can I assist you today?
Can I book a room starting sunday for 4 nights and seven people?|Unfortunately I can't book that. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, would you try to book it for three nights?|The Limehouse has been booked for 7 people for 3 days, starting on Sunday. The reference number is QHGUALFE.
Thank you. Can you book us a train that gets there by 13:15?|Yes. I will need to know where you will be departing from and what day you would like to take the train?
I am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on sunday, it should depart from kings lynn.|I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:58. Will that do?
That's okay I guess, but is there any later train? We're not early birds.|Yes, I recommend train TR1152 that arrived y 12:58
That's much better, thank you. I'll need tickets for 7.|Great. I have booked 7 tickets for you. The total free is 54.88 GBP and payable at the station. The reference number is 68C4UWDM.
Thank you so much. I think that did it for today. Have a great one!|Glad to have been of help! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called ask. Please give me information on that restaurant.|Ask is an italian place in the centre area, they are in the cheap price range.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 1 at 17:15 on Wednesday.  Can you do that?|I was able to book that table for you. Your reference number should you need it, is DFEBH5D1.Can I help with anything else?
No. I think I am all set. Thanks.|You're very welcome, just let us know if we can help with anything else.
I need a train from norwich leaving after 09:15. Thank you.|Great, I have a train leaving there at 9:16. Would you like to book that?
Does it leave at that time on Sunday?|Sorry but can i get your destination please?
Going to Cambridge.|The 09:16 train from Norwich to Cambridge does leave on Sunday. You would arrive by 10:35. Would you like this train booked or would you like another time?
please get me  the reference number.I am  also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should serve Turkish food|Yes your reference number is 859RV3PT.
cool thanks for your help|For your restaurant recommendation we have meze bar restaurant on 196 Mill Road City Centre. Would that work?
Perfect. I'd like a table for 7 at 18:00 sunday.|I can book that for you now.
If there isn't a table for Sunday Wednesday will work as well.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FJ0AHWE8. Is there anything else?
what day was it booked for? sunday or wednesday?|It is reserved for Sunday. Is that acceptable? I can change if necessary.
It is exactly the day I wanted.  Thank you very much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all! Thank you!|Have a nice day.
I need to find a moderately priced north indian restaurant.|I'm sorry, I didn't have any luck with those requirements.  Can I look for something else?
How about an Italian restaurant, then?|Is there a particular area of town that you would like to dine in?
Any would be fine.|I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton in the centre area, would you like more info or a booking?
That sounds good to me. Can you please book a table for 8 at 12:15 on Saturday?|You are booked for a table for 8 on Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 9VEG3PSD. Can I help you with anything else?
I also will need a train.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will depart from Birmingham New Street.|What day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 09:30.|What day are you wanting to travel?
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:30.|TR4463 will get you there by 09:23, would you like more info or a booking?
Awesome! You were a huge help. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. I want asian oriental in the expensive price range|I have two choices for you. One on the north side of town and one in the city center. Any preferences?
Let's try the one on the north side of town. I'd like to make reservations, if possible.|I can try to make that reservation for you. What day are you looking to eat on, how many are in your party, and what time would you like?
I would like the reservation for 5 people at 18:45 on Friday.|I have made those reservations your reference number is WK0CPIFS
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for a train?|I sure can.  Which stations will you be using?
I need to get to Cambridge from Peterborough by 13:15 on the the same day as my reservation.|The TR7877 arrives by 13:09. Would you like to book that one?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.|The Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JU3L0EZL. Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all for today. Thank you so much for your help!|I'm happy I could help you. Enjoy your trip. Good bye.
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel?|There are a total of 18 moderately priced hotels or guesthouses. Do you have a preference as to lodging type? Also, what area are you interested in?
We would like a hotel and free wifi too.|Okay, I was able to find three with that criteria. Can I recommend the Ashley Hotel located on the north side of town?
Does Ashley Hotel have a 0 rating? That's what I'm interested in.|It has 2 stars. There is also cityroomz which has 0 stars.
Could you give me the postcode, address, and number for cityroomz?|Sure.  Cityroomz is located at the Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road, postcode cb12tz.  you can call them at 01223304050.  Can I be of further help to you?
I also need a train for monday.|Certainly! Where will you be traveling?
From Norwich to Cambridge.|Okay great! Do you know when you want to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 13:15 please.|Did you have a specific departure time in mind? You could leave Norwich as early as 05:16 or as late as 11:16 on Monday.
I don't have a preference for leaving.  Could you book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.|I booked 8 tickets on the TR9020 train. The reference number is 111OTIYE
Thanks very much for your help. That's all we needed today!|I'm glad to have been of service, goodbye.
I want to find a guesthouse place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four to choose from. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any area is fine I just need info for anyplace where a booking is available.|Can I get your booking information so I can check them for availability?
Yes I need it for 3 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|The Hamilton Lodge has availability. I went ahead and booked that stay for you. I can always cancel if you change your mind. Your reference number is XFD6ZAFT.
Can I cancel the reservation with you?|I cannot cancel the reservation but you can call to do so at 01223365664.
I also need a train. Leaving from Cambridge.|May I ask what day you would be traveling? And where are you wanting to go to?
Does Cambridge have an Indian restaurant in the Centre of town?|I have 9 indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
I need a cheap one.|I have 3, the gandhi is a great place.  shall I book a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 7 people at 5:15 on Sunday.|I have booked that for you, reference number is ZB89D8NC. Do you need anything else?
I also need to book a train for my trip to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from? And what day would you like to travel?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Sunday.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I'll depart anytime as long as I can get to Cambridge by 08:30.|Okay. How about TR8730, which would depart at 05:40 and arrive by 08:23?
Sounds good. Please, may I have the price, travel time, and departure time?|TR8730 has a fare of 60.08 GBP, the trip is 163 minutes, and it departs at 05:40. Would you like to book tickets? Or can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You have a great day as well.  If you need anything else, please do not hesitate to call back.  Goodbye!
Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?|We have christ's college 	in the centre
Perfect, can I get the address?|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street and their phone number is 01223334900. Do you need additional information?
how much is its entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee it is free.
Can you help me find a chinese restaurant?|Absolutely! What area and price range are you looking for?
Something in the Centre please.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything in the centre. Want to try another location or cuisine?
Can you check for a Chinese place with a different price range?|There are no Chinese restaurants in the centre, regardless of price. Want to try another location or cuisine?
What cuisines is in that area?|I'm sorry, there are actually 10 chinese restaurants located in the centre.  Do you have a price range preference?
I am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 18:00 on Saturday at a moderately priced restaurant.|Sounds like you have a fun evening planned, let make sure we have the right place for you all, any preference on price range?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant please.|I have booked you successfully at Jinling Noodle Bar on Saturday at 18:00. Your reference number is 2MOF0BGV.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
i also want a train to go to stansted airport|Ok I can certainly help with that. Please let me know your departure site, what day you want to travel, and when you want to leave or arrive by.
I'm heading to stansted airport from Cambridge on Friday and any train that leaves after 08:15 will work|TR7827 leaves cambridge on Friday at 08:40 and arrives at Stansted airport at 09:08. Will that work for you?
That sounds good. Please give me the travel time and ticket price.|The price is 10.10 pounds.
What is the travel and arrival time? Thank you.|The train leaves at 8:40 and arrives at 9:08.
That is all thanks.|It has been a pleasure helping you today. Thank you for calling! Goodbye.
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the West of town|There are a few places, do you have any preferences in attraction types?
Great!  I'd like to visit a pool.  Can you give me the address please?|No pools in the west. Perhaps another area or type?
Oh, that's too bad.  I guess just any place that you could recommend?  Something popular.  I'll need an address so I can look it up later.|I have abbey pol and astroturf pitch located in the east side. Would that work?
No, I really would prefer to stay on the West side of town|Since there are no pools on that side of town how about the funky fun house at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate?
Thanks. I also need a train for saturday.|how many tickets, where are you going to and from and what time would you like to arrive? I need this in order to help you
I am traveling from cambridge to stevenage on Saturday and want to arrive by 12:15. I just need the price, train ID, and how long it will take.|In order for me to get you a price, I have to know how many people are in your party.
Again, I just need to know the price of a ticket, the train ID, and the duration of the train ride between Cambridge and Stevenage.|I have train TR3259 leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 6:10 travel time 49 minutes. The cost is 10.24 pounds per person.
Thank you, that is everything I needed!|Have a good trip!
Hi, I need to find a hotel to stay at. It doesn't need to have wifi.|sure, i have 33 options for you
It needs to be a hotel and include free parking.|I have 8 different options. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
no but should include  free parking|I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, I need 3 people for 3 nights starting saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GWJTWC3Y.
That's all I need today, thank you.|Okay great. Glad i could be of help.
I need to find a train departing from Cambridge that arrives at 18:00|What are the other requests?
I need to go to leicester from cambridge, and i need to leave on sunday.|There are many trains available. TR5173 leaves at 08:21 and arrives at 10:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great can I get TR5173 booked for 3 people please?|OK I booked that for you.  The total fee is 90.72 GBP and your Reference number is : AVE1068H.
Thanks so much. I appreciate the help. Have a nice day.|Okay thank you for calling.
Hi I'm excited to try an international restaurant in the centre, are they are I can go to?|We have two moderately priced options, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, any preferences?
the varsity restaurant sounds good. Could you book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday?|I have you booked, the reference number is 206RQ761, can I help with anything else?
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|What day would you like to travel? Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|There are many trains available on Sunday. Any particular time?
I need that leaves after 15:15.|TR0189 leaves at 15:59. Is that alright for you?
that is very ok|How many tickets would you like?
7 tickets please and I'll also need to get a reference number from you, just in case|7 tickets on TR0189 is 92.96 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GAH6RYK1. Can I assist you with anything else?
No. I think you've met all of my needs today. Thank you.|I am glad to help. Enjoy !
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I'd love to help. In the future, these hits require more effort. Want something in the north?
Actually I need a train to Cambridge from Kings lynn on Saturday after 17:00.|The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.
can you book it for 3 and give me the reference number please ?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.52 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7FJ6TZUM.
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the west side of town.|There are three 4 star choices in the west part of town.  Two cheap and one expensive choice.   Do you have a preference?
Price doesn't matter but I need it to be a hotel.|Huntingdon marriott hotel would be great for you. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please. I will also need the reference number.|I'd be happy to help you book that, I will need the day you're arriving, how many people and how many nights?
It will be 3 people and 3 nights|What day would you like your reservations to begin?
That same day that the train is.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is NK5JAGZB, is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|Great. You are welcome to use this service again should you need it.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.|Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.|When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH. What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.|Sure thing, I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG. Will that be all for today?
Yes that was all I needed thank you so much.|You are welcome and have a good trip. Thank you for using  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge heading to Leicester|There are quite a few options for this trip. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.|There are 19 entries that match that response. Do you have a preference for time?
Yes. I would prefer to arrive as close to before 21:30 as possible.|TR8207 arrives at 21:06. Would you like to book this train now?
No, I don't want to book it. Could I get the departure time, though?|It will depart at 19:21
Thank you very much, could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for somewhere in the south and it needs to have free parking.|There are 4 different hotels in that area with free parking, did you have a price range in mind?
I don't but the hotel doesn't need to include internet.|The Lensfield Hotel is a three star rated hotel with free parking and internet. Shall I book this for you?
That would be great. I'll need it booked for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday.  Will you provide me with the conformation number when that is complete?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 52B5WQ2U.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I love the centre of Cambridge but I always spend too much, are there cheap places to eat there so I can stay within my budget?|Yes, there are several. Charlie Chan serves Chinese food, there's Mahal of Cambridge for Indian, La Raza has Spanish cuisine, and there are a few others. Would you like more?
restaurant should serve indian food is what I need|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
HOw about mahal and can you give their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223360409 and their postal code is cb21rq.
Great.  I'm also looking for a train.  I need to leave after 16:15 from London Liverpool Street.|Which day would you like to travel by train?
I'll need it to be on Tuesday. I'm going to Cambridge.|TR2855 will leave at 17:39, would that work for you?
make a booking for 1 people.
Make sure you get the reference number|I have booked the ticket for you, reference 4O9ZT5ZD.
thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, make it a great day!|Thanks! You have a great day as well!
I need to find a train to take me to stansted airport.  Can you help me?|I have many trains going to Stansted Airport.  What is your preferred departure and arrival time?
the train should leave Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 21.30|TR8261 leaves cambridge Tuesday at 9:40 and arrives at stansted airport by 10:08. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Yes I'd like to book for 3 and get the reference number if I could.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is TXK6U7DG.
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi please.|I found 12 hotels that match your description. Would you like a specific price range?
I would like a guesthouse that has free parking.|I would suggest the acorn guest house, would you like more info on it?
Yes can you tell me the address please?|Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, shall I book you a room?
Not now, thanks. I do need to find a train to cambridge that leaves after 17:30.|I'd be happy to assist you in finding a train to Cambridge.  May I please get your place of departure and on which day you wish to travel?
Departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday|Can I book you for train TR9408?
Yes, book for 2 people. And I need the reference number too pleases.|No thank you that will be all
What's fun to do on the south side?|Cinema Cinema is the first attraction listed.
What type of attraction is it and how much does it cost?|Cineworld Cinema is a cinema. I can't find information on the price. You may call them directly at 00872208000. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you call them for me please. I am not from the area and do not want charges on my phone.|Thank you so much for helping me find an attraction. I have the number and I will give them a call. You have a great day.
Find me a train that leaves on Sunday after 14:00 please|Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and I need a train that leaves the station any time after 14:00|TR5234 will leave at 14:16, would that work for you?
Yes. Give me the ref number please.|In order to get a ref number I must complete a booking first. How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I would like one train ticket please.|Your reservation for 1 ticket on the TR5234 train was successful. Your Reference number is : PGQKG62W. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the east. Phone #, postcode and food type please|You have three options for moderately priced restaurants. Do you prefer indian or italian food?
I would prefer Italian but Indian would be good as well. I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant. Thanks!|The place is called The Curry Prince and the phone number is: 01223566388 and the post code is: cb58jj.
Thanks for helping me with this.  I appreciate it!  Goodbye!|My pleasure.  Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge. It needs to leave after 15:00.|There are many trains that leave from Cambridge, where are you going and what day would you like to leave?
I need to go to stansted airport and I want to leave on Monday|Ok, there are 9 different trains, did you have an arrival time you needed?
I need to leave after 15:00.|Sure. TR7095 is leaving at 15:40. The price is 10.10 pounds and duration 28 minutes. It'll arive at 16:08. Should we book?
Yes please.  I also need a place to stay, preferably in the west part of town.|In the west, we have four fine lodging establishments. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse please that is not too expensive.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is listed as cheap, and it has 4 stars. Hobson's House is moderately priced, with 3 stars.
Is Finches located in the west and if so, can I please get the postcode?|Yes it is, the post code is cb30nd.
Thank you. That is everything I needed today.|You are welcome and I am glad we could be of help.
Is there any train to stevenage that leaves after 15:45?|What day would you like the train for?
I will be travelling from Cambridge on Saturday,|TR4216 leaves at 17:21. Does that work for you?
What time will it arrive?|The train will arrive by 18:10
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre if you don't mind.|There are lots to choose from. First, may I ask if you have a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
I'd like a modern european restaurant.|riverside brasserie serves modern european food. Would you like me to book seats?
yes, please. 8 people at 12:00 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2Q3DVUFC. Anything else I can do for you?
No that's all for today, thank you.|Thank you for calling. If you need additional assistance, please feel free to call again. Have a great time in Cambridge! Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for something to do in town. Are there any place like college I can visit in the centre of town?|There are 13 of them.  Downing College on regent's street is free, you might be interested in it.  Do you have any specific needs?
How about the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I also need a train leaving after 12:45 from cambridge|Where are you wanting to go to and what day?
I would like to go to Norwich and leave on a Saturday.|There is a train that leaves at 13:36 and arrives at 14:55, can I book you for that?
Yes, please. I need 8 tickets and my reference number please.|I have 8 tickets booked for you and your reference number is 90IJJ88B.
That should be it! Thank you for your assistance!|Thank you for contacting us today, have a nice day.
I am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge|I can find you a train. What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by 14:45.|I have trains that meet you criteria for most days of the week, do you have a day or departure time preference?
I want to leave on Wednesday.|TR9545 arrives at 13:38 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would. Could you book that for 6 people, please?|The booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is LNKDUQPE.
thank you so much for your help|welcome again next time.enjoy the journey
Thank you that is all I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye for now.
Please help me find a moderately priced restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.|how about Colto, it serves british food, is in the city centre  and is moderately priced
No thanks, is there any turkish restaurants in the same price range and area?|Yes, there are 2 restaurants that fit that criteria, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
give me its address,phone number, and postcode please|Anatolia is at 30 bridge street city centre, 01223362372 and postcode is cb21uj.  efes is at king street city centre.  Phone is 01223500005 and postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you. I also need a train going to London Liverpool Street please|What day were you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday, departing from cambridge and arriving by 18:00.|Okay, the TR9956 leaves at 15:59 and arrives by 17:27. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
yes please and make them three tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : O2OFXV6A. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I needed today thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for find more information about an attraction I want to visit.  What can you tell me about Gallery at Twelve a High Street?|That's a museum on the east side, with free admission.
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am coming from peterborough to cambridge, I need to take a train that will allow me to arrive by 08:15|What day will you be traveling on?
monday is fine|well I can put you on the tr6741 you will arrive at 08:09, how many tickets please?
i want to make a booking for 6 people.|Okay great! Your reference number is HAXFBKAP, is that all you needed?
Yes, thank you for all your help. Have a good day!|Do you need help finding a restaurant? Cambridge has all types of cuisines.
thank you for all your help. Have a good day!|You're welcome. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Wednesday.|The TR3702 to london kings cross departs wednesday at 05:00.
Wonderful! How much is that ticket? When does it arrive? Where does it depart from?|The train arrives by 05:51 and departs from Cambridge, the price is 23.60 pounds.
Now that I think about it, I will need a way to get from Stevenage to Cambridge. I'd like to take a train on Wednesday and arrive by 12:30.|There are 3 trains that would work for you. The TR4626 arrives at 10:43. Would you be interested in that one?
What is the travel time for that train?|Train TR4626 departing from stevenage and arrivign at cambridge at 10:43 is 12.80 pounds.
Great I'm also looking for a park in cambridge.|Sure, cherry hinton water play, milton country park, sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, wandlebury country park are free, cambridge university botanic gardens is four pounds.
Please just pick a great park for me and provide the postcode.|Sure! Cherry Hinton Water Play is at postcode cb18dw. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all I needed!  You've been a big help!|You are welcome, goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Norwich.|Certainly, there are many trains going that route. Can you specify which day you'd like to travel?
Sorry.  I want to leave on Saturday after 20:30.|There is a train Saturday at 20:36. Does that work for you?
Yes that works great can I book that for 5 people please?|I have confirmed booking for 5 tickets, your reference number is CID6UHHF.  The total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Great! I'm glad we could help.
Hi, I am looking for attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any recommendations?|There are a lot of attractions to see in the centre, from architecture, colleges, and museums.  What kind of attractions are you looking for?
I'll visit anything. I don't much care the type.|How about Old Schools? It's an architecture attraction that's free.
Ok. What is the address and phone number for old schools?|Old Schools is on Trinity Lane, and their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a train to leave after 10:45 from kings lynn|There are a quite a few trains that leave from kings lynn. Did you want to leave on a certain day? Or arrive by a certain time?
The train should leave on monday and should go to cambridge. I don't care about the arrival time.|The TR0684 which leaves at 11:11 would work well for you. Want me to book that?
I would like to book that for 8 people please. Can i get the reference number?|All booked! The reference number is M50TGTUW.
Thank you for the help! Have a nice day.|You have a great day too! Don't forget, when you're in a bind, call the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and at least a 3 star rating.|Bridge Guesthouse has a three star rating and offers wifi, would you like me to book this place for you?
Can you confirm if the Bridge Guesthouse also has free parking and is in the east?|Bridge Guest House does include free parking but is located in the south. Would you like me to find something in the east instead?
The Bridge guest house would be just fine. Can I get the address, phone and postcode please?|Certainly! The address is 151 hills road phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room for you?
can i find a train to peterborough departing from cambridge|Are you interested in train TR9859 which leaves friday by 5:06 and arrives by 5:56?
The train should leave on thursday and should arrive by 15:15. so thyat one may not help me|TR5146 will arrive by 14:56 in peterborough on Thursday, would you like to book a seat?
No that won't be necessary, could you just let me know what the departure time is for that one?|It departs at 14:06.
That's very helpful. Thanks! That is all I need.|Thanks for contacting us. Please let us know if we can help you in the future.
Can you help me find a train arriving at 18:15 going to cambridge?|Sure! Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I am leaving Peterborough going to Cambridge on Monday and I need to get there by 18:15, can you help me with that?|Sure thing, would you like me to book this for you?
I'll need passage for five, but I also need to know what time the last train gets there before 18:15.|which day do you want to travel to narrow down my options
Monday would be best please.|how about TR3021? it leaves at 05:19
That'll do. I'll need 5 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CWLKMZER.  What else can I do for you today?
I need to find some place in the east for multiple sports.  I'd like to get the address, phone number, and postcode please.|It is at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej, phone 01223576412.
Okay, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
no thats all for today|im glad i was of some help
Thanks again, thats all for now.|Okay. Enjoy your visit to cambridge! It's a wonderful place.
I'd like a train to Cambridge on Friday|I can get you a ticket that leaves london kings cross at 05:17 or do you need a later time than that?
Yes, I would need to leave after 08:00 please.|Can I just confirm your departure station please?
Sorry, I will be leaving from Norwich.|I have train TR3292 leaving norwich at 8:16 and arriving in cambridge at 9:35. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
That sounds good. Can you book it for 7 people?|Yes I will book it for 7 people, and give you the reference number.
Okay, well, let me know when you have that.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9F6CEFRF.
Perfect, thank you!  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Kohinoor.  Can you help me with that as well?|74 Mill Road City Centre is its address
What is the post code please?|Kohinoor is in postcode cb12as. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|Your welcome. Please contact us again.
I need to find a place that serves European food to eat at.|I have 11 results for european restaurants, what area would you like to dine in?
In the centre, sorry didn't I mention that?|What price range are you looking for?
I need one in the expensive range.|There are three options: eraina, michehouse cafe, and darry's cookhouse and wine shop. Which would you prefer?
Wine shop sound good. Could I have their address and postcode please?|Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and the post code is cb11ln.
Thank you so much. Can you help me book a train too?|I certainly can. Which departure and destination did you have in mind?
I'd like to depart Cambridge on Sunday sometime after 9:45.|Where would you be going to?
I'll be heading to Stevenage.|I have the TR8464 train leaving at 11:21 and arriving at 12:10.  Would that be good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book me 6 tickets for that train please?|I have you booked on that train.  Your confirmation numbers is  NLV3A4JF.
I appreciate all your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
Can you tell me the location of an Indian restaurant in the centre?|Cambridge has several centrally located Indian restaurants, what price range are you looking for?
In the cheap price range.|There are 3 restaurants in this range. Kohinoor on Mill Road, the gandhi on Regent Street, and mahal of cambridge on Millers Yard Mill Lane. Do any of these sound good?
The Gandhi sounds good. Can you book that for 2 people please?|What day and time would you like your reservation?
I would like the reservation at 14:00 on Wednesday.|OK, you have a table for 2 at The Gandhi on Wednesday at 14:00. Reference number is : C64LQ6ZX. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on thursday.|There are 19 trains that day. Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I just need it to leave after 13:30. Can you tell me the train ID, price, and travel time for the first train after 13:30?|Sure - TR9360 departs cambridge at 14:01, arriving birmingham new street at 16:44. The total travel time is 163 minutes, and the price is 75.10 GBP per ticket.
Fantastic. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service, contact us anytime you need assistance in the future!
I need a train going to cambridge that leaves after 14:45.|Where are you coming from?
I want a train department from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Friday at 14:45.|I can put you on the tr8842 it leaves at 15:17 how many tickets please
Two tickets please.|There is an error in that train booking could I book the TR2519 from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street, on Friday, departing at 15:01?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like to book two tickets and I'll need a reference number, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LCEXHUAZ.
I'm also looking for a chinese restaurant that is semi expensive. I would like it the same day I arrive.|Sure, there are a number of expensive options.  Did you have a certain part of town in mind?
No specific area for the restaurant.|the good luck chinese food takeaway fits those criteria, can I make a booking for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 people at 10:00 please.  I'll need it for Friday please.  Can I get the reference number please?|Of course.  I reserved the table for you.  Your reference number is D9XHCFDT.
Thank you for your help.|Do you need me to book transport or provide anymore info?
that is all for now, thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'd love to visit a museum - can you help me find one, please?|Sure.  There are 23 museums in Cambridge.  Is there a particular area or type of museum you are interested in?
I do not have a preference on the area.|How about the byard art museum located at 14 king's parade?
That sounds intriguing.  What area is that in?  And is there an entrance fee?|It is in the south and admission is free
Are there any in the centre you can tell me about as well?|Yes. There are 11 in the centre. Would you like to know more about one?
Can you suggestion one?|The broughton house gallery is very nice
How much does it cost to get in? My funds are very limited|no entrance fee charged
Grand. Can I also get your help with  train? I need to get to Stansted airport by 16:45 on Wednesday.|And where are you leaving from?
cambridge is where i will be leaving|Train TR0678 will arrive by 16:08. Is that ok for you?
No.  The train needs to leave after 16:45.|I have gotten two different responses. You said you need to arrive by 16:45 and leave by 16:45. It can only be one or the other.
I need to leave after 16:45 please.|Ok great, the TR8893 will fit your needs. How many tickets do you need?
No tickets, just the arrival time and I am all set.|The arrival time is 18:08.
Have a nice day.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.|I have found nine restaurants matching your request. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
The restaurant should serve british food.|I think Griffiti would serve you well. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please and I will need their phone number for reference please.|Certainly, the phone number is 01223277977. How many people will be dining?
I'm not sure yet. Can you tell me what trains are traveling to cambridge on thursday?|There are five trains traveling on Thursday. The first one leaves at 05:17 and the last leaves at 13:17. What time do you want to leave?
I need to arrive from Stevenage by 14:30, if possible.|There are 4 trains, one is TR1661 and arrives at 12:43, would you like to book that?
Do you have any arrive closer to 14:30 time period? If not I will just need the train ID and departure time.|There is one arriving at 14:43 the TR2833 otherwise the closest one arriving prior to 14:30 is the one I mentioned arriving at 12:43.
Great, that's all I need. Thank you for your help today!|Have a great trip!
Can you tell me about any expensive restaurants in the Centre?|We have 33 expensive restaurants in the centre, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Yes, I would prefer chinese please.|I have the tang chinese restaurant located at napier street city centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes.  Make a reservation for 8 people on Monday at 11:30.|Okay I found you a Chinese restaurant and wish to make you a booking.
Please book the restaurant as requested. I would also like the reference number.|Reference number is : JCH9E5BI. do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks so much.|You're welcome! You have a great day.
Hi I'm looking for a train for Tuesday.|Okay what time would you like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in London Kings Cross on Tuesday?
I need to depart after 19:15. Can you please provide me with a price?|The next train departs at 21:00. The price is 23.60 pounds per ticket. Can I book this train for you?
Yes please book this train for me, Thank you.|How many tickets do you need?
I am not ready to book the train yet. Thanks for the help.|Can I be of further assistance to you today?
No thanks, that is all I needed.|You're welcome. glad I could help
Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge
Postcode	:	CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.|What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.|At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:45. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.|I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is CIGYXAW9. Do you need anything else?
Can you help me look for train leaving from Stevenage?|Absolutely! What day will you be traveling?
I need to leave after 14:45 on Thursday.|TR1596 leaves at 15:54 and gets into Cambridge at 16:43.  Will that work?
I am also looking for some entertainment in town.|there are a variety i will book for you the one you like it is a pleasure to serve you
I would like to book a train out of Cambridge, please.|I'd by happy to help. Where would you like to arrive?
I want to go to london liverpool street.|On what day and time will you be traveling?
Tuesday leaving sometime after 18:45.|Ok, TR 3515 leaves on Tuesday at 19:59. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds great.|How many seats will you need for this trip?
Actually, I can book it separately. But I will need help booking a hotel -- the Lovell Lodge|I can help with that! How many people will be staying, for how long, and which day would you like to arrive?
Thank you! For 3 people, and 3 nights, starting Saturday, please.|I was able to book it, reference number is R72D5LVK.
Thank you for the help, thats all I need today.|You're very welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you I really don't need anything else.|Call back with any questions any time. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that can take me to bishops stortford leaving on thursday.|What time do you need to leave or arrive?
I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford before 09:15.|There are two early morning trains that will get you there by 9:15, with arrivals at 6:07 or 8:07. Would you like a ticket on one of those?
I will take the later arrival, and I just need 1 ticket. I also will need the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR2617 that arrives by 08:07, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : CA1AHDSD.
Could I also get information about places to go in the Town Centre?|said to skip
Can you tell me about attractions located in the centre of town?|Certainly, I have many architectural venues, also cinemas, colleges and some museums. Any preference for type of attraction?
A cinema works, could you pick one for me and provide the etrance fee, phone number, and confirm the attraction type?|Sure, Vue Cinema the phone number is 08712240240. I don't have the entrance fee information. And I do confirm that it is  a Cinema type attraction.
Thank you for all your help today.|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day and thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
What trains will leave from cambrige and arrive by 13:00?|Well, that depends on where you're going and the day you're traveling. Do you have that information?
I need to get your London Kings Cross on Saturday.|There are four trains that meet those criteria. They leave at 5, 7, 9, and 11 and arrive 51 minutes after departure. Would you like me to book one for you?
What is the train id of the one arriving closest to 13:00?|TR5170 is arriving by 11:51, that is the closest time to 13:00 that is showing available. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes.  I am also looking for a Vietnamese restaurant in the centre|How many will be traveling?
Only me so so just one|I have you booked on TR5170 with reference number KH6HKQ4X. Unfortunately, I have no Vietnamese restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Ok, how about an expensive british restaurant?|In British restaurants you have three choices: Fitzbillies, the Midsummer House, and the Cambridge Chop House.
Could you please send me the address, postcode and phone for the Midsummer House?|The address for the midsummer house restaurant is Midsummer Common, the post code is cb41ha and their phone number is 01223369299. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you. I can book it later. I think thats all I need for today. Thanks.|So happy I could help you today. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre. Have a great day!
This heatwave is killing me and the kids are screaming about being too hot, can I get info on pools in the centre area?|parkside pools is a nice place to cool your screaming kids off.
That's great! What postcode is that?|Parkside Pools post code is cb11ly
Can you find me a train I'm leaving cambridge and want to arrive at my designation by 11:30.|Yes but I will need your destination and day of travel
The train should go to leicester and should leave on thursday|I have six trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to make a booking on one of them?
Yes please. Which is the closest one that arrives by 11:30?|TR1755 is your best bet. It will arrive in Leicester at 11:06. Would you like to book tickets on that?
No, thanks. I just need the departure time, please.|The departure time is 09:21. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|great, have a wonderful day!
Hi, what are some places to visit in Cambridge?|We have many different attractions in cambridge. What sort of place are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I am looking for a swimming pool, in the east part of town.|Sure, there is abbey pool and astroturf pitch in the east, address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. What else can I help with today?
Please give me their phone number and entrance fee.|I don't have information on their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902088.
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Broxbourne after 17:15 headed to Cambridge.|You have 7 trains, starting with TR6368 at 17:32.  Would you like to book that one?
What is the arrival time?|Train TR6368 arrives in Cambridge by 18:32. Do you need anything else? I can help book a trip for you if you like.
That'd be great, thank you.|I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets will you need, just one?
Just one please.|I booked you on TR6368 at 17:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
Hi, I'm looking for any information that you have on the Lensfield hotel in Cambridge.|The Lensfield Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the south of town, with internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Can you also give me the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223355017. How many days will you be staying, what day do you need to arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I'm staying for 2 days and it's just myself. What train can I take to depart from the stansted airport that leaves at 19:30?|I only have trains that leave at 20:24 and later on a Friday from Stansted airport. Will this time and day work for you?
I'm actually looking for something on Saturday. Are there any trains on Saturday that leave at 19:30?|Unfortunately, no trains leave at that time
Is there another day you would like me to check?|There are only 4 trains that leave on Saturday
I just need to find a train that leaves at 19:30 for 5 people|Unfortunately there are no trains that leave at this time.
What are the other 4 times of departure for Saturday. I'll need bookings for 5 people and a reference number.|Alright, I booked 5 tickets for Saturday train your reference number is 1R61PO9r. You can pay for your tickets at the station. Is there anything else?
Nope that should be it thanks.|Glad to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I need some info on Cambridge Museum of Technology|The Cambridge Museum of Technology is on the east side of the city at the Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode for it as well?|Sure.  The postcode is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.|It looks like there are hourly trains every day. Did you have a day and time in mind?
Yes, Thursday with an arrival by 16:00.|Train TR6456 leave Cambridge at 14:40 and arrives at the airport at 15:08.  Would you like me to book the train?
Yes I would like to book for 3 people, please.|Reference number is : JRAO2H4A. and the price will be 30.29GBP
Thank you so much, that's really helpful. That's all for now.|Have a great trip
Thank you so much, goodbye.|Have a good day and thank you for contacting us.
Hi, can you please help me find a restaurant that serves Kosher food?|im sorry there are no places serving kosher food
That's alright. How about Chinese food?|Yeah, there are a lot of options.  Was there a specific part of town or price range you were looking at?
I need it to be in the moderate range please.|great, i have four options for you!
cool, which one is the best?|I like the golden wok. Would you like a booking made.
No thanks. I would like the area, address, and postcode please and I will take it from there.|The Golden Wok is located in the North part of town at 191 Histon Rd, Chesterton.  The postcode is CB43HL.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Norwich.|on which day do you want to travel?
I need to leave Monday and arrive by 21:30.|train TR3753 arrives at 	norwich at 09:55, should I book that?
Yes that should work, how much will that cost?|17.60 pounds per person, also how many shall I book for?
That is all I need today thank you for your time.|Have a nice day.
I need some help finding a train. I'm going to Cambridge on Tuesday.|Certainly. Where are you departing from?
I's sorry, I meant to say LEAVING from Cambridge on Tuesday, heading to King's Lynn. I need to arrive by 16:00.|There are eleven trains that will get you there by then, for how many people?
What is the cost per ticket?|The price is $9.80 pound per ticket. Would you like to book it?
Okay thank you very much.|We are happy to help. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's everything.|I'm sorry, I may have misunderstood.  The train hasn't been booked yet, should I book it for you now?
Sure, go ahead. Thank you.|Alright, you're booked. Anything else you need from me?
No, that's all, thank you!|How many people will need a ticket for the train?
I am so sorry for the misunderstanding.  I don't wish to book at the moment.  I am all set.  Have a great day.  Bye.|No problem.  You have a great day also.  Bye.
I'm looking for a cool place to go in town later.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
I think visiting a College sounds interesting.|What about christ's college?
ok, what area of town is that?|It is located in centre.  Is there anything else you need to know?
Yes, I need a phone number and postcode.|their phone number is 01223334900and code.cb23bu, is that all?
I need a place to stay out in Cambridge. Can you help me book one?|I just need more information to find the perfect place for you. What area are you interested in staying in and the price range?
I need a hotel with free parking and a four star rating. Should also be in the east.|I do not have anything there. Any other place you might like or criteria?
I am looking for a train leaving from Leicester.|You have 133 options to choose from. Where will you be heading?
I need to be in Cambridge by 13:00|What day do you want to travel?
I'm looking to travel on friday.|TR8659 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, will that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. Please book it for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6Q8I2TIT.
Thanks so much. I also was hoping you might be able to see if there are any parks in the south?|Absolutely! We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend wandlebury country park. It has free admission.
Can I have the postcode and phone number for that park?|01223243830. Postcode, cb223ae. Anything else?
No that will be ll. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
Have a good day.  Bye.|Have a great time, bye now!
I need a train to cambridge on saturday|Okay, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 17:45.|I have three options for you, is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
No. I need to book this for 5 people. Please send me the reference number too.|I have you booked on TR3940 Saturday leaving at 19:39 and arriving at 21:07.  The reference number is X56OZZGL and it will be 13.28 GBP at the station.
Great.  I also need a cheap 4-star hotel.|Do you have an area preference? Otherwise, I recommend leverton house on newmarket road.
Is it a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thanks. No need to make a reservation but can I get the postcode please?|The postcode for Leverton House is cb58rs.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
No I think that's all I needed, thanks!|It was a pleasure serving you today. I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 15:15 on saturday.|Where would you like to depart from and where do you want to arrive at?
I need it to depart from Broxbourne and arrive in Cambridge.|The TR7846 leaves at 09:32 and arrives at 10:32.  Would that work?
Can I get one closer to my arrival time?|Train TR0279 arrives at 14:32 which is the closest one.
That's perfect. Please book it for 4 tickets.|I was able to book you, your reference number is CEP20AFO., total cost 57.28 payable at the station.. Any other questions?
Yes please. I've heard that Emmanuel College is an interesting place. What can you tell me about it?|It is a college in the centre of town located at saint andrew's street, poscode cb23ap and their phone number is 01223334200.
Great!  I appreciate all the info.  Goodbye!|Good night, enjoy the rest of your evening.
I want to book a train. List all tuesday departures to cambridge.|There are over 200 departures to cambridge on Tuesday, do you have a specific departure place or time?
My departure point is Kings Lynn and I need to arrive at Cambridge by 13:45|TR2616 departs at 09:11 would that work? How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Yes please book that for one person and give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TT953CJR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|What are would you like to stay in?
meh doesn't really matter. just moderately priced...|I also have many pricing options and amenity options. Could you give me some direction?
Can you help me find a train coming from kings lynn leaving on sunday?|The TR6003 leaves on sunday.  Would that work?
Does it arrive by 20:15?|I will first need your destination city to determine that.
I am traveling to cambridge.|What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to arrive as close to 20:15 as possible.|Train TR6697 arrives at 19:58, would you like to book this train?
No thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town though|Sure, what are you looking for in general?
I would like a museum.|We have lots of great museums here in town!  Is there a certain part of town you will be exploring?
I think I'd like to explore the western part of town.|We have seven museums in the west. A lot of our visitors start at kettles yard which has free admission.
OKay great thanks for the info.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Again thanks for the resources. Have a great day.|i am happy i have been of help to you. good day
I need a train on Monday.|Sure thing, got a destination or time you'd like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 8:30 in Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
Oh, sorry.  Departing from Broxbourne.|I have two trains available leaving at 05:32 and 06:32.  What time would like to leave?
Is the travel time and price the same for both of them?|Yes they both have a travel time of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Okay... I'll keep that in mind.  Oh, I also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the east area and serving Indian food.|We have 4 matches. Do you have a price preference?
No preference on price, please recommend any indian restaurant in the east part of town.|the curry prince is a good choice. It is in the east and the price range is moderate. would you like  me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 3 people at 17:30.|What day would you like the reservations?
Same day, Monday.|Table for 3 at the Curry Prince on Monday at 17:30. They will hold your table for 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is P7ZBBM9K.
Perfect, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help.Have a great day.|Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15?|sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
Our reunion is on Tuesday so I want to leave that day.|Great!  I can help you with that.  Where would you like to leave from?
Kings lynn. Please give me the price, travel time, and train ID|I have two lines. 22:11 is the closest to your departure. Does that work for you?
Sounds good to me. Oh, and I'm also looking for a place to stay.|The TR9704 train leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11. The travel time is 47 minutes.  The price is 9.80 pounds. Do you know the area you'd like to stay?
No, area doesn't matter.  I do want a 4 star guesthouse though.|I have many to choose from. What area do you prefer?
No specific area but i do need free wifi and need it to be in the moderate price range.|There are 11 locations, would you prefer one with parking included?
it doesn't matter book a room for 3 for 1 night the same day, and I'll need the reference number too please|Okay i booked you at the Acorn and your reference number is G5FTA5L5.
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!|Thanks so much that is great.
I will certainly use Cambridge TownInfo again. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
Yes, I need a train for Tuesday.|What time of day would you like to travel, and to where?
I'm departing from Norwich on Tuesday and need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:15.|Train TR0339 leaves Norwich at 07:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:35. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes how long is the travel time?|Travel time will be 79 minutes total.
Great! This information is all I need. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a place to eat called sala thong?|Absolutely! They are a great thai restaurant in the west of town. They are located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham. Did you need help reserving a table or any other info?
Please make a booking for  people at 19:00 on monday. I also need a reference number once booked.|I'm sorry, there's nothing available at that time. Could you perhaps do a different time?
Sure, try a time that would work. Maybe 20:00?|That was unsuccessful as well, do you have another time?
Well, I'm also looking for train on Monday departing from Leicester to Cambridge arriving by 12:45.|I have a train that arrives at 11:54. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I also need the train id, departure time and travel time.|The train is TR0032, it departs at 10:09 and travel time is 105 minutes. How many tickets do you need?
As for now, just one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3KP0ATIS. Anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Thanks!|My pleasure.  Please call again if there is anything we can do to help.
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.|There are 44 possible options. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't mind what kind.|How about the Vue Cinema located at the grafton centre, east road?
Sure, what is the entrance fee? Also I need a train that departs from Stevenage on Thursday.|I can book a 05:54 for you.
I need the train to leave after 15:45 please. Also do you have the entrance fee for the Vue Cinema?|Sorry, but I do not have the entrance fee for Vue Cinema in my database. I do have a train from stevanage at 15:54 for you, though.
Great can you make that reservation on the train for 7 people and send me the reference number?  Can you also send me the phone number for the Cinema?|The train is booked reference number 3YY4QV9P, and the phone number of the Vue Cinema is 08712240240
Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day then!
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.|I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times?
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible.|Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train.|I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
I am also looking for a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses in the city to choose from. Do you have an idea of what part of town you'd like to stay in or what your price range is?
I definitely need free parking also, please.|There are 21 guesthouses fitting your requirements in all areas. The guesthouses are in both the cheap and moderate price ranges.
I want it to be 4 stars and moderately priced|I have the Acorn Guest House that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
No, not right now but do you have their address handy?|Sure, they are located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Do you need any further assistance today?
No thank you. I appreciate all you have done to help me.|Your welcome. If you change your mind and want reservations, feel free to contact us again.
Of course I will.  Thank you also.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello. I am looking for a hotel that is cheap and also has a 2 star rating.|There are no hotels that fit that criteria would you like to try something else?
No, I really need a hotel. It should be cheap with two stars. I don't care what  area of town it is in.|There are zero hotels matching those requirements.
Ok, then I guess I will need to be more flexible with my budget. How about a 2 star hotel that is moderately priced?|We have 2 options in the north with 2 stars in the moderate price range - ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Um, i like the sounds of the lovell lodge. Can you give me a phone number?|Yes certainly that would be 01223425478.
I also need a train that leaves Ely after 8:30.|What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and I'll be going to Cambridge.|TR4212 leaves at 09:35, would you me to book you?
What time would I be arriving in Cambridge? What would my travel time be? Thanks.|You would arrive at 09:52. The ride is only 19 minutes.
Thanks! That's all I need.|Have a great trip!
Thanks and goodbye!|Have a great time!
I am looking for a train which departs from Cambridge and arrives in Kings Lynn. Can you help me with that?|i have 133 trains matching your preferences.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday anytime after 16:45.|I have 7 trains leaving Cambridge on every :11 starting at 17:11. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
No. Anytime after 16:45 is fine please.|TR8627 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn by 17:58.  Would you like to book it?
I would also like information for ADC Theater.  What is the address and phone number?|The address in park street. The phone number is 01223300085.
Thank you. What area is adc theatre in? I would also like to book TR8626 and would like to know the travel time.|How many people would you like to book the train for?
That's unimportant I'm just looking for the area|ADC theatre is in the center of town. The travel time for your train to kings lynn is 47 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it, thank you.|Have a good day
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different?
Oh no.  Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?|I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.|The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.|What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|When would you like to arrive?
I need to leaver sometime after 11:30.|want to know the price?
No thank you, but I do need to know the travel time please.|Travel time would be 60 mintues
Okay. That's all I need. Thanks and bye!|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
I need to find a train going to londons kings cross that would arrive by 17:15|I have 21 trains that match your request. Where will you be departing from?
Leaving Cambridge this coming Sunday.|I'm sorry, we don't have any trains arriving by 17:15. The earliest train will arrive at london kings cross at 19:51. Do you need anything else?
No thanks.  Go ahead and book the train for 4 people and please provide the reference number.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is : UMS71SR7.  Your train will leave at 19:00.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay.|Any particular area you would like to stay?
In the East part of town, please. I need free WiFi.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
i dont mind either.|We have seven places, any preference on price or rating?
I need a 4 star place that has free wifi.|Okay! What price range would you like?
I don't really have a preference.|Ok. We've narrowed to 6 options. Do you want parking?
No parking is not a concern of mine.|Would you like to try allenbell?
Yes, please book me for 4 people, for 5 night starting on Tuesday.|I have made those reservations and the reference number is  I4K0OYPF.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Wonderful!  What can I do to help you plan?
I need a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Monday. Are there any trains available?|We do have some trains, what time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave after 14:00 and go to cambridge.|TR9202 would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
No thank you. Can you provide me with the arrival time, price, and train ID?|TR9202 costs 16.60 pounds per ticket and arrives by 17:07. Will that be all?
yes, book it please.|Can you tell me how many people will be travelling?
Actually, I don't need for you to book it, but I do need some suggestions for places to go in the west part of town.  Any type of attraction.|How about the cafe jello gallery?  It is in the west and it's free.
That would be great. What is the attraction type?|It is a museum, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are very welcome.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to cambridge. I would like something on sunday to arrive by 18:30|What is your departure point?
My departure will be from Cambridge.|And what is your destination city?
I need to go to Peterborough.|What time do you need to leave by?
I just want to get there at or shortly before 18:30.|I found the perfect train!  TR7771 will get you there at 18:24.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book me for 6 people.  My birdwatching club is taking a trip together.|Ok, your booking is complete for 6 people. The cost is 79.19 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 8W0OSFM6.
i place want a place to go in the centre|What are you into? Do you like theatre? Museums? We have plenty of attractions in the centre and if you tell me what you enjoy I can recommend one
I would like a museum in the centre please.|I'd like to recommend whipple museum of the history of science, at free school lane. Admission is free.
Is that the full address for the museum? Free School Lane?|Yes it is their full address and the postcode is cb23rh and their telephone number is 01223330906. May I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Yeah, could you find me a train? I'm in Cambridge, and I'd like to go over to Birmingham New Street.|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to go?
Yes, I'd like to leave after 21:00 on Wednesday.|I have a train that departs at 21:01 and two more each a hour later than the first. Which train would you like to book?
I will take the 21:01. the ticket is just for me and I would like a reference number after the booking is completed.|I have successfully booked you for the TR7935 train leaving at 21:01. Your reference number is E9ZIOMAN.
Great, thank you! I'd like to find a place to stay, too. I'm thinking of something in the moderate range with free parking. Any ideas?|I have 12 guesthouse and 2 hotels in that range. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 4 stars?|I have 3 in the north, 1 in the south, and 1 in the east.
I'll take whichever one doesn't include Internet.|It looks like all 9 choices do include Internet. Would you be willing to use one of those?
Would you like to book one of those today?|I could certainly help you book one if you don't mind that it has internet. Would you like to try the Acorn Guest House?
Okay, let's try that one.|What day would you like to book the hotel for?
Does it have four stars?|Yes, it has 4 stars and includes free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can I have the postcode and phone number please?|Sure, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.  Can I help with anything else today?
No that sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|I can help!  What kind of food are you looking for?
Still deciding, can I set up a train ride first?  If would be from londons kings cross to cambridge, on saturday leaving after 11:00AM.|The TR7309 leaves after 11:00. If you'd like to make a booking, I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like.
I need 4 tickets. How much will that be?|The tickets are each 18.88 so 75.52 in total
Ok. Can you complete the booking for 4 people and then give me the reference number?|I was able to book you. Your reference number is H9AGMLJM.
Yes, I would like to find a place to eat. Please find me a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. do you have a preference on cuisine?
Nothing specific, anything in the centre is fine.|May I recommend the very popular Efes restaurant serving turkish food in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds like a great place to eat. Can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223500005 .  Would you like me to call and make a booking for you?
No, thank you. That will be all.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you!|you are very welcome. have a great day.
And you as well, You've been a great help!|Let us know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a train to leave on Monday.|Sure. Where are you looking to go?
I need to arrive at bishops stortford by 20:00.|We have 7 such entries. Do you have a preference further?
I just need the train ID, departure time, and price of one please|TR4283 leaves Cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in bishops stortford by 06:07. Is this okay?
Can I get the price of the ticket please?|Certainly. It's 10.10 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. That is all.|OK, have a great day.  Bye.
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.|Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.|I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.|I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.|The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I'll need it for Sunday for 2 nights and 4 people.|You are booked for 2 night for 4 people starting Sunday at the Lensfield Hotel. Your reference # is ICM07YWC. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything for me, thank you! Bye!|You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day, goodbye!
Hello.  Are there any trains leaving after 8:00 on Saturday?|What is your destination?
im going to kings lynn|Where will you be leaving from?
I would be leaving from Cambridge.|There is a train leaving at 9:11 would that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. What's the train ID and travel time for that one?|the cambridge train leaves at 9:11 on sunday.
Can you give me the ID for this train and the overall travel time?|The ID is TR6088 and the total travel time is 47 minutes. Can I be of further assistance today?
That is all I will need. Good bye.|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.|From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30.|the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East.|Do you need parking at the hotel?
i am looking for a place to stay, a hotel maybe, that has free wifi and should be a 4-star|We have several that might suit you. The Cambridge Belfry is quite economically priced in the west, and there are also The Huntingdon Marriott and the University Arms.
I'm looking for a cheap one, which hotels fit into that price range?|The cambridge belfry is in the west and cheap. Would you like to me to book that for you?
What type of hotel is it and what is the postcode?|It is a regular hotel and the postcode is cb236bw. Would this one interest you?
Maybe, I'll decide once I get there. Speaking of which, can you help me with a train to Cambridge?|Sure I can help with that, what time would you like the tickets for and how many?
I'd like to leave after 10:30 and depart from birmingham new street on Tuesday.|Train TR0734 leaves at 12:40.  Can I book you a seat on it?
Yes, actually I'd like to book 7 seats on it.|Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : N680OYGM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I believe that will do it. Thanks for your help!|You're so welcome. Goodbye!
Is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on friday? Thankyou.|There are several, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street?|Train TR5154 leaves Friday to London Liverpool Street at 5:59 and arrives by 7:27. Would you like me to book this for you?
That works. I just need one ticket.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 0XOVBBAJ. Will there be anything else today?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating, I hate dirty hotels, don't you?|What area would you like to be in?
I am interested in staying in the south.|I found 2 guesthouses in the South both have a 4 star rating. There are two price ranges cheap and moderate, which do you prefer?
I have no preference. I need to book a room for 2 nights starting wednesday.|I suggest rosa's b ed and breakfast. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please and let me know if the booking is successful.|How many people will be staying?
Just 1 will be staying there. I do need the reference number.|Your reference number is VFXJ5FEM.
Ok thank you that is all I needed.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Hello, we're planning on a trip to Cambridge and would like lodging info.  Can you tell us if there is a hotel in the economical range near the centre?|Unfortunately, there are no economical hotels in the centre of Cambridge. Would you like to look in a different area?
Really? Not even a guest house?|Yes, there are no accommodations available that fit that criteria. Would you like to choose something else?
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the centre.|There are two cheap guesthouses located in the centre.  My recommendation would be Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Sounds great! Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday?|Your booking was successful at the Alexander bed and breakfast. The reference number is F9VVA2GL.
Thank, you goodbye|Welcome ,  have a lovely day too.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I am planning to run a search for places in cambridge.  Sounds like we are a perfect match!  What would you like me to look up for you?
I need a train leaving cambridge leaving after 11:00 on tuesday and I am going to london liverpool street.|I have a train leaving at 11:59. Would that do for you?
Yes that will do. What time does it arrive in london liverpool street and what is the train ID number.|TR8394 arrives at 13:27.
i also want a place to go in the centre of town|We have many fine attractions in the center of town! Might I recommend the Regency Gallery museum? It's free to enter.
I would like to find a swimming pool, please.|I'd recommend Parkside Pools. The address is Goville Place. Their phone number is 01223446100. Would you like any other information?
That's it, thanks!|You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a museum in Cambridge please|Do you have an area of the city you more prefer?
No, I do not, any museum would be fine. Could you please give me the entrance fee, area, and postcode for any one of the museums?|Cambridge Artworks in the east is a fun place. It's located at 5 greens road, cb13ef. Best of all, it has free entrance! Any other information I can find for you?
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge. But I tend to sleep in, so I won't be able to get going before 11:45.|What day do you want to travel, and  where was that departure site again?
I'd like to leave Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|You have a few options going to Cambridge from Stansted airport after 11:45. How about Tuesday, leaving at 12:24?
That would be great, could you book it for 8 people please.|I've booked 8 tickets for you. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is CYMNCQNX. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need goodbye|Thank you, and good-bye!
Hi, on Tuesday I need to leave Cambridge by train. Can you help me with the arrangements?|What destination will you be traveling to?
The train should leave after 10:15 and should go to peterborough|Will you be travelling alone or in a party?
I haven't decided yet. What time will the train reach the station in Peterborough?|If you leave Cambridge at 10:34, you should arrive in Peterborough at 11:24.
welcome. at your service next time|Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I needed today.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge on Tuesday.|Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to Leicester and would like to arrive before 21:15.|When could you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 21:15.|I have the TR8207 that will arrive by 21:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes but I need that to be booked for 3 people. I would like the reference number please. I also need a place to stay as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ABKFF3SH. What type of place are you looking for?
I would like a 4-star guesthouse in the north in a moderate price range.|Sure thing, I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
Great can you book that for me from Sunday for 2 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ZJ4CTTG. Will that be all for today?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.|There are many Chinese restaurants do you have a price range or an area you'd like to eat at?
I would like the expensive price range.|We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specific area of town?
I don't have a preference, just give me the phone number of the one you would recommend.|I like the good luck chinese food takeaway.  The phone is 01223244149.  What else can I do for you?
I need to catch a train to London kings cross. I need to get there by 09:15. Can you find me one?|I will need your departure location and day of travel to complete the request.
OKay, I will be leaving from Ely.|What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I'm sorry, I meant I'm leaving from CAMBRIDGE to london kings cross on Sunday.|I have updated the search, what day will you need that?
Sunday, please. I just said that.|TR7423 leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would that work?
That will be perfect! Could you book me 1 seat please?|Okay, you are booked on that train.  Your reference number is NNZ8E0N7. Can I do anything else for you today?
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!|Your welcome, have a great day!
I want a place to stay with 3 stars.|There are six 3-star options. What part of town are you visiting? I'd be happy to book your stay.
I'd like one with free parking, located in the north area, and is a guesthouse.|The Hamilton Lodge is perfect for you. It is located at 156 chesterton road and you can call in at 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book for 5 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.|I've booked your stay at the Hamilton Lodge for 5 people, staying for 4 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is 14HU38D9
Thank you that is all I need today.|Thank you for letting us help.
I need a train to cambridge that leaves on saturday.|I need to narrow this down a bit.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street and need to arrive by 10:30.|TR2503 can get you there by 09:07, can I help with anything else?
What is the price?|13.28 pounds. Do you need me to book it?
What's the departure time for that train?|05:39, 07:39, and 23:39
I am also looking for mediterranean  food in the centre.|I can recommend la mimosa, it is in the expensive range.
I'd like to find a train that departs from Ely on Monday, please!|Ok, I just need a little more information. What's your destination and what time would you like to leave?
I need to leave after 13:15 and I am going to Cambridge.|We have 6 trains leaving after 13:15 on Monday. Was there a specific time you wanted to arrive by?
Any of them will do. Can you tell me the price, arrival time and train ID of at least one option?|I have the TR4849 that leaves at 13:35 and arrives by 13:52. It is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train on Monday leaving birmingham new street?|Where are you headed?
Birgmingham New Street from Cambridge|What time monday would you like to depart?
anytime after 21:00.|TR8406 will depart at 21:40. Is that okay?
Yes will you book it for me ?|How many tickets will you need?
I need 2 tickets and a reference number please|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
okay, I do need the reference number also.|My apologies, busy weekend and the system is lagging, you are set, reference number is B6SGLAAT total cost is 150.19 GBP, thank you for your patience.
Thank you so much, can you please also find me an Italian restaurant in the centre of town that's on the cheap side?|I highly recommend Zizzi Cambridge in centere. It has excellent pasta and meatballs. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, on Monday for 2 people at 14:30. Olease give the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DKSUCWY6.
thank you that will be all good bye|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! What can i help you find?
place to stay a hotel should have a star of 4 in the West and cheap|The Cambridge Belfry is the only place that matches all of your criteria. Would you like to reserve a room?
I'm not sure yet. Does it have free parking?|It does have free parking and wifi.
Ok, let's get rooms for 7 people for 5 nights. I'll need it from Monday please.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is C505YX1I. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street. Can you find me one?|Absolutely,  What time would you like to leave?  And, I assume you will be leaving from Cambridge?
The train should arrive by 14:15|Ok there is one leaving earlier i will book it for and send you the infomation
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? Thanks.|What type of food do you have in mind?
I would like some sushi|There is a Japanese restaurant called wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street. Is this okay?
Are there any french restaurants that are expensive in the centre area?|There is Cote at Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223311053. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. What is the postcode?|The postcode for cote is 	cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.|Ok, I will need a little more information from you. How many tickets, for when and where are you departing from please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 4 people.|and what is your destination?
Cambridge and it will be early unless it rains|Are you departing or arriving to Cambridge?  And can you also tell me the other destination.
I'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, I'd like to leave after 12:45.|How about TR3844? It leaves at 13:29 and arrives by 14:07.
Yes, please book me for 4 people, and dont forget the reference number.|You are all set for four on the train. Your reference number is CNKR13ES. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you have a wonderful trip!
Hello, I'm coming to Cambridge soon to try some local restaurants, and I need a train. I need to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 16:45.|I have 117 results for trains going to cambridge on Tuesday, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from london kings cross.|There is a train that arrives by 16:08 would you like me to book it?
Could you give me the price of the ticket?|The price of the ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Could I get the train ID and time I would leave in case I want to book later.|The train ID is TR3456.
Thanks, and what time does that train depart?|I apologize, the train that arrives by 16:08 is actually the TR0269, and it leaves at 15:17. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I need a place to dine on the west side. Could you give recommend an Indian restaurant, please?|How does tandoori palace sound? It's Indian on the west side and expensive.
That sounds great!  Can I get the postcode?|The postcode for Tandoori Palace is cb43le. Would you like to make a reservation there?
no thanks.  I'll take it from here.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  Let us know if you need further assistance.  Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the west.|We have several places to stay that you may like in the West.  Do you have a specific price range or star rating in mind?
I would like to find a cheap guesthouse.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is within your chosen price range and it is located at 144 thornton road.
What is the star rating and is free parking available?|It's 4 stars and has free parking. Would you like a room?
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb30nd.  Would you like to book a room now?
Yes can you please help with that?|Absolutely. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights will you be staying?
No actually I need to find a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Saturday arriving by 19:45.|Okay the TR8600 arrives by 19:35. Would you like tickets?
How long is the travel time, departure time and what is the price?|The TR8600 Departs Norwich at 18:16, and it takes 79 minutes to get to Cambridge. The fare is 14.08 GBP per ticket. Is there anythig else you want to know?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east part of town.|No problem. We have 3 guesthouses that match that. Do you have a further preference?
I would like one that it relatively cheap and located in the east part of town.|Well, there's the Autumn House, would you like to give that a try?
Is that a 4-star place? I would like a 4-star place, even though I need it to be cheap.|Yes, the Autumn House is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse. Free wifi and parking are included. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode, and also I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Kings Lynn as well.|The postcode for the autumn house is cb58rs.  There are 133 trains travelling from Cambridge to kings lynn. Could you be more specific on what day/time you're looking for?
The train should leave Monday after 17:45.|Trains run every hour from 18:11 all the way to 23:11. If you don't have a preference, perhaps I can book you the 18:11 train? It arrives at 18:58.
Yes, go ahead and book 4 tickets for me on that train! Once that is done, can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Y9FTRIGK. Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all thanks|No problem. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi there. I have a business trip in Cambridge coming up and I have no idea what the train schedule might be. Would you be able to help with that?|Yes I can. First I need more information on the day and the time please
I will be traveling on Monday and leaving from Bishops Stortford.|Okay, I have 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure or arrival time?
it should leave after 09:15|I also need to know where you are travelling to.
I'll be going to cambridge.|TR0757 leaves at 09:29. Would that be of interest? There area also trains every two hours on the :29 until 23:29
I am looking for a nightlclub located in the centre of town, might you suggest one?|I recommend Soul Tree Nightclub. It is located on 1-6 Corn Exchange Street and has a 4 pound entrance fee.
What's the phone number?|The phone number for soul tree is 01223477900
What is the postcode to the Soul Tree Nightclub?  This sounds like a fun place!|cb23qf. What else would you like to know about the nightclub?
What is its entrance fee, phone number and postcode?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds, phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thanks! That's all the help I need for today. Have a good night. Goodbye.|Feel free to call back again for any further questions.  Have a great day.
Are there any trains on Monday?|Yes, there are 404 of them. Where are you heading?
I'm heading to cambridge from peterborough.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I want to arrive at 19:45. I would like a ticket for 1 person.|I have several trains available arriving by that time.  What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive by 19:45. After you book me a ticket can you provide me with the reference number please.|I have booked train TR7917 and it leaves at 18:48. The reference number is 78GFL146.
I also need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at. Internet and parking are not important to me.|Well I have several options that are all moderately priced. What area of town would you like to stay in?
ANy area is fine, I'll go with what you recommend.|I found you the hobsons house in the west side of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book it and send me the reference number.|when would you like to check in and for how long will you be staying?
I would like to book for 1 person monday for 3 nights.|You are booked on Monday for 3 nights for one person.  Reference number is:  FZKBQY6I.
Wonderful, thank you!|you are welcome. I am glad I could assist.
Thank you that is all the help I need today.|Okay great. I am glad I could assist you today.
Thanks. Goodbye for now.|good day too and thank you
What attractions can you recommend in the centre?|We have lovely architecture. All saints church and holy trinity are quite nice
I love architecture. Can you please provide the phone number and postcode for Holy Trinity?|I can. The phone number is 01223355397. The postcode is cb23nz. Would you like more information?
I need some quick information on trains from cambridge to bishops stortford. What can you tell me?|Trains go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford every 2 hours at 29 past the hour. What day will you be traveling, and at what time of day?
I will need to go on Monday but I can't leave until after 09:30.|The first train out after 09:30 is TR7928, leaving at 11:29.
That is the arrival time and total travel time for TR7928.|it arrives at 12:07 and only a 38 minute ride
That will work perfect can you book that for me please?|How many people will be travelling?
Just myself. Please book me that train please.|Your reservation for 1 person on the TR7928 train was successful. Your Reference number is : KI1ILFP7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|thank you and welcome to Cambridge
thanks too and goodbye|enjoy your stay
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre.|sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Please do assist to book a table for 3 people for me for Friday dining by 13:45 and also let me have their address and phone number.|Your restaurant booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IH9ELVHA. Is there something more I can help with?
I also need a train|Okay, where will you be departing from and what is your destination please
I'll be leaving broxbourne and traveling to cambridge on friday. I must arrive by 10:30|Tr5570 will be perfect. Shall I book it?
Yes,  please and can you provide me a reference number?|How many people need train tickets?
I need the train for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station, Reference number is : GZWMON81.  Any further questions today?
Thanks that's all I need for the night.|Thank you very much and have a wonderful evening.
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester.|Sure. I have a number of trains available. what day and time do you prefer?
This Thursday, and I would like to arrive by 14:00.|TR8080 arrives at 13:06, does that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3EF4MBB7.
I need a restaurant in centre and in the expensive prince range|We have a wide variety of restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular type of food that you'd like?
I don't have a preference, I just want to book a table for 4 at 11:15 on Thursday, anywhere is fine.|Ok, how about bedouin which serves African food and is in the center of town?
Great. Please go ahead and book it.|Your reference number is A69RQEJA. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much. Good bye!|You are very welcome. let us know if you need anything else.
Help! I need to find something to do, I'm super bored. I'm on the west side of the city, can you help me find somewhere to go?|I show 13 possible attractions in the west.  Is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
What would you recommend?|If you are bored,  you should try going to Whale of a Time.  It is an entertainment venue.
That sounds good. What's the address?|Sure the address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and the postcode is cb238el	.
I also need a train to peterborough on sunday to cambridge that leaves after 11:30.|There is a train leaving at 11:48. Would you like me to book that?
What is the price?|Each ticket is 13.20 pounds.
I don't need you to book that for me today. Thanks.|You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
no that will be all thank you|Great! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap price range|There are 15 restaurants that fit your request. Do you know what type of food you will want to eat?
I don't care, just as long as it's cheap and in the center of town.|How about Charlie Chan?  It's a Chinese restaurant that is located in the centre and is cheap.
What is the address? Is there a train I can take to get there?|The address is regent street city centre. Where will you be departing from?
leave after 18:15 and should depart from cambridge on monday,can you book it for me|I have train TR7409 leaving Cambridge at 09:00, will that do? How many tickets would you like?
I just need the price of that train.|Where are you heading? The cost for trains varies based on the station you go to. I know you're leaving from Cambridge, but to where?
My destination is stevenage.|TR8290 leaves Cambridge at 9:21 and gets to Stevenage at 10:10.  The cost is 12.80 GBP.
thanks! that's all i needed to know|Glad to be able to help! Is there any other information or reservations that you are needing?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I would like to find a museum to visit while in Cambridge.|The Fitzwilliam museum in the centre may be a good choice, thank you.
Could I have the post code and phone number for that one please?|Sure thing!  The address is Trumpington Street and the phone number is 01223332900. Can I help you with anything more?
I am also looking to book a train. I will be departing on Kings Cross station in London this Friday.|What is your destination and time preference?
I'd like to go cambridge and leave after 15:15.|What time would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I would like to book for 8 people.|Okay great, your booking was successful and your reference number is : 6KJK9QY1.
That's all I needed, thank you!|Glad we could be of help, have a nice trip!
Can you help me find a nice hotel? I'd like to stay somewhere on the west side of town. A 0 star rating would be great, too.|We don't have anything matching that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about something in or very close to west Cambridge with a 1 star rating and free wifi?|Regretfully, my system isn't showing any 1 star hotels on the west side with free wifi.
Actually, try to see if there is one with a 4-star rating, not 1 star.|Huntington Marriott Hotel is very nice.
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can let me know their phone number, whether they have free parking, and address?|yes they do have freee parking. they are at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.phone number is 01480446000
Great thank you.  Can you also help me find a train to london kings cross?|I have several trains that meet your criteria. Where will you be departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'll leave from cambridge on sunday. And I want to arrive no later than 11:15|I have train TR7423, it arrives at 05:51. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book 3 tickets for me and then give me a reference number for that booking|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is: OB34HA2U. Can i help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That was it!|thanks and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.|There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.|I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?|One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.
What star ratings are they?|Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars.
I am looking for Home from Home hotel|I see home from home located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a stay?
What is the star rating for the hotel? And what area is that in?|Home from Home is a guesthouse hotel with a 4 star rating. It is in the north end of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at this time, thank you. I am, however, looking for a train that goes to Bishops Stortford on Saturday.|There are 10 trains available that day. Is there a particular time of day you want to travel?
I'd like to depart from Cambridge after 18:45 please.|TR4673 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07.
Could I please have the price and travel time as well?|The price for that travel time is 8.08 pounds and the duration of the trip is 38 minutes. Can I book this travel time for you now?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train arriving by 17:15 departing from cambridge.|Where is your destination? And what day would you like to leave?
I need to go to bishops' stortford on Sunday.|The TR3600 will arrive at 16:07 to Bishops Stortford. Do you need me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'm travelling alone, but could you give me the price as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ODVZEU6H. Will that be all?
Can yo also find a guesthouse with a five star rating?|there are no 5 star guesthouse
How about a 5 star hotel|I'm sorry there are no five star hotels either. Would you like to look for a different place to stay?
A four star with free parking would be fine|There are two hotels on the west side and one located in the centre of town. Do you have a specific area you would like to be in?
No, it doesn't matter. Which ever you recommend would be fine. I do need to get the postcode for it.|I will recommend the university arms hotel and the postcode for it is cb21ad.
Thank you, that was everything I needed for this trip. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help you with all kinds of information. What are you looking for?
I'd like to find a train for Friday leaving after 16:30, from Peterborough.|TR0992 will leave at 16:48 and arrive by 17:38. Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice trip!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre at Cambridge.|There are 33 restaurants that fit your requirements, is there a type of cuisine you are interested in?
The restaurant should serve seafood.|Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant in the centre.  Should I book it?
Yes please. Can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday?|What time would you like me to book the reservation?
Please book the reservation for 18:30.|The booking was successful. The reference number is JX5WC64A.
Thanks. Now I need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge on wednesday.|i have found 19 trains. what time do you wish to depart?
I need to arrive by 15:15, can you give me a train ID matching that and a departure time?|TR5499 leaves Stansted Airport at 14:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:52.  Would that work for you?
That is everything I needed to know. Thanks for your help!|Okay I am glad to be of service. Thanks for calling.
I want to find a cheap Hungarian restaurant.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What kind of cheap restaurants are there in the center of town?|A few cheap restaurants in the centre of town include Asian oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean cuisine. Do any of these interest you?
Ooh, Italian sounds good.|Zizzi Cambrdige is my recommendation. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please I need a table for 7 people at 13:30 on thursday|Unfortunately that time is not available, would you like to try another time or restaurant?
how about 12:30 then?|We have you booked for a party of 7 at zizi cambridge for 12:30. The reference number is F25II3N0. They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
Ok, great! Can you also help me find a train going to cambridge?|Sure thing there are 1,414 trains heading to cambridge, do you have a time or location you would like to depart from?
I would like to depart from kings lynn.|There are 19 trains that day, so you have a arrival or departure preference?
I'd like to arrive no later than 9:00 in the morning.|TR8705 will arrive in cambridge at 8:58, would you like to book a ticket for this or is that cutting it too close to your time?
I can make that arrival time work. Let's book it. And what is the total price and travel time, please?|Booking for your train is successful. The total will be 68.6 for 7 people and the travel time is 47 minutes.
Thank you for all your help, that is all I need today.|Thanks for using our system!
I am looking for a college attraction to go to in town.|There are several colleges in either the centre or west part of town. Which area do you prefer?
The centre please.|There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Does entrance fee matter to you?
Not really, but what is the fee?|Most are free, but Corpus Christi has a 2 pound fee, Saint John's has a 2.50 pound fee, and Trinity has a 1 pound fee.
I need a train that leaves at 20:45 from stevenage to cambridge|What day would you like to travel by train?
I would like to leave on Wednesday.|There are 10 trains, TR9448 leaves at 5:54 would that work for you?
That works can I have the travel time for that please?|TR9448 leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43. The travel time is 49 minutes.
I've mixed up my locations. I actually need a train that departs from Cambridge and goes to Stevenage.|I only have two trains that leave from Cambridge Wednesday. The TR9016 departs at 21:21 and the TR6387 departs 23:21.
What is the price?|Both options are 12.80 pounds.  Would you like to book one of these options?
Can you tell me the duration of travel time please?|Yes travel is exactly 49 minutes.
What about the train ID?|The train ID for the departure at 21:21 is TR9016 and the trainID that departs at 2312 is TR6387. Would you like me to book on of these for you?
I need an earlier train.|TR9016 is the earliest departure after 20:45. Would you like to change your specified time?
No, TR9016 will do.|I ha e booked your ticket. Your confirmation number is VBAEMG3Z. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you let me know if you need anything else.
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking to book a train for Sunday at 9:45, at or after. Can you help?|Yes I can,can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich.|I can get you on a 10:36 to Norwich aboard TR9533.
Could you tell me how long that trip takes?|The trip from Cambridge to Norwich is 79 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Are there any attractions on the west?|There are 13 places to go in the west. Do you have an attraction type in mind?
Not really. I would also like to know the entrance fee.|Churchhill College is a very nice place to visit and the entrance fee is free.  It is located in the west, on Storey's Way.
That sounds great. Are there any other attractions in the West?|Cambridge and county folk museum are available.
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help.|You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all that helped alot|Have a great day!
I would like to find a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday after 14:45.|Where will you be going?
I will be going to Cambridge from Kings Lynn. Should have clarified before.|I have a TR5331 arriving at 15:58, will that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 7 people.|Ok I have train TR5331 booked for you for 7 people. Your reference number is Q2o02XDS.
Great. Can you also help me find a museum to visit in the east?|We have 5 museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve a high street, and the saint barnabas press gallery.
I'd like to visit The Saint Barnabas Press Galary. What is the postcode, phone number and entrance fee?|The saint barnabas press gallery is free to enter and is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road, cb13ew.  Anywhere else you'd like me to check?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!|You are most welcome.  Enjoy the museum.
Hi, I need a train out of london liverpool street on Monday|What time did you want to leave london liverpool or arrive in cambridge?
i want to leave after 12:15|TR6226 will leave at 13:39, would that work for you?
Sure. Can I get the arrival time and how long it will take?|The arrival time is by 15:07 and it will take 88 minutes. Can I book that for you?
Not right now. However, I do need to find an expensive restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|Kymmoy looks like a good choice.
Please reserve a restaurant for five people at 19:15 on Monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DWLEYVAV. is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all I need.|It has been a pleasure, have a great day. Goodbye
Hey there, I need a train from stevenage that leaves after 09:45. Can you help?|I would be happy to help with your request, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
We are going to cambridge and would like to leave on monday after 09:45.  Thanks for your help.|Would a train departing at 09:54 work for you?
That sounds great!  Could you give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID as well?|Sure. It's train TR8265, arrives at 10:43 in Cambridge and has a duration of 49 minutes. Can I book you seat?
Maybe later. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant.|There are many expensive restaurants in the city. Do you have an area or type of cuisine that you'd prefer?
No, I'll take your recommendation. I do need postcode, address and phone number, please.|I would recommend bedouin,address is 100 Mill Road City Centre,phone is 01223367660 and post code is cb12bd.
Okay, that's great!  Thank you very much!  That's all I needed.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye.|Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
I am going to be visiting and would like a guesthouse.|I have about 24 different options. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range or area?
it should have star of 0 and should be in the expensive range.|I don't have any hotels that match that criteria.  Would you like to switch up your rating or price range?
Sure, I could stay at a cheap guesthouse.|ok, I have one in the north or in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I will take the one in Centre, can you book that for 8 people starting Friday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well please.|I have booked the El Shaddai for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Friday.  The reference number is BX3X2XZ1.
Next up I'd like to inquire about a train going to norwich.|To narrow down the search, could I possibly have the date and the departure location for the train and possibly a desired time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday and need to arrive by 13:15, please.|Certainly. TR2625 leaves at 11:46 and arrives at 12:55. Will that do?
Yes. What is the travel time, price, and departure time?|The departure time will be at 11:46 with a travel time of 1 hour 10 minutes. The price is in the cheap range.
That should be all. thank you very much.|The price for you trip to Norwich is 17.60 pounds. Do you have any final question?
No thank you very much. Good bye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I'm heading out on Saturday and need a train that arrives by 17:45|sure, what is your destination?
I'm leaving for Cambridge from Ely.|Train TR8176 leaves at 15:25 and will arrive at your destination at 15:52.  Would you like me to reserve you a seat on that train?
Yes, that sounds good. I am also interested in finding an entertainment centre at my destination.|There are 5 entertainment attractions in town, but they are only found in the east, south, and west.
I'm disappointed but I would love to see a college, too. Is there one in the centre?|Christ's college is in that area and has free admission.
Cool. Could you tell me the postcode and their address?|Post code is cb23bu, and their address is saint andrew's street.
Is there any entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for the attraction.
Great.  Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now. I'll let you know if I need more help in the future.|Thanks for using our services.
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.|Which day would you be traveling?
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.|I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.|I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side|Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4|It fits that criteria.
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.|How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.|I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse.
Do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the west?|There are no hotels that meet that criteria? Would you like a different area or a different price range?
How about a cheap hotel?|I have the cambridge belfry, which is 4 stars, cheap, and in the west with free internet and parking.
book for i people for 2 nights starting monday|You are booked, as one person, into the cambridge belfry. Your reference number is C74YTD9R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that will be all. thanks!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, good bye.|Okay have a great day! Bye for now!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday after 21:30.|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Broxbourne.|I have 2 trains going to broxbourne, do you have an arrival time preference?
i just want to leave after 21:30|Will an arrival time of 22:01 work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need the price and travel time for that, please.|will you be leaving cambridge?
Yes, I'll be leaving from cambridge. What's the train number and cost? Oh, and how long is the trip?|It costs 17.90 pounds.  I need to know your arrival time to determine the trainid.
I also would like to book a table for 3 at prezzo for 16:00 the same day I arrive or Tuesday. I need the reference number also.|I was able to reserve a table at Prezzo on Thursday at 16:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number R0Q4HL63. Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day.
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet.|I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?|Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side|I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.|How many people will be joining you, if any?
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?|Where do you want to travel to and from?
I am looking for places to see in town. Can you help me?|Cambridge offers many attractions. Is there a certain part of town or type of attraction you'd like to narrow your search down to?
I really don't have a preference.  I'll let you pick!  I'll need the address, postcode and the phone number.  Thanks so much!|Little saint mary's church	is an architecture site, their address is little saint mary's lane, and postcode is cb21qy, and the phone number is 01223366202
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Monday. It will need to leave after 21:45.|what is your destination.
I'm leaving from Cambridge going to stevenage.|The TR6906 departs at 23:21 and arrives at 24:10.  Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the price on that one please.|The price is 12.80 pounds
That's exactly what I needed. Thank you. Goodbye!|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Well, I am coming to Cambridge and was hoping to try some local restaurants.  Can you help me with my choices?|Yes, I can help you with that! What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I need something expensive please preferably in the North.|If you like European food, I'd recommend City Stop Restaurant.
I'll give that a try. Book a table for 6 people for Sunday at 12:30 please.|Thank you.  I have booked you a table for six on Sunday at 12:30 at City Stop Restaurant, and your reference number is CAWRD4D1.
Thank you. I also need a train the same day.|Ok, let's narrow this down a bit.  Where would you like to depart from and where are you going?
I am departing from Peterborough and going to Cambridge.|Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I want ot get in by 8:00, I need to get in in plenty of time for my Sunday booking.|The TR7721 would work for you, do you need a booking?
Yes, I need 6 tickets and the reference number of the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 79.19 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8M72FMPK.
Thanks you, that is everything, you helped me a lot.  Thanks a bunch!!|Thanks for contacting us, have a pleasant stay!
Can you get me information on a hotel called cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a 0-star, moderately-priced hotel in the center of town. They offer free internet, but no parking. Their address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road, cb12tz.
I would like to book this hotel for 4 people and 2 nights for Tuesday.|Ok, I've booked the cityroomz hotel for your party of 4, for two nights starting Tuesday.
Can I have the reference number please.|Yes your reference number is BEVM8GPA.
Thank you. I will also need a train to cambridge.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming in from Stansted Airport heading into Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I want to travel on Tuesday.|There are 19 trains available that day. Is there a specific time you would like to book?
I'd like to arrive by 18:30, but I can leave at any time.|I have 13 trains.  The TR9892 leaves at 5:24, would that work?
Sounds good enough to me. What is the price of the TR 9892?|10.10 pounds for one ticket
Ok, great and could you please confirm the departure time for that train?|The TR9892 leaves Stansted Airport at 5:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 5:52. The TR0135 would also work, it leaves at 14:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:52.
Okay great. Thank you!|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been a great help. That's it for now. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Hope you have a great day.
I would like to go to a theatre in town. How many are there and where are they?|What area in town would you like to go to?
I don't care, anywhere in town is fine.|i suggest the junction. it is in south. can i give you the address?
Sure. What is the Address, phone number and postcode?|The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you that is all.|I am glad we were able to help you today. Have a good day.
I need to find a train.|Okay- from where to where?
I am wanting to go from Stevenage to Cambridge.|OK - what day and time do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday and should arrive by 10:45|The TR4800 meets your criteria. How many tickets would you like?
The departure time is all I need.|Have a nice day.
Can you please help me find a train? May I ask that it comes at 10:45 and leaves on a monday? Thankyou.|Yes, and what is your destination?
Norwhich, please. From Cambridge.|I'm sorry. The earliest train departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55. Would you like to book that train ?
Yes for one person please. i will need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is I8HVTE6S. Will that be all?
I need a hotel room with i need free parking.|Great, I have many hotels with free parking. Do you have a particular area in mind?
Somewhere in the west please.|Okay and what is your price range?
I don't have a price range in mind.|I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap right on up to the Huntington Marriott Hotel which is expensive.  There is also another cheap and moderate choice if neither of those work.
Could you get me the postcode for the Cambridge Belfry?|I can. The postcode is cb236bw. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
that is all i needed for today thanks|You're welcome, have a great day
I'm exhausted. Can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?|Sure. There are both moderate and cheap priced guesthouses in this area. Which would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, and I don't need internet access.|If you have no particular requirements, you might like the Autumn House, which is an inexpensive 4 star guest house on the East side.
Does it include free internet?|Yes it does.
I want to book it for one person, four nights starting on Sunday.|You can rest now, your reference number is BQ8VSRRZ. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't rest yet.  I still need a train.  I am traveling from Cambridge to London liverpool street.  Can you help me out?|Absolutely.  First, I need a few more details.  What day will you be traveling?
I'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by 14:30.|There are 5 trains that meet those requirements.  TR5504 would have you arrive by 13:27.  Can I help you buy a ticket?
Yes please for one. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number: 9COW8ZI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you.|Fantastic! Have a good day.
Can you help me find a hotel called El Shaddai? Thanks.|Yes, El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the town centre.  Would you like to book this guesthouse?
Yes, I think so. I hear a lot of good things about them. Can you book me a room for 7 people for 2 nights on Friday please?|Your booking was successful, the reference number is OQ4FTSP6, can i help with anything else?
I also need a train going to stevenage and arriving there by 13:00.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What day were you wanting to leave on?
I'd like to leave cambridge on sunday, please.|TR8464 is your best bet. It leaves Cambridge at 11:21 on Sunday and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
May I please have the price for this train?|The cost is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No thanks that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your visit.
Hi there. I was wondering if you could provide some information on the Bridge Guest House hotel.|It is a guesthouse located in the south part of town in the moderate price range and has a 3 star rating.
Sounds good. Could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting Sunday? There will be six of us.|I'm afraid it's not available for that period.  You would like to try a different day? Or a shorter time period?
Is it available on Monday?|I'm sorry, Monday is not available either. Would you like to try a shorter stay, perhaps?
Would 3 nights starting Sunday work?|Yes, that stay is available. I have successfully reserved it for you with a reference number of 34Z6Y56Y.
Thank You. I also need a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.|Sure, I need further information to narrow the results though.
I need to arrive in Stevenage by 09:45 on wednesday|The TR8974 arrives closest to that time, at 08:10. Your other choice arrives 2 hours earlier.
I would like the one that arrives at 8:10. Could you book it for 6 people?|You're all set! The reference number is BGNTQZRJ, and you can pay the total fee of 76.8 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nothing else. Thank you for your help|You are very much welcome. Thank you for using our service and have a good day!
I am looking for a place to dine|There are many different options in town! Do you have a particular type of food and price range in mind?
Expensive is what I am looking for. I don't have a preference for the exact type of food.|There is Saigon City which is asian oriental located in chesterton
That sounds great.  Can I get their phone number?|Sure, it is 01223356555.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a train, The train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on saturday.
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from ely|TR4698 leaves Ely at 13:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:52.  Will this work for you?
Yes please book it foe me thank you|I have booked the train TR4698 for you successfully. Your reference number is 7MHIH3MB. The price is 3.52 GBP payable at station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thank you very much!|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
Hello!  Can you help me find a particular restaurant?|Sure, is there a particular cuisine you're looking for?
I am looking for the missing sock.|The Missing Sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road in the east. Phone is 01223812660.
Can you book  The Missing Sock for 5 people on Monday at 17:45?|I sure can. If you bump your time back an hour there is a discount. Would you be interested in that?
No thank you. Can you try to keep it at 17:45 unless its unavailable. And can I get a reference number please.|Ok, all set. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is UT72J030. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a train departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street and need to arrive by 17:30.|Will this be for Monday also?
Yes, Monday and please provide the price.|There are 49 train options and the price is 16.60 pounds.
As long as it arrives by 17:30 and meets the other criteria you can choose.|The first train leaves at 5:59.
That might be a little early. Can you find something that arrives clsoer to 17:30?|TR3602 arrives at london liverpool street by 17:27, if that is cutting it too close the next closest is TR1764 arriving by 15:27.
Will you book it for me?|I would be happy to book for you, how many tickets will you need?
just one ticket.|You are set, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 7FGNO098., any other questions?
No, that will be all for me. Thank you and have a nice day!!|I hope you enjoy your stay.
I need to find a train that leaves on Wednesday and arrives at its destination by 12:30. Can you help?|There is a train leaving from London Kings Cross at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I want to book that train for 6 people.|I can go ahead and book those for you.
Great, can I get the reference number for the train? Also I would like to find a moderate price Cantonese restaurant.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Great Please provide the reference number and then let me know about the restaurant.|I apologize the trains available arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like me to book this?
No. I need a train that arrives by 12:30 and departs from Stevenage, not London Kings Cross.|The closest one is TR4626, which arrives in cambridge by 10:43. Want me to book it?
Sure. Once again, it'll be for 6 people. And PLEASE remember the confirmation number this time!|Okay, booked as requested. The reference is 3ZQAT0V1.
Thanks that's all for me today|Have a wonderful time.
I want a train going to cambridge.|You're in luck, I have quite a few trains coming into Cambridge! Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport, please.|OK, and what day and time are you traveling?
I need to leave on sunday and I need to arrive by 12:15.|TR9445 departs at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 7 people.|Okay, the booking was successful and the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is D2K69PNC.
Thanks so much for the train booking. I also need lodging with free wifi. I don't need free parking, though.|I have a few places available, in which area would you like to stay?
Do have anything expensive? I don't care what area.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine. If you can recommend for me, that would be great. Oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.|I have three, is there a star range you prefer?
Oh, I don't really care about that. Which place would you recommend?|I would suggest Avalon.
Great!  Can I get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No that won't be necessary. I'd just like the postcode and address please.|They are at 62 gilbert road postal cb43pd, may I assist with anything else?
That's all for me. Thanks for your help. Bye!|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. Can you help me with that?|Sure what area do you have in mind?
I'd like it to be in the east. A guesthouse would be great with a 4 star. Also, I don't care about internet.|We have 6 different guesthouse that fit your current criteria. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Price range doesn't matter, can you find one with free wifi?|I have six 4 star guesthouses with free wifi in the east area of town. Do you have a price range?
Nope. Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the address, price range, and postcode, please?|The A and B guesthouse meets your criteria and is located at 124 Tenison Lane, postcode cb12dp.  The price range is moderate.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train to stevenage for tuesday.|Will you be departing from cambridge?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|What time of day would you like to travel?
The train should leave at 10:45.|The TR6009 will fit our needs. Would you like for me to book this train?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|I've book 7 tickets on Train TR6009 departing Cambridge at 13:21. Your total fare is 89.6 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is 2SCUVBST.
Great, thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's it. Thanks for everything! Bye!|Your very welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that leaves for leicester after 19:00.|There are 35 trains that arrive in Leicester. What day were you looking to travel and from where?
This would be on Monday departing from Cambridge.|The first train that fits your requirements leaves at 19:21. Would you like to book that train?
Yes please I am looking for the travel time, price, and train ID of that one.|Sure the trainID for the 19:21 train is TR5816, the travel time is 105 minutes, and tickets are 37.80 GBP each. Would you like to book a trip?
Not right now but I am looking for some places to go in town|What part of town would you like to visit?
A museum would be nice.|There are 23 different museums, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science might be worth a try, and it has no entrance fee.
Okay. May I have their address please?|Yes, it's address is free school lane.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
The address for the Whipple Museum is free school lane.|Do you need any other information about Whipple Museum of the History of Science? Or any other information about Cambridge?
What area is the Whipple Museum in?|The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is located in the centre of town.
Okay, thank you.  That is all I need for now.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
I am looking for a train leaving cambridge after 15:00.|what is your destination?
I'm going to Bishops Stortford.|The TR2730 leaves at 15:29. Do you want to book it?
yes please and I need the price and arrival time|How many tickets do you need?
Just 1 ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 12VHBCG9. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I would like to find an expensive Austrian food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Oh, that's too bad.  I do need something in the center.  Is there any British food?|Yes, there are a number of options.  Did you have a price range in mind?
I'd like something expensive please.|We have three options that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. I need a reservation for monday at 10:15. 2 people please.|I've booked you at fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is X5JH9O7F. What else can I help you with today?
Great! Thank you! That's all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Need a train to cambridge from bishops stortford.|There is a train on friday that leaves at 7:29 am
Will that train arrive by 15:45?|Yes, it arrives in Cambridge at 8:07.  Would you like me to reserve some seats for you?
What is the price and travel time for that train?|The price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves german food at the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet all of those specifications. Would you like to look for a different cuisine type or price range?
Can you recommend a Chinese restaurant since German is not available?|Yes, there are there are several. I could try to book you a table at Shanghai Family Restaurant in the city centre, or would you like to hear about the others?
Ok, I need a table for 2 at 18:45 on the same day please.|I have a table for 2 reserved for you at 18:45, your reference number is  6VIFYHL7. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No, thats all i needed.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a nice visit!  Goodbye!
I am looking to get a train to cambridge from kings lynn|I can certainly help with that. When did you want to travel?
depart from kings lynn at 20:30 and leave on Sunday.|There is a train leaving at 21:11 and it costs 7.84 pounds, would that be good for you?
My mistake I need the train to arrive by 02:30 on Sunday.|There are no trains at that time would you like to try a different time?
Not doing well, I actually need to arrive cambridge at 20:30.  I should leave on sunday.|TR6697 departs Kings Lynn at 19:11 and arrives at Cambridge at 19:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Could you tell me the price of this ticket?|Sure the ticket is 7.84 pounds a ticket.
OK. Is there a hotel in town called the Hotel Gonville or Gonville Hotel or something like that?|Yes, the Gonville Hotel is located in the centre.  It is an expensive, 3 star hotel that offers free internet and parking.  Would you like a reservation there?
No thanks. But can I please get the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ly. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it.  Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves British food in the expensive price range.|Okay how about the Travellers Rest on the west side?
No.  I need something in the centre.|Fitzbillies Restaurant is very good.  Do you need a table?
Yes, please book for 6 people at 11:00 on Tuesday.  Can I get a reference number?|Yes I will get a confirm number for you
Looking for a train that leaves on saturday|Yes, there are 404 trains. Would you like to tell me more to narrow your search?
Leaving Birmignham New Street, to Cambridge.|No problem. Any preference on times?
I would need to leave after 08:30.|TR1958 leaves at 8:40 - would you like tickets on that train?
Not yet.. just needed the ID.  Also, looking for a place to dine in the center of town at a moderate price range.|I have many delicious options. How does Cotto sound? It's British food.
That works for me. Book it for 3 people at 21:00 on the same day.|Unfortunately, there is no availability for that time. Did you have a different time in mind?
Oh, bummer. How about 20:00?|That worked! Your reference number is  WASWNFH0.
Thank you.  That is all.|You're welcome. Have an awesome day.
I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?|I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 16:00, please.|TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.|Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves french food.|There are no French restaurants in the west. Would you like to try a different part of town or a different type of food?
There are no expensive french restaurants in the west?|Yes, that's right.
What about an expensive place that serves British food?|I have two that meets that criteria. I would like to recommend the graffiti it is in the west side and serves british food.
Let's try the graffiti. I need their phone number, address, and the post code please.|The phone number is 01223277977.  The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon road postcode cb30lx.
Thanks. I also need a train ticket. The train needs to arrive by 13:15 and go to cambridge please.|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Ely.|What day would you like to travel and do you have a specific departure time in mind?
The train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 13:15.|consider it done,
Di you find me a train?|I TR0212 the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : RWIT4QLJ.
I need to take a train on saturday after 15:00|First I need a little more information to find something that will suit your needs. What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from Peterborough.|Okay, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No, just need to leave after 15:00. When will I arrive and how long does it take?|You have a few options. One train leaves at 15:19 and it's about a 50 minute trip, putting you in cambridge at 16:09. Should I book it for you?
No thanks. I also need multiple sports places to go please.|Okay, I found one on the East side called the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to get you the address?
no, thanks I just need the phone number|The phone number for the cherry hinton village centre is 01223576412
I am also looking for a multiple sports complex to visit.|There's the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like more information?
Thanks.  I am all set here.|Would you like some info on that venue?
No thank you. I have everything I need for now.|Have a wonderful day
I will be traveling to cambridge and need lodging.|Alright. Do you have a price range?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking located in the north that is in the moderate price range.|Is there a star range you prefer?
no, just need if for three people. Three nights, starting Wednesday.|Okay, your hotel was booked and your reference number is PCRN539L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a train leaving from bishops stortford.|Can you tell me what day you will be traveling?
I need the train on Wednesday as well and I need it to leave after 16:45 please.|There are 4 trains what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't care what time I arrive as long as I'm leaving after 16:45.|okay traid tr2106 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes book it and please provide the reference number.|Okay, no problem. Will you be needing tickets for three people for the train as well?
Yes, please book them for me.|I have you booked for 3 seats on TR2106 leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Wednesday at 19:29.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could you please provide me with the reference number so I have it when I arrive at the station?|Your reference number is: YQDWLHDW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go in town located in the centre of town.|There is the Vue Cinema downtown. If that interests you, their phone number is 08712240240.
What is the entrance fee and the address?|The address is the grafton centre, east road.  Unfortunately, there isn't an entrance fee listed.  Would you like information on an alternate attraction?
No that's okay. However, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Ely, could you help me find one?|Absolutely!  I have 70 trains going from cambridge to ely.  Do you have a departure and/or arrival time?
Yes, i would like to leave Saturday after 11:30|TR0721 departs at 11:50. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you provide me the travel time and the price as well?|Price is 3.52 pounds. Duration is 17 minutes.
ok thank you so much|I would be happy to book that for you. Are you travelling alone?
That is all I need today thank you for your help.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Please, if you can, find me a restaurant in the centre that serves Indian food|There are 9 restaurants in the city centre that serve Indian food. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, it's for a special occasion, so something expensive would be preferred.|That narrows the selection to six. Would you like me to suggest one?
I need to book a table for 6 on Tuesday at 12:45. Can any of them do that?|There are six different restaurants in the area that can reserve you the table that you require.  Your choices are Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.  Which would you prefer?
Can you please recommend one and book it for my party?|I would recommend curry garden. I just need to verify the time needed is 12:45 on Tuesday?
Yes, that is correct, 12:45 Tuesday for 6.|Great. Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is WA0R6QZN.
Thanks, can you help me find a train to get there as well?|I will need to know your departure and destination before reserving.
We will need to depart from Ely and will need to arrive in Cambridge by 08:15.  How long will it take to arrive and what will be the departure time?|TR6971 Departs at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. The duration of the ride is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you thats all I need|Thanks for using our service, and goodbye!
I'm wanting to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help?|There are a few. Does Primavera sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds great!  Can I get the address for it?|Sure thing, the address is 10 king s parade.
I also need to find a train for Friday. Can you help?|Ok, I am getting the systems up, where will you be going to and arriving from?
I need a train leaving on friday and I want to get there by 21:30. Leaving broxbourne and going to cambridge|Okay. would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, for eight people, please. And may I please get the reference number for that booking.|I was able to book TR5056, the reference number is G2VTHEIO.
Oh. I'm sorry, I need that booking for 6 people.  Can you change that and give me the new referrence number?|Sure your new reservation number for 6 people is  EAO8WB62.
Thank you good bye|I'm glad I could help.
Can you help me find a hotel in the north that is moderately priced?|I have two hotels, would you like me to book one?
Do either of them have free wifi and parking?  It is critical that I have internet and a parking spot.|Yes, both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge have free wifi and parking.
Can you book the Ashley Hotel for me? 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.|I have those reservations made for you.  Your reference number is 732E0LHX.
I am also looking for a train that departs from stansted airport and heads to cambridge.|Of course! When would you like to travel?
Wednesday also.  I can't leave until after 15:15 though.|TR1342 leaves at 16:24 and arrives by 16:52. Does that work for you?
Possibly, I'll have to confirm with my husband later.  Can you tell me what the travel time is for that train?  And the price as well?|The price is 10.10  and it takes 28 minutes.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us today, have a good night.
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay.|I like acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Does the acorn guest house have internet and parking?|Yes it has free parking and wifi.
I was wanting to stay in a hotel, instead of a guesthouse. Are you sure there aren't any 4-star hotels that has free parking? If not, the guesthouse is fine.|I see three 4 star hotel listings that offer free parking.
Do all of them have free wifi?|the cambridge belfry has free parking and wifi, it is four stars, located in the west and at a cheap price, would you like me to book you?
Yes can you make me a booking for 2 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.|Ok I will book it for you and is there anything else I can help you with ?
i am looking for a train that leaves for bishops stortford on Wednesday|I'd love to help! What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 13:30|TR8224 arrives in Bishops Stortford by 12:07.  Can I book a seat for you?
yes, please. For one|You are booked. The fee is 10.1 GBP. Your reference number is 73Z0FEHF. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay in the north.|There are many options for a place to stay in the north? Do you have a price range or any specific needs?
Yes, I would like free wifi and the hotel should have a star of 4.|There is an acorn guest house would you like me to book it.
Yes I would like to book that for the same day for 4 nights please starting from saturday.|I'm sorry, are you wanting to book the room for Wednesday or Saturday? You're train is booked for Wednesday.
I'd like to stay four nights starting from Saturday, please, for just me.|Your stay at the Acorn Guest House has been booked. Your reference number is 3SXCM6MR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thanks but that is all I need. Take care. Bye.|It was a pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge on a Thursday.|TR8272 leaves at 05.00
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave after 13:45.|Your best bet is probably the TR9033. It leaves cambridge at 14:01. Would you like a ticket?
Actually, I gave you the wrong day. I'd like to travel on Wednesday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave anytime after 12:45.|No problem.  I found 11 trains matching your request.  What time would you like to arrive?
No I would just like the earliest train that leaves after 12:45.|TR6167 leaves Cambridge at 13:01.  Can I book a seat for you?
I'll need it booked for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : W8FEGXWO. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment places to go in town in the south area.  Can you help me with that?|I can definitely help with that. I have two different entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Does either sound interesting?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number for Nusha?|Certainly. The number is 01223902158, and the postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I'm all set!|Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hello, I'm looking for information about restaurants in Cambridge. They should be located in the Centre and ser Gastropub food.|Would you like an expensive place? Or moderate?
Just a gastropub located in the center for 8 people at 12:00 on wednesday please|Sorry, none of the restaurants are available for that time and date. Perhaps pick another time?
How about at 11:00 instead?|Good news! I  was able to book a table for you at Backstreet Bistro on Wednesday at 11:00 for 8 people. Your reference number is 75F4S49D.
Excellent. I'm also looking to book a train too.|I can do that for you, where do you need to go?
I'll be coming to Cambridge from Broxbourne, on the same day as the restaurant booking please.|I have 5 options that will have you arrive before your restaurant reservation.  The train leaves every hour beginning at 5:32.  Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 tickets on the last train to arrive before 8:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EJJGOJ29.
Okay thank you.  That is all I needed.|Have a great dinner and a lovely train ride!
Can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge? I would also like to request that it be leaving on a tuesday.|I have several leaving on that day. What is your destination?
I need to head to Kings Lynn and leave after 20:15 please.|The TR8387 from Cambridge at 21:11 on Tuesday and arrive at Kings Lynn at 21:58. Do you want me to book you a ride?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|of course! how many tickets?
Actually I'll book on my own. Can you give me some information about a hotel called Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|Sure thing what kinda of info are you looking for?
I would like to book 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. your reservation number is  B96VFV64.
thank you very much. that should be all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi I am looking for a place to go in the west. Can you help?|I can help with that. What attraction type are you most interested in?
Another sort of attraction. Just let me know the postcode and address.|cb39et 	cb39et there you are.
What is this place?  And could I get the phone number?|So sorry for the system error. That postcode was for Queen's College. The address is silver street.
Thank you. I also need the phone number please.|Their phone number is 01223335511
Thanks! I also need a train to Norwich sometime after 15:00 on Tuesday, please.|Train TR6524 will work for you, can I book you a ticket?
Does it leave from Cambridge?|Yes, train TR6524 leaves from cambridge. May I book it for you?
No. But what is the travel time and when will it arrive?|It would leave at 15:36 and arrive by 16:55.
That will be fine. Can you help me book this?|I can book it for you.
Please make a booking for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4IYVEZIB.
what was the travel time for the train please?|it will take 79 minutes
ok, thank you very much|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.|welcome any time you need our help
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 12:00 and departs from Cambridge.|I will also need your arrival destination and day of travel please to complete this request.
I would like to go to Leichester on Tuesday.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Tuesday.|I have 12 trains that match your criteria.  They leave every hour starting at 12:21.  Do you have a preference of time?
That first one sounds good, the one that leaves at 12:21. Can you book that train for 2 people please.|Your total is 75.59 GBP, which you can pay at the train station. Your Reference number is : ATZTDM9Q.
I'm also looking for some entertainment around the center of town, do you have any suggestions|Sure, I can help you with that?  Was there a type of attraction you were looking for?
I was actually looking for an entertainment venue.|I have nothing in the venue right now. Do you have other preferences ?
How about a theatre?|we got 4. can i recommend one?
Yes, please. I need the theatre's entrance fee, address and postcode.|I recommend the adc theatr, postcode 	cb58as, address park street.  No entrance fee.
Ok that sounds perfect, thank you.|You are welcome.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is everything thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train to Broxbourne, leaving after 09:15|There are 98 trains, do you have a departure location and day?
I would like to depart from cambridge on friday|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7E3M8V02. Is there anything else I can help with?
What time will I arrive?|The booked for 1 person TR0826 leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 11:01.
How long is the train ride?|It will be 60 minutes.
Thank you! That's all I needed.|All right, then.  Have a nice trip, and a nice day.  Goodbye.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.|I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.|Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for information on train times, can you help?|Yes, I can help you with trains.  Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport to Cambridge after 16:15 on Wednesday.|TR1342 leaves at 16:42 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book a single ticket for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8MKSM72E. have you anything else i can help?
Yes, I need a place to have dinner. I'm thinking italian and expensive.|There are 5 locations. Did you have a preferred area of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre|i recommend caffe uno. can i book for you?
Yes. Book for 1 at 20:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LTN9KTVQ. Anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I would like to see a college in the centre area of town.|I have 13 colleges. I like the emmanuel college but is there another one you had in mind?
Emmanuel college is fine.  What's the address?|Emmanuel college is on saint andrew's street. It is free admission. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on Sunday.|Of course!  So that I can better help you, can you give me the departure and destination cities you are considering?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street. I would also like to leave after 21:00.|I have TR1012, leaving at 21:01 and arriving at 23:44. Will that work for you?
It sure will if you can book 8 tickets for me.|Your booking was successful and your fee is 480.64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I get the reference number for the train please?|Of course! Your reference number is J4Y78RXR. May I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you for your help!|Okay, have a great day!
Need to know the train schedule from leicester to cambridge|There is a train leaving at 5:09 on Friday and arriving at 6:54.
How about on Monday? Any train leaving after 19:00?|I would recommend TR6223 which leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 20:54.
Please book that one for 7 people.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is X16ZO0Y8.
I also need a place to stay in the east area.|I have 7 places to stay in the east. Did you have a certain price range or other preferences?
I would like a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|I have the warkworth house located at warkworth terrace. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 7 people and 2 nights starting on Friday.|Done! Your reference number is 02RUTRTJ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
Any good places to eat in centre?|Were you interested in any particular type of food such as British or Chinese?
We wouldn't mind trying something new.  We'd like to treat ourselves to something in the expensive range.  What do you recommend?|I would recommend Kymmoy hands down.  Great little Asian Oriental place.  Can I reserve a table for you?
What's the address there?|52 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else?
no thaank you that is all i need today|I'm glad we could be of service today. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for attractions that are in the centre, could you help me find some?|There are 44 attractions located in the Centre area.  Are you interested in any particular type of attraction to narrow down your choices?
Anything that you recommend I need the postcode and entrance fee.|The broughton house gallery located at postcode cb11ln has free entrance.
Sounds great. Thank you for the recommrndation postcode, and I am happy about the free entrance.|You're welcome, can I do anything else for you?
No, but a thank you for helping me.|You are welcome.  Have a good day!
Oh I need a train  to cambridge on Wednesday|I can help with that. Where did you want to leave from?
I want to leave from Stansted Airport.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to get to the airport by 10:45.|Just to verify, you would like to leave Stansted Airport by 10:45 and head to Cambridge? Is that correct?
I would like to arrive at the airport by 10:45.|Train TR1691 leaves stansted airport at 11:24 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52. Would that work for you? I'd be happy to book tickets for your group.
That would be great. I just need 1 ticket and my reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PPDCGT1H. Anything else?
No that will be everything, thank you. Goodnight!|You are welcome. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I am looking for a college in the West in town.|I have 5 colleges in the West area. Queens' College,Magdalene College, Clare Hall, Clare College, and Churchill College, is there any other information that you need?
Can I have the address and postcode for Magdelene College?|Yes of course. The address is magdalene street and the phone number is 01223332138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb30ag. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Thank you! Goodbye.
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.|I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.|Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results.  Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?|Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections.  Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions?
We want to try a local restaurant that serves Asian or oriental food.|I have 5 restaurants that match so far.  Do you have a location preference of centre or north?
I would like a restairant in the centre please.|What price range would you like ?
I do not care. You tell me the best one and give me their number please.|I recommend Kymmoy. Their phone number is 01223311911. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from leicester.|What time are you looking to leave by?
I want to travel into Cambridge and leave sometime after 16:45 please.|Train TR2078 leaves Leiester at 17:09 and arrives at 18:54 into Cambridge. Would that work for you?
Yes, could I get 3 tickets for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : WMWAXBFD.  What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. I appreciate all of your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum in the west area of town.|There is a museum called Kettle's Yard in the west. Would you like to go here?
Yes please, what is their entrance fee?|Kettle's yard has a no entrance fee.
Oh great thank you for your help. Where is the train from cambridge to norwich depart from and when?|There is a train leaving on Friday at 5:36. Would you like that one?
I'm actually looking for one on Thursday that will arrive by 10:30. Are there any trains available for that?|Yes! The price is 17.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like to book 6 tickets, please. And may I have the reference number once the booking is complete?|Yes great! I have your reference number. It is HI5JHIXZ and the total cost of your tickets was 105.6 GBP. Please do enjoy your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|Sure thing, enjoy your trip!
I need a train to stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by at least 21:45|I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel on? Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge on Monday.|The TR4015 will get you in at 21:08. Will that work for you? Or would you like to get in a little sooner?
No thats fine and that will be all thank you|If there is nothing else I can do for you, have a great day and thank you.
Actually, could you just give me some information on sesame restaurant and bar?|Yes, sesame restaurant and bar serves chinese food and is in the expensive range.  They are located in the centre.  Do you have any other questions about them?
Just their address and phone number please.|The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre and the postcode is cb21nw.  Is there any other informaton I can help you with?
Looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday.|I have trains all leaving cambridge going to london kings cross on wednesday. First one leaves at 05:00 last at 13:00 and its a 51 minute ride
I would liek to arrive by 13:00, can I book the one that leaves at 12:00|Sorry, but I don't have anything leaving at 12:00 but I have train TR9781 that leaves at 11:00 and will get you there by 11:51. How does that sound?
That sounds fine. What's the price?|The ticket price is 23.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
One ticket will work.|Booked! You'll pay at the station. Your reference number is: 0140Z2O7.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for a concerthall to visit.  Are their any in the west?|Unfortunately there aren't any. Could you like to try other areas?
how about one that is in the type of museum.|I have the Cafe Jello, which has free admission.
That's awesome! What's their phone number?|The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112.  Can I help you find anything else?
That's everything. Thanks for the help.|We hope you enjoy your trip.
Thanks so much again! Goodbye!|You're welcome, goodbye.
I need to find information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant.|The bloomsbury restaurant is located at Crown Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street. Their number is 08719429180. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please! For 2 people on Sunday!|I have located your restaurant and booked a reservation for 2 people on Sunday!
May I please have a reference number?|What time would you like me to make your reservation?
Lets do a table for two people at 14:15 on Sunday|I'm sorry, that time is unavailable.  Is there another time or day you would like?
Try 13:15, please.|I have made your reservation for Sunday at 13:15. The reference number is XSFGYZXO. May I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What information are you looking for?
I need some places to go. Maybe some place in the centre are of the town. Multiple sports type?|Unfortunately there are no multiple sport type attractions in the centre of town? Would you like info on another attraction or in another area?
Can we try to find a theatre? I'll need the phone number, please?|I recommend the Mumford Theatre. They are located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Their phone number is 08451962320.
Thank you. I also need information on a train to Leicester on Thursday.|I have several options, what is your timeframe like?
I need to arrive by 20:00 please.|and from where will you be departing?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|The TR3564 will get you there by 19:06. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets.|The reservations have been made and the reference number is F82V85K4. and the total fee is 226.8 GBP.
No thanks!  That's it for now.|OKay I am glad I could assist.
Goodbye and thanks. Have a great day.|welcome anytime you need us
I need to book a train to Cambridge please and thank you.|I'd be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on sunday and departing from london kings cross.|What time will yiu be leaving?
I don't have a leave time but I want to arrive by 20:15.|Okay, there is an 11:17 that will get you there by 12:08.  Or there are a few earlier trains if you want to get there sooner.
Yes, that would be ok with me. How long is the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes, would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I would like to find a place to stay, please.|Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel? What area do you prefer?
any area but ut has have free parking and a 1 star|I'm afraid I am not showing any options with one star and free parking. Can you give me more options to look at?
I need free wifi as well.|I was unable to find a hotel to your specifications. However, there are three hotels in town that have 2 stars. One is expensive, and two are moderately priced.
How about a 4 star hotel?|How about acorn guest house? It's lovely!
That sounds great. Can you help me book it for 3 nights please?|Sure! What night would you like to start the reservation?
The same day as the train reservation.|And is it just you or will you be traveling with someone else?
No, unfortunately I'm traveling alone this trip.|Unfortunately, I am having trouble with that booking. Is there another day or hotel you are interested in?
How about on saturday?|I'm sorry but I can not book for saturday either.
Can we try a different day or a different hotel?|How about the alexander bed and breakfast?
Can you book it for 7 people for 3 nights please?|Okay I can arrange that for you. I just want to confirm that you want the reservation for Sunday?
That is correct|I am sorry, but I am unable to book that for you. Can we try a different place?
Can you please try to book for Saturday instead?|I'm sorry but the reservation isn't available for that day.  Would you like to try a different day or location?
Can you try for Saturday?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Is there a different 4 star hotel available?|Yes, the allenbell is a cheap guesthouse in the east with 4 stars, would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi?|Good news, that original place we talked about Acorn Guest house, the booking went through, the reservation umber is  JI5OJNRX, any other questions?
Thank you that will be all I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!
Can you help me find a train going to the stansted airport leaving after 18:45?|What day will you be traveling and from where?
I will be departing on Thursday from Cambridge.|The earliest train is TR9030. It will depart at 19:40 and arrive at the airport at 20:08. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
I'm not very good with numbers.  Can you tell me the travel time of that leg?|Travel time is 28 minutes. Would you like reservations?
No. Not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves Belgian food in the centre|I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about African food?|We do have an african restaurant called Bedouin. It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you just give me the postcode and address?|The address is  100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that'll be all!  Thank you!|Okay. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Carribbean food. Do you have any like that?|No, would you like to try a different type of food?
How about indian food?|There are a few restaurants that serve Indian food. What area would you like, and price range?
I'd like an expensive place.|I recommend Tandoori Palace in the west. Would you like me to book a table for you?
What is the postcode for that place?|The postcode is cb43le. You need anything else?
Yes i need a train going to stansted airport on friday.|When would you like to leave?
It should leave after 12:30 on friday.|Do you have a certain time you need to arrive by?
Does not matter when I arrive, whatever is closest to leaving at 12:30 but after, can you please book me for 7 and give me a reference number?|I have you booked on TR0188, leaving Cambridge at 12:40. The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is BFK34XQC.
Thank you. That's all I need. Bye.|thanks for inquiring with us. have a great day
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday. Can you help?|I sure can. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday.  The train should leave after 16:00.|How about TR6838? It leaves at 16:36.
Can you give me the arrive time, train ID, and price? Thank you.|The train ID is TR6838 and the price is 17.60 pounds.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please. I am also looking for the Cambridge and county folk museum.|I managed to book you on TR6838.  Your confirmation number is  DCI4NSWK.  The cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street.
What area of town is that located in?|The museum is located in the west.
What's the entrance fee?|It would be 3.50.
Ok, I would like to purchase a ticket to the museum. Can you process that for me, please?|I am sorry i am unable to purchase tickets here is the phone number 01223355159 so you can reserve tickets.
What attraction type is the  cambridge and county folk museum.|It is a type of museum. That is all the information I have.
Thank you. You have helped me with all my needs. Have a good day. Good Bye.|You're very welcome, enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for museum type attractions.|May I suggest Cambridge Artworks? They are located in the East at 5 Greens Road.
Okay wonderful! Thanks so much.|Cambridge Artworks has no entrance fee and the contact number is 01223902168.
Thank you so much! I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday and going to Cambridge.|There are 202 trains to Cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I need to arrive by 9:15 and then depart from stevenage.|Great, train TR5737 arrives at 08:43 in cambridge. How many riders shall I book tickets for?
There are 8 riders, and I need a reference number please.|Booking was successful your Reference number is : AC1OUCJV
Thank you very much. That was all I needed for today. Have a nice day.|Happy to help. Enjoy your stay!
I'm planning my first trip to Cambridge and looking for places to go in the centre, can you give me some suggestions on what and where to go?|Sure, i would suggest going to the multiple nigh clubs that are in the centre and also located there are museums. does that sound like something you would like to experience?
Yes, I think we will go to the museums.  Can I get the postcode for the museums and what do they charge for entry? Thank you.|I have 5 museums that may interest you, 4 of them are free and 1 has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Stansted airport.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 17:15.|There is a train: TR8363 that arrives at the airport by 17:08. How many people are traveling with you? Would you like me to book it?
Can I get the travel time and departure time on that?|Of course. The TR8363 would leave at 16:40 and arrive at 17:08. It would of course cost 8.08 pounds per ticket, and it would be a 28 minutes ride.
Thanks, that is all I need. Have a nice day.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! You have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a cheap price range|I have found 15 restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you want a certain type of food?
I would like the phone number of a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.|The two choices are chinese and asian oriental,which one would you like?
Please recommend a restaurant.  I really do not care about the food type.  Thank you.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I would need the phone number and food type.|Rice house is a chinese restaurant and their phone number is 01223367755. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes,  I also need help biking a train.|Alright, could you provide me with your departure and destination locations?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and should leave on Friday.|And where will you be going?
I am going to  london liverpool street.  I'd like to leave after 12:15.|TR4187 is the first departure after 12:15, leaving at 13:59. Would you like to book passage?
Please just tell me the ticket price and travel time|The travel time is 88 minutes, and tickets are 16.60 pounds
And what time will it arrive?|It will arrive at 15:27. Anything else for you today?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you tell me more information on the avalon?|I can!  The avalon is a guesthouse in north.  What other information do you need?
Can you help me book a 5 night stay there?|Absolutely!  First, what day did you want to arrive, and how many guests will be staying?
I'll need to book for 3 people for a 5 night stay starting on wednesday.|Not a problem, I have booked your stay there already. Your reference number is HNG3AW8R. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.|Your only departure site is cambridge. And the cost is 60.08 pounds.
That's where I am leaving from. I'll need tickets for 3 people and we need to leave after 15:30.|Train TR6725 will be leaving at 05:01 D o you want me to buy a ticket ?
No, I need the train to leave after 15:30. Can you help me find a train at that time?|TR2776 will be perfect for that time. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please.  I need three tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M27VMT7N.
Great, that is everything, thanks for your help.|Okay, I hope your visit is wonderful!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge, I would like to visit multiple sports in the east area.|the cherry hinton village centre is in the east area would you like the phone number?
No, but I'd like the address and postcode if you have it.|The address is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton and the postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. I also need information on a train. I need one that leaves Bishops stortford after 13:30.|There are several trains available after that time, what is your preferred time and day for booking?
The train needs to leave on sunday and depart after 13:30.|Okay, I've got TR4651 which leaves Sunday at 15:29 and arrives	16:07, will that work for you?
Yes that works, can I also get the price?|Certainly.  The price is  8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book this now?
Ok great, can you confirm that this train goes to cambridge please?|Yes, TR4651 does indeed go to Cambridge.
Thank you for the information. That's all I need right now. Good bye.|Of course. Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Have a nice day.
I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday please|What departure location will you be using?
leicester please and can you bookn that for me ?|I would be happy to book that for you!  What time would you like to depart?
I need it arrive by 13:30 and needs to depart from leicester.|If you'd like something very early, the TR6125 departs Leicester 05:09 and arrives Cambridge 06:54. Would you like a seat on this train or shall we look for something later?
That is good. I would like the price also please.|The price per ticket for that route is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 9 great places to choose from. Would you like to stay in a certain price range?
Yes I need the cheap price range|I recommend zizzi cambridge on Regent Street.  Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, I would like a reservation for  6 people at 17:00 on the same day as the train.|Alright I booked you a table at zizzi cambridge! Heres your reference number TSOG5SDI. Anything else I can do for you?
that is all for today thanks|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east?  It does not need to include internet.|Okay! What is the price range that you would like?
Price isn't an issue for me, but the hotel should be four stars|a and b guest house is a nice option
nice! does it have free wifi?|Yes it certainly does.
That's great, can you make a booking for?|Sure!  How many people for your stay, when would you like to start your stay, and how long would you like to stay for?
I will be arriving Friday and I need it for 2 nights for 1 person.|I booked you a room at a and b guest house for Friday. Your reference is 2WB08P38. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you and yes. I'd like a train from Cambridge to Leicester for Sunday.|There are several trains matching your criteria. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 20:15, please.|TR9187 arrives by 08:06. will that be fine with you?
What time does it leave, and how long is the ride?|The train leaves at 6:21 and the duration is 105 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.|Great. I hope you have a lovely day.
I'm going to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on wednesday.|Where will you be departing from and what time do you need to arrive in Cambridge?
I'd like to leave from Standsted sometime after 15:30.|the TR1342 leaves at 16:24
That will work, can you reserve 7 seats for us on that train please?|I was able to book for you. The reference number is DSE7LBCU.
Thank you can you help me find a place to eat as well?|What kind of food would you like ?
I'm sorry I don't need a restaurant, I need to find a hotel that has 2 stars.|I would recommend Lovell Lodge on the north side. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking.
That sounds great. Book it for me for  7 people for 4 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : SY83O0SO.
That is all I need, thank you!|Have a wonderful stay.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly! Are you looking for a place to stay, a restaurant, attraction information, or do you need transportation?
I need a train that leaves after 15:45 on Wednesday.|Where will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I want to go to Stansted Airport.|Those trains leave every hour. There are trains that meet your specifications. The earliest would leave at 16:40 and arrive at the airport by 17:08.
I also need suggestions for places to go. I'm interested in seeing colleges in the north.|There are no colleges in the north. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
Could you please try for something in the boat category?|The Riverboat Georgina in a boating place and is in the NORTH
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.|I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.|TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel|The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride.  Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : G368B2VI.  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi|I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.|What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
I would prefer a 3 star rating, price range isn't important.|Okay there are two options, the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel
I want the hotel located in the centre, as I stated before.|The Gonville Hotel is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a room or is there anything i can assist you with?
please just send me their postcode. thank you|The postcode is cb11ly.
Thank you for all your help.|You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I need a train from cambridge to ely.|No problem.  What day will you be leaving, and is there a particular time you would like to board?
Yes, I need to leave on Friday sometime after 15:30.|I have a train that leaves Cambridge at 15:50 and arrives in Ely at 16:07, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also would like the reference number.|Sure thing. The number is FAC22HSG. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm sorry, I forgot to specify that I need 6 tickets. Could you change that for me?|Surely, I have made that change and the new reference number is YWF1K74N. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks I appreciate it. That's all I need!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
Find me an italian place in the north|I have da vinci pizzeria. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 hours on saturday?|Done. Your reference number is 7LJ1OE8L.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else you need today?
im also looking for a train that arrives by 08:15 and leaves on tuesday|Certainly, where would you like to depart from, and what is your destination?
I will depart from Cambridge and arrive in Leicester.|TR2950 arrives at 08:06. Do you need a ticket?
Sure, can you book this for 3 people.  I'll need a reference number please.|Okay, I have booked 3 tickets for TR2950. The reference number is RCS04ITK and the total fee will be 113.4 GBP.
Perfect thats all I needed thanks|You're welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I am all set, thanks.|You're very welcome! Bye!
I'm looking for a train leaving on Friday that arrives by 1:45 PM. Can you help me?|What city will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from Cambridge to ely.|There are four trains that can get you to Ely by 13:45, do you have a particular departure time preference?
I don't have a departure time preference. Can you let me know how much the price is for the earliest departure out of those four trains?|TR1709 leaves at 5:50 and is 4.40 pounds, there are later trains also at the same price. Would you like to book a seat?
No thanks.  But can you find a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the centre?|You're in luck! There is one Lebanese restaurant in all of Cambridge, and it's in the center. Ali Bana, located at 59 Hills Road City Centre.
How is the pricing there?|Ali Baba is moderately priced. Do you need a reservation?
No, just the address and postcode please.|the address is 59 hills road city centre. the postcode is cb21nt.
Thanks so much! That will be all for today!|Thank you have a great day!
I need a train departing from cambridge going to leicester.|What day did you want to travel on?
I'll be going on Wednesday, after 13:15.|We have one that leaves at 13:21, and arrives by 15:06 would you like me to book this for you at 37.80 pounds.
That's perfect. I need 5 tickets|Ok.  I've reserved 5 tickets for Wednesday leaving Cambridge and arriving in Leicester at 15:06.  Your reference # is A4T8DCJA.
Thank you. I also need information on a hotel called warkworth house.|Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the east side of town, would you prefer a different part of town?
I just want information the the Warkworth house, especially the address, please.|The address is warkworth terrace.
Okay, thanks that's all I need.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Please recommend some worthwhile places to visit in the centre.|there are some great museums, colleges and churches for you to visit.
Great, I would like to get some phone numbers for those places in the centre.|I have Hughes Hall, 01223334898, with free entrance.  The broughton house gallery at 01223314960, also free.  I don't seem to have any churches.  Can I help you further?
Yes I need a train going to birmingham new street leaving after 18:15.|Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I'll be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are five trains leaving on Weds. Do you want me to pick one to book?
Sure, and make me a booking for 7 people.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Ok, that would be great.  Can I get the reference number please?|TR9236 leaves cambridge on wednesday on 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44. I have booked 7 tickets. Your Reference number is : 2BGY3ZRW.
Thank you.  That's all I need for today.  You've been a great help.|Have a wonderful visit. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in.  I prefer something in the expensive price range, and also one that offers free parking.|The gonville hotel may be a good option.
I'd like a place with 3 stars.|The Lensfield Hotel or Gonville Hotel both meet your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at either option?
What area is it in?|The gonville hotel is in the centre area and the lensfield hotel is in the south area. Would either of these hotels work for you?
i want the one in the south|In that case, you'd prefer The Lensfield. Do you need to book a room?
yes can you please. thank you|Which day would you be arriving at the hotel, and how long will you be staying?
Wednesday for 4 people, just one night.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : H9CE5KK3. Can i help you with anything else?
I also need a train going to Leincester from Cambridge. I want to leave on Monday and arrive at 13:00.|How many tickets do you need?
4 people please.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is 6F8IVDHH.
Can you find me a place in the centre of town?|We have lots of attractions!  Something more specific you are looking for?
What do you recommend? I will need the address.|How about all saints church? The address is jesus lane.
Perfect. I also need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by 17:30.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by day, destination, or departure time?
Yes, Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.|I have a train that arrives at 17:27. Could I book that for you?
Yes, please.  I need a booking for 2 people.  Will you send me the reference number?|I successful booked your train the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station and the
reference number is : VJVYH5LC. May I further assist you.
I'm looking for a medium priced Chinese restaurant.|Alright we have a few of those. Any preference on the area?
I would like it to be in the North please.|The Golden Wok is in the North and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a table?
That sounds perfect. Can you please book a table for 7 at 12:30 on Monday? I'll need a reference number as well.|I have booked it and here your information,Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A776MGRF.
Thanks. Now please book me a train departing from London Kings Cross on Monday|Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge.  Is there any way I can get a train that will arrive by 09:00?|Sure I have train TR9276 arriving at 08:08 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that would be great.|Would you like me to book this for you?  I will need to know how many total people will be traveling.
Yes I need 7 tickets please.|You are booked, the reference number is C33Q5D2G, the total fee is 196.2, any further questions today?
That's it. Thanks very much for your help today.|Thank you for choosing to work with us. I hope your experience has been pleasurable. Have a good evening.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to North Cambridge and I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant for dinner. Can you help?|There are two moderately priced restaurants in north cambridge. The golden wok serves chinese food and the nirala serves indian food. Would you like a table at one of those?
I think I'll try the Golden Wok.  Can you get a reservation for 2 people 11:30 this Thursday?|I'm sorry, but they have no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
how about 10:30 then?|I have you booked for Thursday at 10:30. Your reference number is Y4VBKJFT. Keep in mind the table is reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Is there a train that arrives by 15:15 from Cambridge?|There are 714 trains. Where are you travelling to?
I am going to bishops stortford, leaving on Friday.|Train TR8585 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, for 2 people. Can I have the reference number?|Ok, I have booked the train for you. The reference number is 4NSCBU57. What else can I help you with?
No thank you.|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need a train leaving after 8:15 going to stevenage.|Is that leaving from cambridge? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|TR8913 will leave at 9:21 and arrive by 10:10. Do you want to book a seat? It will cost 12.80 pounds.
No that is all I need for now.|Do you need help with anything else? Hotel, attraction, etc?
Yes, a place to stay/  I am treating myself so make it an expensive one with free parking.|Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in please?
Any area would work. It needs to be a 2 star hotel.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for me.|I'd be happy to help. Is it just you, or will you have other guests? And for how many days will you be staying?
I do not want to book  it. I just need the postcode.|Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed.|Ok great, have a fantastic day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's moderately priced.|Sure, I can find one for you.  What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter, I'm not familiar with the town.  I just need free WiFi and free parking.|The acorn guest house is located in the north and offers free parking and internet. Phone number is 01223353888 and has 4 stars.
That's what I need. Will you book acorn guest house for me starting Wednesday for 7 people, please.|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or try booking another hotel?
Can you try again, please? I never told you how many nights we need. We'd like to arrive Wednesday and stay for 5 nights. We're a party of 7.|Oh, I'm sorry, that was my mistake. I do have you booked now for five nights now, reference number 1UX4GMPA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge. I'm coming from Broxbourne.|It looks like they run hourly at 32 minutes past the hour, starting at 5:32. Did you have a day and time in mind?
I'd like to arrive by 14:15.|Sure, the train that arrives closest to 14:15 is TR7834 arriving at 13:32. How many people will be riding?
How long will I be on the train?|You would be on the train for an hour, is this OK?
Yes, so to clarify, what time will that train be departing?|TR3158 departs Broxbourne at 12:32, arrives at 13:32, and is a one hour ride. Would you like me to book it?
No, thank you. The information was all I needed for today.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
I am looking for Italian restaurants in Cambridge in the cheap price range.|We have a few in the north, west, and centre. Do you have a preferred location?
I'm looking for something in the north, please!|Da vinci pizzeria is the only cheap Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thanks, I just need the phone number, address, and postcode.|The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41jy and the phone number is 01223351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I also need a train on Monday, arriving at 17:45.|I'll be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Norwich.|Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving cambridge heading to norwich|Train TR9460 leaves Cambridge at 15:36 and would get you to Norwich by 16:55.  Would you like me to book for you?
No thanks. Maths isn't my biggest strength so please tell me what the total travel time is.|The total travel time is 79 minutes. Can I do anything else for you today?
I think that is all the info on the train that I needed.|If there is anything else you might need please feel free to call back.  Enjoy your day!
I need something in the realm of entertainment in the centre of town. What do you have?|There are no entertainment venues in the centre of the city. Would you like to try a different part of town, or a different type of attraction?
Stay in the centre, but try looking for architecture attractions please.|I have 5 different architecture attractions I can offer. Can I suggest Holy Trinity Church? Or would you like something else?
That sounds interesting. Could I please get the church's address and postcode?|Holy Trinity Church's address is market street and the postcode is cb23nz.
Thank you. Can you help me with a train for thursday?|Certainly what is your departure location and destination? And what time would you like to travel?
Leave after 15:45, from Cambridge to Leiceister.|There's a few choices, but here's one that I think will be a good fit. Train TR3564 leaves on Thursday at 17:21 and arrives by 19:06. Is this good?
That sounds great, I have everything I needed. Thank you!|Welcome, hope you enjoy your stay.
I need directions to leverton house, a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?|Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you?
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.|Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday.|What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.|What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after 20:45. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hi, could you help me find a train departing from London Kings Cross?|I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'll be going to cambridge on thursday.|Trains run that route every couple of hours. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 20:00.|The latest arrival is TR1149 at 17:17, is that ok?
Sounds great. When will that be leaving the station?|This train leaves at 17:17.
get me the price. also find me  a 4 star hotel in the north|I do not have any in the north. What else can I help with?
What about a Guesthouse in the North? Can you find me one?|There is the Acorn Guest house. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.  Would you like for me to book it for you?
Can you just tell me the address please?|Price for the train is 23.60 pounds. THe hotel is located at 154 chesterton road.
Can you book the room for me?|I would be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you will be checking in, how many people and for how many days?
I don't need to book a hotel just need the address and price range.|It is a moderate priced guesthouse. They can be contacted at 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
Hi, I'd like to book a train that leaves after 21:30 on Friday.|Sure, where are you departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and traveling to Birmingham New Street.|TR8202 is leaving cambridge at 22:01 would that work for you?
Yes could you provide me with the travel time and arrival time as well please?|The travel time for the TR8202 is 163 minutes. The arrival time is 24:44. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve gastropub food.|There are 4 restaurants that serve gastropub cuisine. Do you have a location and/or price preference?
Yes can we try the south?|I am sorry there are none in the South. There are 3 in the centre and 1 in the east. Will one of those area work for you?
How about centre?|Yes, there are 3! Price ranges are moderate and expensive. Does one of those suit you?
Moderate price range please.|Perfect, there's a place called The cow pizza kitchen and bar, would you like me to book it?
Please, for 7 people at 13:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BGGCS2UB
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Have a great day! Bye.|You're very welcome! Enjoy your trip!
I need a train for Thursday please. Get me one that arrives by 13:45|sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge.  Leaving from Stevenage.  Can you tell me about this?|Sure! TR1661 will leave at 11:54 and arrive by 12:43. Do you require more information or do you want book now?
Could you tell me the price for a ticket, and the typical travel time?|The train ride is 49 minutes and it will cost 12.80 pounds.
Thank you! Also, can you recommend a moderately-priced vegetarian restaurant, please?|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any vegetarian restaurants at all. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
Ok, try the asian oriental food then.|Ok the only one is Yippee Noodle Bar. Would you like for me to book a table?
Sure!  I'll need a booking for 5 at 18:45 on Thursday.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is MZZNA6KZ. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help.|Any time. I was happy to help.
You are doing a great job! That's all I needed.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a college to visit, can you help me?|Which area would you like to visit?
Any area is fine. Can you tell me the fee, postcode, and address of your favorite one?|Churchill college in the west is a great place to visit, the address is storey's way with postcode db30ds and entrance is free.  Can I help with anything else?
Can you find me an Italian restaurant near the college?|Any particular price range?
Actually, I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.|Can you please specify where you want to go, which day and what time you want to arrive?
I need a train from Cambridge that can arrive by 16:15.|Certainly. Where is your destination?
I want to go to Broxbourne, please.|What day do you want to travel?
The train needs to leave by Saturday and I need three tickets.  I would also like the reference number once you book it please?|I booked it you reference number is DUW21NUT
Thank you, that's all I needed.|You are welcome. Your total for the three tickets is 42.96 pounds. You can pay at the station.
I'm looking for a hotel in Cambridge in the higher prices ranges and would like for it to include free parking.|I can offer you 5 options, ranging from 2-4 stars, all with free internet and free parking. Where in the city would you like to be?
I would like to be in the north part of the city please.|I'm sorry, I have no expensive accommodations with your requirements in the northern part of the city. Will any other area do?
Do you have anything in the south?|Yes, The Lensfield Hotel is in the south at 53-57 Lensfield Road cb21en, phone 01223355017. If you'd like to book there, let me know what day, and I'll set it up.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Lensfield is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Sounds great. Could I have the address?|It is located at 53-57 lensfield road
Thank you. I am also looking for a train departing on Saturday from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|Okay, there are several trains to choose from. What time would you like to depart?
I would like to arrive by 10:30.|I have one that gets there at 10:07.  Will this work for you?
That would be perfect.  Please reserve 8 seats for me.|The booking for 8 tickets was successful. Your reference number is 4MKJKVTR. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll do it.  Thanks!|Glad I could help. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Going by train or in a tree? Not in a car! Please, let me be ... helpful by telling me what I can help you with for your trip
Is there something wrong with you? I need a moderately priced guesthouse on the east side with a 4 star rating. Or do you need help?|Sorry bout that, Dr Seuss gets the best of me sometimes! How about 1 and b guest house on Tension Road?
Can you book it for me?|Absolutely I can book a and b guest house. What day would you like the reservation for?
My 4 friends and I want to stay for 2 nights, we plan to arrive on Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : H0GCL2M7. Is there something else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a trail which will arrive by 16:15 in cambridge.|Absolutely, where are you leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving London Liverpool Street on Monday.|TR6226 arrives at 15:07 do you want me to book it for you? The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Yes please for 5 people. I need the reference number as well.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP and it can be paid at the station. Reference number is Y4HS2Q9D. Is there anything else?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your assistance.|Enjoy your day and your stay.  Hope its not bad in any way.
I need a place to stay that includes parking|Would you have a preference for an area or price?
A hotel on the east side with free internet and parking if thats doable.|I have one hotel on the east that offers both free wifi and parking. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is expensive and has a 2-star rating.
I need the postcode too.|The postcode for that is cb13lh. Do you want me to book a room now?
No thanks, but I'd like some information on a train next.|i can certainly help with that. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and need to arrive by 12:00.|We have over 400 trains that meet that criteria, what destination did you want to go to?
This will be on a Friday and I'm going to Leicester.|Is there a time you want to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00, which ever one is closest to that.|I have the TR7505 that will arrive by 11:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes!  Please book for me and three friends.  I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : A6Z2U9VN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!|You're welcome, and have a great day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly! What information do you need to know?
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the west, and I'll need WiFi while I am there|I would suggest this one the cambridge belfry.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for now.|You're certainly welcome.
I appreciate your time. Goodbye.|Please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a expensive guesthouse.|Would you settle for a moderately priced 4 star?
Are there any expensive guesthouses in any area? I just need it to have free parking.|I'm afraid not. Would you prefer a cheaper one, or perhaps a hotel?
Sure, I'll go with a cheap one.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would you like to book it?
No, I don't need to book at the moment, but I would like the address.|Certainly! Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I also need a train arriving by 17:45 on Sunday.|How about TR7423? it leaves at 0500
Sorry the train should arrive in Leicester by 17:45 and depart from Cambridge on Sunday.|How silly of me to recommend an early morning train when you need to be there in the afternoon, I apologize TR9992,  arrives by 17:06, interested in tickets?
Could you please let me know when that departs and what the total travel time is?|Let me check into that for you.
Thank you, please.|That departs at 15:21 and the total travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help today!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
nope, that's it thanks!|Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for the Cambridge Contemporary Art.|It is a museum in the center of town.
May I have the phone number and postcode?|Phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Can you help me find a train leaving Saturday, departing from stansted airport?|Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge and need to arrive by 1:30pm.|The TR8488 leaves Stansted at 12:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that suit you?
It would, thanks. Please make me a booking for 2 people on that train.|I have booked two tickets for you. It'll be 16.16 GBP and the reference number is: VZK4BVQ5
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip!
I'm coming to town from Ely and want to book a train.|There are plenty of options, what date and time will you need this service?
I need arrive at cambridge by 10:45.|There are 21 possible trains with the  TR2704 arriving closest to your desired time at 09:52.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book a seat.|Ok, it'll be 4.40 pounds per ticket. How many tickets do you want?
I need to make a booking for 8 people.|Here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LWIXNE3T.
I also need a restaurant.|Well do you have a preference for food type, price range or location?
A cheap one in the south part of town.|There is a chinese place and a portuguese place.  Do you have a preference between the two?
The Chinese restaurant will be find. I'd like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on Friday.|Booking at The Lucky Star Chinese Restaurant has been confirmed your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number 3NXT0DHF. May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
Can you give me the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge
Postcode	:	CB20QQ
I am actually looking for a train on sunday from peterborough.|What is your destination?
Going to Cambridge.|At what time do you want to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:45. I will need to buy 5 tickets once we find a train.|I have train TR7721 arriving at 7:38 would you like that one?
Yes, five tickets, please. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is CIGYXAW9. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a guesthouse. I need free parking and free wifi there.|there are 21 options. do you have any other requirements?
No. Just free parking and free wifi. Also I'll need the phone number please?|I would recommend the Allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east. Their phone number is 01223210353.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all that I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Sure, can you help me find a particular hotel?|I have a lot of information about hotels in the area. Do you know what part of the city you would like to go to?
I am looking for information on the worth house.|Ok the worth house is located in the north and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to know anything else?
Thanks. I need to know about taking a Sunday train from Kings Cross.|I have several trains departing from kings cross on sunday.  What is your destination and what time would you like to depart?
I am looking for a restaurant named Prezzo in Cambridge.|The address to Prezzo is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and the phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, for one on Thursday, 16:15|Great!  I have you booked - reference number 0Z1CRCLO.  Please note - table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant heading to cambridge.|Sure, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I am looking to depart bishops stortford and need to arrive by 08:00|I have five trains that arrive then, shall I book the train for you and if so for how many tickets?
Could you tell me the ticket prices for the train?|Sure.  There is actually only one train available and it costs 10.10 pounds.  Do you need a reservation?
Yes, could I please have the train ID and the estimated travel time?|The trainID is TR6270 and the travel duration is 38 minutes.
Ok can you book that for me, thanks!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is D3VKUHBI. Thank you.
That is great.  I think you have provided all the help I need today.  Thank you.|You are welcome.  If you ever need any other assistance, please contact us.
I will definitely keep that in mind!|Great. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house. Can you help me out?|Yes, what would you like to know about it?
I'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on Friday.  We will be in town for 4 nights.|I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is XUSQ4E7T. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need a train that leaves after 9:30|I can help with that.  What are your departure and arrival stations please?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Peterborough, on Tuesday please.|How about TR9522? It leaves at 09:34.
That sounds good. Could you give me the arrival time and the travel time?|Train TR9522 departs at 09:34 and arrives at 10:24. The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book any tickets?
Yes, please go ahead and book the tickets. Can I have the reference number as well?|7KKKCLIP is the reference number.
Thank you so much for all your help today.|Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No, that is all I will be needing.  Thanks again.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
First, I need a cheap guesthouse in the centre. It should have free WiFi.|Yes I have two one is rated 4 stars and the other has a 0 star rating. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer the 4 star rated one. I need to book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting friday.|Okay. Your booking at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast was successful. Your reference number is 7IL8SAJV.
Great thank you|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train that leaves on monday going to birmingham new street.|There are trains every hour to birmingham new street. It takes 163 minutes. What time would you like to travel?
I need to depart from Cambridge, leaving after 20:30|There are three trains that depart after 20:30  The first one departs at 21:01. Would you like to book a seat?
No thank you! I just need the arrival time, travel time, and train ID.|TR2392 arrives at 23:44. I travels for 163 minutes.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am trying to find a good place to stay.|Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.|I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?|The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|Hi, there's one that departs at 05:00 going to london kings cross. Would you like to book it?
I actually need to go to Birmingham new street by 13:45 on Tuesday.|The TR8233 arrives at Birmingham new street at 13:44. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Please, just one ticket. Can I have the reference number as well?|The booking went through successfully. Reference number is : U1F39M58. The total fee is 75.09 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to dine?|It will be my pleasure. Do you have any preference in location, cuisine or price range?
No, I would just like something expensive.  I like the west side of town.|We have some very nice restaurants, such as the Graffiti, offering British cuisine, The Cambridge Lodge, with European, and the Tandoori Palace, with Indian fare. What sounds good to you today?
Surprise me. I need the postcode, phone number, and type of food though, please.|I would recommend Graffiti, serving british fare.  Their phone number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.|Great! I'm happy to help. Goodbye!
I need a train leaving Thursday after 17:45.|Could you give me a little more information? Where will you be traveling to and from?
To Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|The first train leaving Stansted Airport after 17:45 leaves at 18:24.  You'd arrive in cambridge by 18:52.  Would you like me to book a seat on this train?
Yes please, what is the Train ID and price?|The train ID is TR5433 and the cost is 10.10 GBP per ticket.  Would you like me to book this trip for you?
That won't be necessary but thanks anyway. Although, I could use some help finding an attraction in the centre of town.|There are many attractions. Churches, cinemas, colleges, and art gallery's. Do any of those sound appealing?
Can you give me a few samples?  I'll need the entrance fee, too.|All Saints Church is free to get in as is Holy Trinity Church. Would you like more information?
Yes. Postcode, phone number and entrance fee's if any of All Saints Church.|Their phone number is 01223452587.  There is no entrance fee.  Is there anything else that i can help you with?
Yes, I still need the postcode for All Saints Church.|Sorry about that. The postal code is cb58bs.
Thanks so much for your help today, that was everything I needed.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for information and could use your help finding a train.|I'd be happy to help. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave stevenage on saturday.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave/arrive at.
I don't have a departure time preference but I would like to arrive by 15:45.|There are five trains to Cambridge on Saturday- the latest arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for that one?|The cost for the train leaving Stevenage at 13:54, arriving Cambridge at 14:43 is 10.24 pounds, would you like me to book that for you today?
what's the train ID?|TR6607. Would you like me to book you on?
I also need a hotel. I don't care about parking but it does need free wifi.|What area would you like to stay in?
the south . and  make it a guesthouse with free parking also.|i have 3 guesthouses in the south. two are moderately priced and one is cheap. which do you choose?
Price is not an issue for me. Please recommend one of them for me.|Sure! I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 8 and 2 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful, the reference number is Y9ZD16I2, any further questions?
That is all I needed today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip to our town. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars.|Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
I don't really have an area in mind. I would just like for it to have free wifi and be a hotel instead of a guesthouse.|Cityroomz over in Centre would work perfectly for you then!  They do have free wifi and are a moderately priced 0 star hotel.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 nights for two people starting on Monday.|I have booked the cityroomz for you for 5 nights starting on Monday.  The reference number is MSZ63RPW.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a train from Cambridge.|Okay where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
Please list all restaurants in Cambridge centre in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants matching your criteria. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
Possibly Italian if that's available for 3 people on Thursday at 13:30.|There are 2 choices, pizza express serves Italian food with a moderate price range, or pizza express Fen Ditton also in the moderate price range. Which shall I reserve?
Let's go with Pizza Express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.|Ok.  I was able to book the table for three.  Your reference number is 0FOAJA8A.
I need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. Can you help with that too?|You'll have to tell me where you are departing from?
I'm travelling from norwich.|Okay thank you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 8:00.|which day do you want to travel?
I want to get there thursday please.|TR4387 arrives at 07:35, would that work for you?
Yeah could I get three tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 5K7P12XZ.
Thank you so much, If you can please leave a review for us. I hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.|ok, thank you and enjoy your stay!
am looking for a train it should arrive by 18:30 and should go to peterborough|TR9859 cost 	16.50 pounds. Is there anything else?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|There are two trains that arrive in Peterborough by 18:30. What time are you planning to leave Cambridge?
I just need to arrive by 18:30 in peterborough the departure time doesn't matter.|TR8293 arrives at 17:56 and TR2913 arrives at 18:24. Would you like me to book tickets on one of them?
I need tickets for 8 people. Can you book and give me the reference number?|I booked TR 8293 and you reference number is EPABNNPD. Is there anything else?
No that is all.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.|We have 29 places that include both, did you want me to narrow things down with a couple more searches?
I really don't like hotels. I never have a good experience. So, maybe a guesthouse might be a better option for me.|OK, there are 21 guesthouses for you. To narrow it down more, do you have an area of town you want to stay in or a pricerange in mind?
Can you find one that will take a booking for Thursday and Friday for eight people?|yes if you tell me your price range.
I don't have a price range any one you recommend will be fine.|I would recommend allenbell.
Can you book 8 people for 2 nights staring from Thursday for me? I will need a reference number as well.|Your reference number is GUE0LWWA
Okay. Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that's departing from Kings Lynn heading to Cambridge.|When are you looking to travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you have a specific arrival or departure time in mind?
I would like to arrive by 9:00.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hi there, can you help me with some upcoming plans?  I am looking for places to go.|Yes, there are many attractions what kind of places are you interested in?
I'm looking for a nightclub.|There 6 nightclubs in town. There are 5 in the centre and one in the south.  Do you have a preference in area?
Not really. Let me have the postcode for the one in the south then.|The postcode for The Place is cb23hg.
Is there an entrance fee?|Theres is a 10lb entra=nce fee, do you want me to book it for you ?
I am looking to book a train ticket. It needs to arrive by 11:00 and it has to leave on Saturday|I can help you find the right train. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I want to go to london kings cross and would depart from cambridge.|TR2138 arrives in london kings cross by 9:51 on Saturday, departing Cambridge at 9:00.  Does this sound like what you're looking for?
Yes! Can you book it for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is MTL1SC10. Thank you and have a nice day!
Actually I also need a place to stay in the east section, I need to have free parking wherever it is.|We have 5 guesthouses and 1 hotel, that offers free parking on the Eastside. do you have a price range you're looking for?
I am open to price, I would like it to have a 3-star rating and free wifi included.|I do not see an available hotel with 3 stars and wifi at this time. There is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi, would that do?
Well,  can you check to see if maybe there is a hotel like I'm looking for in the Centre instead?|The Gonville Hotel is located in the Centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to try to book?
Yes. Book it for two people for five nights, starting Monday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book that for you, would you like to try another day?
Ok, can you try 2 nights?|There was availability for 2 nights so I have booked your request.  The reference number is 61745O20.
Thank you. Have a nice rest of the day.|Thank you for using our system!
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a train leaving from Cambridge.|No problem! Where will you be going to and on what day?
I'd like to go to london liverpool street on Sunday. I need to get there by 21:00.|I have train TR7713 that departs at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27. Would that work for you or would you like something earlier?
That one would be great. Can I get 2 tickets on that train, and the reference number once it's booked?|Certainly. I have now reserved two tickets for you, which you can pay for at the station. Your reference number is 13GQ9S3A.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free parking.|What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay.|Can I recommend el shaddia guesthouse?
Does this location include free wifi?|Yes, El Shaddai includes free parking. Would you like to book a stay, or perhaps you would like directions?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?|Yes it does, would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Could you make it for 2 nights/ 2 people starting on friday.|I'm sorry, that reservation wasn't available. Perhaps you could book another day, or a different length of stay?
That's okay, see if you can make the booking for one night instead.|The booking was successful! Your reference number is 7V39SM46.
Thank you very much for all your help.|need any other help?
No. Thank you for your help.|Great! Enjoy your stay!
Yes, hello. I need a train departing from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.|Sure thing, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Sunday|TR5529 leaves at 5:40 and arrives at 6:08, will this work for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.|The total is 56.56 GBP and can be paid at the station. the reference number is Y1MGNCV3
Can you suggest somewhere around here where I can see multiple sports and is in the centre?|I'm sorry.  I was unable to find anything that matched that criteria.  Can I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please see if there are any types of colleges located in the centre?|Yes there are five colleges in centre.  Four are free to get into, one is 2 pounds.
Could you give me the address for the one that is 2 pounds.|That address is king's parade.
I need a train out of Cambridge as well. I need to leave on Friday.|What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.|There are several available. Do you have a preference on time?
I would like to leave after 09:00.|What time would you like to arrive by?
i dont mind as long as we leave after 09:00|I have a train here that is leaving from Cambridge on Friday at 09:06 and arrives at 09:56. Would this be good for you?
Yes. That's perfect. I need 4 tickets please|Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3071 train was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : NZFZ3VHB.
Ok. Thanks.  I am all set.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
I am looking for train going to cambridge please.|Where are you planning to depart from?
I would like to leave from the birmingham new street station please. On a Saturday.|Okay, what time do you need to leave by?
I need to arrive by 16:45, departure is not as important.|How about TR3415 that arrives at 08:23?
you can book it please. get me the reference number too|Reference number is : PA6L738Y.
Thank you for your help|welcome. at your service next time
Sorry, I should have specified but the booking needs to be for 3 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station for 3 tickets. Reference number is : 0UP7SB1H.
Perfect. Thank you so much! Have a great day!|You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that was all. Thanks|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
Hi, I'd like a listing for a Mediterranean restaurant.|La Mimosa is a nice restaurant in the centre of town which serves Mediterranean food in the expensive price range.
That sounds wonderful. Can you help me book a table for 2 people at 18:00 on Wednesday?|I am sorry I cannot reserve a table for that time. Maybe another?
Can I book a table for 17:00 instead?|I'm sorry. That time is unavailable as well.
Can you help me find a train going to Stevenage and leaving Thursday instead?|There are ten trains available. Can you give me a little more detail about your trip?
I am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving cambridge anytime after 15:30 please|The train leaves every 2 hours starting at 17:21.  Would you like me to book a ticket on any of the 4 trains available after 15:30?
Yes, please can I book for two people at 17:21?|The booking was successful the total price is 25.6 that can be paid at the station. Reference number is UD72LTGU
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday leaving Cambridge after 15:30 for the same group of people.|I've done that for you. If you need additional help ask away. If not have a good one!
What trains leave Friday from Bishops Stortford?|I have ten train departures fitting this criteria. Each leaves on friday on the :29 of the hour from 05:29 to 23:29. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need to arrive in cambridge by 11:15 which one would work best?|The TR3450 leaves at 07:29 from bishops stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 08:07. Is that okay?
How much is the ticket?|Tickets on this train are 10.10 GBP each.
Great. Can I also get a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range?|There are twenty-one moderately-priced restaurants located in the centre of town. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Yes please. I will need a table for 6 at 18:15 on Friday.|Booking was successful to dine at the cow pizza kitchen and bar. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 3V4CILV4. Is there anything else needed?
No, thank you very much for your help.|You're quite welcome. Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great! We have lots of great restaurants. Let's narrow down your search. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving expensive thai food|Do you have a preference for the area?
I'd like a place in the centre.|Bangkok City will fit your preferences perfectly.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will need to be on Friday at 14:30. I'd like a table for 4, please?|Your table is all set, reference #J0U97VPD. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! Are there any trains leaving that same day from London Liverpool Street?|Yes, there are several trains leaving that same day from London Liverpool Street.
Can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? Something that's moderately priced would be best.|There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant in that area and price range. Do you have a preference for type of food?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants.|The restaurants are called Curry Prince and the other is Rajmahal. They are both in the moderate price range.
Great! I would like to book at table at Curry Prince.|How many people will the reservation be for?
Just myself, at 14:30 on Thursday, please.|I was unable to book for that time, would you like me to try something else?
How about 13:30?|I was able to book that for you for 13:30. Your reference number is 9VLGU3GE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for information on trains going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.|There are 5 trains leaving on Friday. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you would like?
Yes, I will need to be at Bishops Stortford before 16:15.|Okay. TR5853 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07 would you like me to book that train for you?
Please. Can you also provide me with the reference number?|Before I can book that for you, would you please let me know how many people will be traveling?
Oh, sorry about that! Same as the restaurant, so just 1.|The reference number is EMG78YR0.
Thank you so much, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for pizza hut fen ditton.|Sure, it's located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton	cb58ba
Great.  Can you get a table for 7 for me.  Saturday at 14:00.|Ok! I have a table for 7 booked on Saturday at 14:00.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your Reference number is 54PRTQHD.
Wonderful. Could you help me find a train, as well?|Yes, where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Where will your destination be?  What day will you be traveling?  When do you need to be there by?
I need to leave on Sunday and get to Leicester by 16:00.|There are 5 different trains that could work. Would you like me to book the earliest one?
No, I'd rather have the latest one possible.|The TR3371 meets your criteria. Would you like tickets? If so, how many?
Please reserve for 7 people|Booking for TR3371 is confirmed. Reference number is : MBSYUIFA. Total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station .
Thank you! That is all that I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day!
I need to catch a train into Cambridge. Could you help me find one?|Of course. What time and from where are you departing?
I need to go to cambridge from broxbourne and the train should leave after 10:00 on a tuesday.|Train TR6989 leaves at 10:32 and arrives by 11:32.  Would you like to book it?
Yes, I need tickets for 3 people please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 23926N66.  Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
I also need a place to eat serving indian food|which side of town do you prefer?
Only the best will do. Can you find me something in the expensive price range?|I found multiple Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. There are many choices in the Centre, which part of town do you prefer?
Any area is fine. Please just recommend a restaurant, and send me the address and postcode. Thanks in advance!|Rajmahal is very popular. Their address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their post code is cb58rg. Will that be all today?
that is it for today. have a good day|I hope you have a great time.
thanks again for everything.|You are quite welcome. Thank you for using our services.
I want to try food in Cambridge and need to get a train to stevenage that leaves after 14:45.|Hello, trains depart every 2 hours on the :21's, what day are you hoping to travel?
I want to leave on sunday from Cambridge.|There are 5 such trains. Do you have a preferred arrival time?
I would like to arrive in time for lunch, preferably around 11:00|I don't have any for that time frame, every train is running after 12:00. I can book you for one that leaves at 15:21. Is that alright?
Ok, the 15:21 going to Stevange on sunday would be great. I'll need the price and train ID as well please.|The prices is 10.24 pounds and the trainID is TR4550. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not quite yet, could you tell me what the travel time is for that trip? I also am looking for a restaurant to dine at.|There are 110 restaurants to choose from. What area are you looking to dine in, and what kind of food are you hungry for?
Find expensive welsh food, or if not welsh, indian, for 6 people at 10:30 Sunday. I need a reference number, please.|Sorry, there aren't any expensive welsh restaurants, but there's an indian place named curry garden.
Sounds good to me. Book it for six people at 10:30 on Sunday. Out of curiousity... how long is that train trip going to take?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes Reference number is : MUEIRYK2. And the train will arrive at 16:10.
Great - I do still need to know the travel time for that train, though. The 15:21 train to stevenage?|The 15:21 train to Stevenage will take approximately 49 minutes to reach its destination. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, can you also let me know the price for that train?|The price is 10.24 pounds.
Can you book me 6 seats on that train?|Your total for 6 tickets is 61.44 GBP, payable at the station, for reference number T0KZHAA5.
You're still not done! Give me the train ID for the train.|Thank you for reminding me,  your train ID Number will be: TR4550.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 09:30.|There are 1064 trains leaving after that time, do you have a preferred destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.|There are 49 trains headed to Stevenage on that date after that time. How does 11:21 sound?
That sounds great. Can you please book that for one person and give me the reference number?|It has been booked. The reference number is 4SZT0AAV.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel called the Huntington Marriot Hotel. Can you help me?|The Huntington Marriott Hotel is located on Kingfisher Way. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from Monday. Also could you please provide me with the reference number?|All booked! Your reference number is 4EMWSAP1.
Alright, that's everything! Thank you very much.|I am glad I could be of service, I appreciate your business and I hope to see you again. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in cambridge|Okay. I can help you find a restaurant or hotel, look for tourist information, book a train or taxi. How may I help you ?
I need a train going to Broxbourne that leaves after 8:00 on Monday|TR5517 will leave at 08:01 and arrive by 09:01. Would you like to book seats?
That's leaving from Cambridge, right? If so, then yes, book me one seat, and give me the reference number, thanks!|That is correct! One ticket has been booked and your reference number is WB6YZLP0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for information on a hotel called cityroomz.|I have it be sure to give me your preferences and we can start booking
I just needed to find out if they offer free parking there.|Unfortunately, Cityroomz does not offer free parking--just free internet. Is there something more I can help with?
No thank you.|Thank you so much for calling.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel.|Okay I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North please.|I'm sorry, we don't have an expensive hotel in the north end. Will anything else do?
Well, the area doesn't matter, as long as it offers free parking.|How about the Gonville Hotel in the centre area of town?
If it has free parking then I need a booking for  7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Reference number is : ETXC5B3T. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge I want more information on the primavera , do I need tickets or make seating arrangements|The Primavera museum is located in the centre area at 10 King S Parade. No need to purchase tickets as entrance is free. May I assist you with anything else?
Can I also get postcode?|The postcode is cb21sj. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a train to Cambridge that leaves after 14:00.|There are 735 trains heading to cambridge what is your departure site?
Stansted airport. Can I make that for thursday, too?|The earliest train is TR5502 and leaves at 15:17. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I would like to know the price please.|The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to book now?
That's okay I don't need to book today but I think you would have solved all my questions|Have a great day. Please contact us again if you need additional information or would like to make that booking.
Hi there, I'm looking for any information that you have on a place named Mumford Theatre.|Mumford theatre is in the centre of town their number is 08451962320, their postcode is cb11pt, and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road
Do you need any more information on the theatre?|I'm sorry, I don't understand your request.
Never mind. Can you tell me if there are trains to there from cambridge arriving by 20:15?|Are you wanting taxi service to the theater. I'n not sure I understand your request.
No. I need a train that goes to Stansted Airport please.|There are many trains available. What day and time do you want to leave?
I need to leave on Monday. I don't care about the departure time.|There is a train from Cambridge to Stansted every hour on the :40 on Monday. The closest arrival to 20:15 is the 11:40, arriving at 12:08.
Thank you. Could I get the ID of the 11:40 train? Also, is the travel time 35 minutes?|Sure. the train ID is TR1552 and the travel time is 28 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Help me find a chinese place to dine in the centre please.|I show 10 Chinese restaurants located in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in the expensive price range.|There are 4 Chinese restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range. May I suggest HK Fusion?
Can I book it for 1 person at 14:15 on thursday?|I was able to book you, the reference number is 83KK1ZQE, can I assist with anything else?
I can't wait to eat there, thanks. I also need train information. I am going to birmingham new street and need to arrive by 09:45.|WIll you be travelling Thursday, as well?
No, I need to leave on Friday.|Train TR8310 would be perfect for you shall i book it ?
Yes, 1 ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KXH54OG6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am good to go now, thank you so much! Take care!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great trip!
Thank you for your time.|You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
Can you help me find a place to go on the east side of town where I can enjoy multiple sports? Thanks.|There is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to making a reservation for you?
No thanks, I'd like to call them first.  Can you give me the address, phone number and entry fee for Cherry hinton village centre?|Their phone number is 01223576412 and the postcode cb19ej. They are located at Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
looking for a train. The train should go to london liverpool street and should leave on saturday|Where will you leave from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|how about train TR4078 that leaves at 13:39?
When will it arrive? I need it to arrive by 19:30.|how about the TR8530? that train arrives at 19:07
That will work, go ahead and book that.|For how many people?
I don't need need reservations I just need a price and train ID.|The train ID is TR8530 and the price is	13.28 pounds.
ok thats it thank you.|Thank you for letting us help you today.
I need to book a train that leaves Cambridge after 17:30.|There are several trains that leave Cambridge after 17:30. Can you please tell me your destination so I can find the most appropriate one for you?
I would like to go to Norwich.|There are 49 trains, do you have a preferred day?
I need to leave on Sunday please.|TR1975 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Is that okay?
Yes, what is the travel time and price for that train?|The travel time is 79 minutes and the cost of the ticket is 14.08 pounds.
Could you also confirm the arrival time?|Of course, the arrival time of the train is Sunday at 18:55.
Thank you very much for your help?|You are welcome.  Do you need any other information?
No, that'll be all!|All right, please enjoy your trip!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving by 13:45|There are many trains relevant to your search. Please tell me where you are departing from.
I need to leave from Peterborough on Sunday.|Okay I can book you a trip on train TR5662, leaving at 07:19 and arriving by 08:09. How many tickets would you like?
I need to book the train for 7 people. Are you able to do that for me and provide me with a reference number please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is JA1FRX8K. Anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for this place called Castle Galleries?|Castle Galleries is a museum at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I need the post code please.|The postcode is cb23bj.
Thanks, that is all the information I need. Have a great day.|Thank you and have a great day!
Ok, thanks for all your help regarding my requests.|No problem, enjoy your trip. :)
Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and would like to know if you have a train that departs around 12:00 from Cambridge proper.|Yes, can you tell me where you would like to travel to and what time?
I'll be going to London Kings Cross on Friday.  I need to arrive by 12:00|The TR1502 puts you in London Kings Cross at 11:51, will that work for you?
Yes, please book that for 5 people.|I was able to book you 5 tickets for that train. Your reference number is XNQN9BN0. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Yes, I'd like to find someplace to stay with free wifi in the centre of town, please.|alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap location. Shall I book?
I am actually looking for something in the more expensive range and it should also include free parking.|There are two locations in the expensive range, Gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel and University Arms Hotel which is a 4 star hotel, which location would you prefer?
Put me in the University Arms, same group of people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.|I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 3JP83PAX.
that is great. thank you. that is all for now.|You're welcome. Have a nice day too
You have been most helpful. Are there any colleges in the area with free admission. Or other attractions available close by?|Yes, there are several colleges in the city centre.
thanks once again|Have a great day, thanks
I need to find a train going to Stevenage. Can you help me?|What day will you travel?
We will be leaving on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 16:00.|How about a train that leaves at 17:21?
Thast will work,I need you to book it for 2 people and a reference number please|I want to confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If you want to arrive in stevenage by 16:00, I recommend TR0743, leaving at 13:21 and arriving at 14:10.
Yes, can I have the reference number and also a place to stay with 3 stars and fee parking?|The reference number is 4H7V2X8R.
Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?|Yes, what do you have in mind?
I'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. I'd like free parking too.|There are 9 results that match your criteria, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the west.|I am sorry but no guesthouses exist that match those criteria. Would you consider a hotel?
Yes, I'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking|Sorry, I have no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area or a different price range, perhaps?
Im looking for a restaurant called sitar tandoori, can you help?|Yes the Sitar Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the East. Would you like me to book it for you?
Just the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223249955.
I also need to find a train going to Ely on Friday.|There are 10 trains traveling to Ely on Friday and are all departing from Cambridge. Is there a particular time you are wanting to leave?
Well, let's see. I need to sleep in a little, so can you see if there's one that departs Cambridge some time after 08:00?|Sure, the train TR8792 leaves at 09:50. Will that work?
Yes, can you make a booking for 4 people please.|I have your four seats reserved. The reference number is dgdl8o65. Can I assist you in any other ways?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.|Have a great day!
I am looking for somewhere to go in the east.|There's a boat dock, museums, or some entertainment venues in the east. Do any of those sound interesting?
My bad, I meant the west.|There are some great colleges in the west.  Or perhaps the Museum of Classical Archeology?
What is the address?|They are located on Sidgwick Avenue and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks so much. What type of attraction are they?|They are museums.
I need a train going to bishops stortford leaving after 16:15. I need eight tickets and the reference number please.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming from Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.|Okay your train reference number is YXCN2XHO. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all for today, thank you.|Have a very nice day and thank you for calling.
Hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? Thank you|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west with wifi, would that be okay?
I would like a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi instead.|In what area will you need the room?
There area does not matter, but I prefer a four star guesthouse.|Autumn House is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the East.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday/|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 7IWUZFNC. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also need a train. I'm planning to travel from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or get there by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00.|There are 3 trains that will arrive by 11:00.  Would you prefer to leave at 05:21, 07:21 or 09:21?
9:21 works perfectly, can I have a reference number for that as well?|Your Reference number is : CZEKL8AL. It will cost 12.8 GBP.
That is all I need good bye.|Fell free to call if you need anything in the cause of the day.
I'm looking for a train going to cambridge.|Ok.  I can help you find a train. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Brookshite.|Brookshite? Can you please repeat that?
Sorry about that, i'm leaving from norwich.|ive boked that for you trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR9900	norwich	cambridge	friday	05:16	06:35	17.60 pounds	79 minutes
Yes please book that and I need the reference number.|You're all set! The reference number is 44LHUSZT.
Thank you for your help|You are more than welcome!
Can you help me find a train departing peterborough arriving by 14:30?|I am getting the information up now, what day this week will you need that?
On Sunday please|Train TR3782 	fits your needs. For how many people ?
7 people, please.|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is 5WS52ANO.
Perfect.  Can you also help me find a hotel while we're there? It should also have free parking.|Wow, there are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you know which area of town you'd prefer to stay, or if a guesthouse is preferred over a hotel, or even how many stars or a price range of a possible location? There are so many to choose from!
I would like to find a hotel on the east side. I need parking but wifi is not necessary.|express by holiday in cambridge is the only hotel in the east it is expensively priced, do you want to go with that or include guestouses in a search?
No, I want to keep it in the type of hotel.  Does this hotel have free wifi?|Yes, they do! Would you like to book a room?
Yes, go ahead and book this. I will need accommodations for 7 people. We need to book for 2 nights, starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is MULV4YIP.
Thank you . That is all I needed. Have a nice day.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train out of cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
I am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by 14:45.|What day would you be traveling.  I'd be  happy to look that up and book it for you.
I would like that to be for Wednesday and I will need tickets for 3 people please.|Okay, the TR6167 leaves at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes please, for 3 people. I also need to know if the restaurant La Minosa is still open.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Reference number is : GKN1SECP. Unfortunately, I don't have the hours of operation for La Mimosa. But their phone number is 01223362525.
Can you book the La Mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday?|Yes that booking was successful and the reference number is F7EI7E4Y.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye|If there is anything else, please contact us. Good bye.
Hi, can you suggest some attractions I could visit in Cambridge?|Absolutely. We have plenty of options. Looking for a place in particular?
Can you look for something in the east?|There are museums, a park, a pool, multiple sports, entertainment venues, and a boat. Do any of these sound fun? Personally, I think the boat is a lot of fun.
Are they all located in the east? If so, I would like more information on the boat!|Camboats is in the east and there is no entrance fee listed. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking to book a train to kings cross on wednesday to cambridge.|what time were you wanting to leave by or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 12:15.|I have train TR2417 that is departing at 11:17 and arrives by 12:08. Would that work for you?
That would be great, could you book it for 7 people?|Absolutely! I've booked 7 tickets for a total of 165.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 9G3E2JDS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, actually.  I just need the phone number and postcode for the attraction you told me about, Camboats.|The phone number to Camboats is 01223902112 and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you very much. That will be all.|You're very welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.|ashley hotel is a great place with free wi fi
Is it expensive?|ashley hotel is a moderately price hotel in the north area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I would prefer one in the expensive range if you have any.|The express by holiday inn is an expensive 2 star hotel in the east. They have free parking and free wifi. Will this work for you?
Yes. I need to book for 7 people starting on Wednesday and staying for 2 nights.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is N90KBZUM
Great! Can you please help me with finding a train as well? I need something leaving london liverpool street after 16:30.|how about TR9886? it arrives at 19:07 on Friday.
Actually, can we try for Wednesday? I'll need tickets for the same group of people.|Train TR2232 leaves Liverpool Street, London at 17:39 and arrives at	19:07. Would this work for you?
Yes that works. Go ahead and book me 7 tickets please|Your booking was successful and your total cost is 116.2 GBP. Your reference number is BWXB511A.
Thanks a lot. That is all I need.|Great thank you so much.
Thanks again, goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving leicester goig to cambridge?|Of course! What day will you be traveling?
I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 19:45.|There are 13 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by?
No, I said I need to arrive by 19:45 already.|18:54 is the latest on tr5154 shall i book it ?
Could you let me know the cost?|Yes, the price is 37.80 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I'm looking for info on a bridge guest house.|It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse in the south. Would you like a room?
No, i don't need a booking yet. I just would like the address please.|The address is 151 Hills Road. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Nothing more, thank you. That's all I need for today.|Ok, thank you for calling and feel free to call again if you should need anything further.
Please help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food. Thank you.|I have several options for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Area does not matter, Ill go with anyone that you recommend, please book me for thursday at 19:15 for 6 people.|Ok, you have a reservation at the Ugly Duckling. The reference number is MHERLSWD. Do you want the address?
No need for the address, thanks so much. I also need a train departing King's Lynn.|OK, what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I am leaving on Thursday and would like to arrive by 14:15.|Where will the destination be?
The train should go to Cambridge on Thursday. I would also need the train ID.|When would you like to leave at?
I have no preference, I just need to arrive by 14:15|I have TR4836 available.  It leaves at 13:11 and arrives at 13:58.  The cost is 9.80 pounds.  Would you like this one?
That sounds like the one I need.  I'll reserve it myself though.  Thanks for your help, I won't need anything else.  Bye.|Do you need any suggestions for attractions or hotels? I can help.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free parking?|Definitely! Do you have a price range and/or area in mind?
I would like the guesthouse to be in the cheap range.|We have a couple of choices for 4 star ones in the center and the east.  Shall i just pick one for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 5 people.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star facility with internet and free parking. Their number is 01223525725. What day would you like to arrive?
Great can you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ANH718Q1. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel and when do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and the train should leave after 09:00.|I have one train leaving at 9:01 that day. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book for 5 people.|I have booked Train TR3279 departing at 9:01. The total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0G1S9EH9.
Thank you for all of your help!|Will you need anything else right now?
That will be all. Thank you for all of your help.|Thanks for booking with us. Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|Thank you very much!
I am looking for the address and phone number for the Backstreet Bistro please.|Sure the Backstreet Bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre and there phone number is 01223306306...
Perfect, can you make me a reservation for 8 people on Saturday please?|Of course! What time would you like a reservation?
14:45 works for us|A reservation for 8 people on Saturday at 14:45 has been made with the reference number 79CMOGUR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I need to book a train on Saturday that goes to Cambridge.|Certainly. There are many trains into Cambridge. Where would you like to depart from, and do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like a train that departs from Stevenage and arrives by 11:15.|There are three trains that fit that criteria. One arrives at 6:43, another at 8:43 and the last at 10:43. Which would you prefer?
Can you give me the price, train ID, and travel time for the one that arrives at 8:43?|TR6016 will cost 10.24 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
Can you confirm that this is the train that will arrive by 11:15?|I do not have a train arriving at 11:5. But I do have one arriving at 08:43.
Is that train the same price as TR6016?|I do apologize for the confusion, sir. Yes, the TR6016 will indeed have you there well before 11:15. With a cost of 10.24 pounds and a travel time of 49 minutes.
Ok.  That will work. Thanks for your help.|Was there anything more I could assist you with today?
No, I believe that is everything today. Thank you.|Great, have a nice day!
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times?|What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.|The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?|The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people.|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?|The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.|Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?|I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|You're all booked. Reference number is IF53LR3M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all.|Thank you.  Good bye.
I'm craving Indian food and money isn't an issue so find me an expensive restaurant that serves it please|sure i have 14 options for you
Oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive indian restaurant in the west.|Tandoori Palace is the best one. It's at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, cb43le. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, I want to book for 3 people at 16:30 on Friday|Great! I've booked the tandoori palace for 3 on friday at 16:30. Would you like your reference number?
Yes thank you. Please give me the reference number for the restaurant.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : XLKZ4515. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on Saturday after 19:45|There are 2 trains that meet your needs. One arrives at 22:10 and one arrives at 24:10. Both are 10.24 pounds. Would you like for me to book one?
No, please just give me the travel time, price, and train ID. Thanks|Which one would you like?
How about all three?|I'm sorry, I would be happy to give you the information. I meant, which of the two trains would you like?
Let's go with the one that arrives at 22:10. I'll need the train ID, price and travel time, please?|Okay. The train ID is TR5842. The travel time is 49 minutes. The price is 10.24 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.|Ok! Have a wonderful day!
I need a train that gets me into Cambridge by 21:30|sure, what day are you traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. I am coming from London Kings Cross.|The TR7223 arrives in Cambridge at 20:08. Will that suit you?
Yes, could you book me tickets for 7 people on that train?|Absolutely! Go ahead and pay 132.16 GBP at the station for the 7 tickets. Would you like your reference number?
Can you recommend a cinema in the east?|There are no cinemas in the east. Can I help find something else?
Actually, yes, I do need that reference number on that train.  And, maybe you could find a museum instead of a cinema?|reference number is K13L3ILC.
What about a museum? Are there any of those in the east? If so, please give me some additional information including the entrance fee.|There are 4, I would recommend Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef, number 01223902168. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you.  You have covered everything.|thank you for using our system. have a good day.
I need to catch a train that departs from Leicester after 18:30.|We have 35 trains taking that route, what day of the week will you need that?
I would like to leave on tuesday.|TR8632 leaves at 19:09. Want to book it?
Yes, please. I'll need a booking for 6 and the reference number.|Just to be certain, book 6 train tickets to cambridge from Leicester on tuesday at 19:09, correct?
Yes, that is correct|Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is M3UVOLVXD. The total fee of 226.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay that's a guesthouse.|What price range would you like?
cheap, but i still need free wifi.|There are 9 that meet those requirements, was there an area you wanted to stay in?
What's the best one of those options? I need it for 4 nights.|I would suggest the alexander bed and breakfast, it has a 4 star rating, free parking and internet and it is in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. For 5 nights for the same group of people.|What day would you like that on?
Tuesday please. Thanks|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is W7DGP5W4. Can I help with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our service today.
Can you tell me about any expensive places to dine in the east side?|There are several.  Is there a certain type of food you would like to have?
I would like to go to a Tuscan restaurant, please.|Unfortunately, there are not any Tuscan restaurants in town at all.  Is there another type of cuisine you would enjoy? Perhaps maybe Italian?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the east that serve gastropub food?|Royal standard is available, would you like to try them?
Yes, could you book a table for 4 people at 14:45 on sunday?|I was able to do that. Your reference number is 1CYX3L33.
Great! Let me ask my wife if there was anything else she was curious about.|OK, I'll be here!
I'm sorry, I lied about having a wife. I just need to know if there are any trains to stevenage available on monday.|Where are you leaving from?
The train should arrive by 15:30 and should depart from cambridge. Sorry still no wife.|What about your wife? Does she need a ticket?
No. I just need the train ID and departure time, please.|The TR1898 meets your criteria. The departure time is 13:21. The duration of the trip is 49 minutes.
I need that information emailed or faxed to me, please.|Unfortunately, we do not have that capability. If we do a booking for you, we can provide you with a reference number though.
I think that is all the info I will need.|I do not have a fax machine.
It's fine. I'm over needing a fax machine. I think I've got everything I need.|Great.  I hope you and your wife have a great trip.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant that had a moderate price range.|The riverside brasserie matches what you're looking for. Will this work?
Yes, please. Reserve a spot for 1 at 16:00 on thursday.|I was able to book you, The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, your reference number is : GPMQ5NCV.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at stevenage.|There are 70 trains to choose from!  Let's start narrowing that down.  What day would you like to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on friday and arrive by 12:30|There is no train matching that descrioption
If nothing before 12:30 is there, what time are available?|I apologize. There is TR3043 that will depart at 11:21 and arrive at 12:10. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need to book for 1 please|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 23NZ1NPG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye|I've booked one ticket for you, the reference number is 6WUNBIGW.
Goodbye and thank you again.|You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
I would like a ticket to a train that arrives in Cambridge before 8:45am.|There are 231 trains that arrive in Cambridge before 8:45, can you tell me where you want to depart from to narrow it down?
I'd like to depart from London kings cross|I can book you on train number TR4543. It departs at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 8:08.
I need the train to leave on Sunday.|Okay, I got one leaving at 5:17 and another at 7:17, do you have a preference?
7:17 please.  I would like to book for 8 people and i need the reference number.  I would also like to book at Bangkok City restaurant.|I've booked the train. Your reference number is YRIP8V3C. For what day and time would you like the restaurant reservation?
I want to book the reservation the same day as my train at 13:30 for 8 people.|Unfortunately we cannot book at that time, could you choose another day or time please?
How about the same day at 12:30?  If that works, please send the reference number.|It works. The reference number is YRIP8V3C. Anything else I can do for you?
i would also like to book a reservation at bangkok city.|You would like an additional reservation at Bangkok city restaurant?
No, my mistake. Thank you.|okay is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that was everything, thank you!|Okay! Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for your help.|Good day then.
need a hotel with free wifi please|Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a place with a 4 star rating.|There are 21 4 star hotels with free wifi, would you like me to narrow that down with any other details?
Could you just pick one and book it for 6 people for 2 nights from Friday?|Did you want it to be in a specific area of town?
the area doesn't matter, could you recommend a place?|Huntington Marriott Hotel, 2 nights for 6 people beginning Friday. Your reference number is WQ7SC2AD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll need a train to Cambridge that same day, please. I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford after 12:45.|The TR4076 leaves at 13:29, and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book it?
Can you just give me the price on it please?|The price for this train ticket is 10.10 pounds. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks!|Alright. Have a great day.
Hello, I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving by 20:30.|The TR7213 gets you there at 06:08.  Need a ticket?
Maybe.  I need to leave Cambridge on Friday.  Will that train work?|I recommend TR1110. It will arrive in Cambridge at 20:08 on Friday. I can book passage for you if you let me know how many tickets you need.
What is the cost per ticket?|The price for that ticket is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No. Are there any swimming pools on the east side of town?|Yes there is the abbey pool and astroturf pitch would you like their address?
Yes.  May I have the address and postcode for the Abbey Pool please?|Yes, of course. They are located at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off NewMarket Road. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else I can do for today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help.|I am happy to help you with the booking, enjoy.
Thanks!  I appreciate your help. Bye.|It's my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a cheap hotel?|We have many, do you want a specific side of town?
I would like it to be in the north with a 4 star rating and free parking please.|The Worth House meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
Yes, please and can you send me a reference number. Thank you.|Your room is now booked at The Worth House and I will send you the reference number. Thank you. Good bye.
Could you give me some places to go in Cambridge?|We have some great museums in Cambridge as well as great restaurants, nightclub's, multiple sports and cinema's. Do you have anything particular in mind?
I am looking for an attraction in the centre.|Are you more interested by architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges,  concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, or theatres?
I'm not really sure, you can surprise me with something you think would be fun. I just would need the postcode please.|How about all saints church? The postcode is cb58bs.
That'll work just fine. I'm also looking to book a train.|There are over 2,800 trains - I will need some more information to narrow down your search.  Let's start with your destination please.
Of course, I would like to travel to Cambridge on Sunday.|Departure location? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Leaving from Ely, sometime after 08:30 please.|There are 8 trains available. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have one in mind, no.|There is a train leaving from Ely at 09:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:52. How does that sound?
That would be great. Can you get me 8 tickets on that train, and give me the reference number?|I have booked your order, your total is 28.16
May I have the reference number please?|My fault! It's T3AWW926. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that seems to be everything today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a train to Peterborough that will be there no later than 17:15.|I have several choices, do you have a time for your departure?
I am looking for a train arriving in Peterborough.|And where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|I have train TR1086 that leaves at 16:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 16:56. Would this work for you?
Yes, that will be fine can you get me a ticket?|How many tickets will you need?
I need 7 tickets.|I've booked you 7 tickets on the TR1086. Your reference is IJ6ZQ2GF and the total fee of 92.4 GBP is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|sure, in what area of town?
I need a train that leaves cambridge on monday after 09:15|Where will you be going?
I will be going to ely.|TR8399 leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives by 10:07, does this suit your needs?
Yes, that will be sufficient.|Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
On second thought, a booking will not be necessary now.  The train ID you supplied is sufficient. I am looking for places to go while I'm in town.|No problem.  What type of attraction are you interested in?  There is lots to do here.
It doesn't matter what type, you pick!|all saints church is located in the town centre. its very popular this time of year. wou.d this work for you?
Yes that sounds like a great place to visit.|Anything else you need?
I need the post code and attraction type of all saints church please.|The attraction type for All Saint's is architecture and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need today.  Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Good eve! I'm looking for a nice place to have a spot of afternoon tea.|I'm sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Is there any other food type you would like me to look for?
No, I would like afternoon tea in the west.|sorry we got none.
Could you try Italian then?|There is one Italian restaurant in that area.
What is the name?|There are actually two it looks like:  Prezzo and La Margherita.
Can I get the information for Prezzo?|What information can I get for you?
I need to get the phone number, address, and postcode.|Prezzo is located at  21 - 24 Northampton Road. The post code is  cb30ad. You can reach them at 01799521260.
Thank you. I am also going to need train information.|Of course, what train information may I get for you today?
I need a train to leave after 9:30 from Kings Lynn departing for Cambridge on Thursday.|What day will you be traveling, please?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|I have a train that departs at 10:11. Would you like to book it?
No not at this time. I would just like the train ID for that train.|The train id is TR1704.
Have a nice day.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all, Thank you so much.|Okay thanks for calling.
Okay thank you for calling.|welcome and have a great day
I need a train that leaves after 13:30 saturday afternoon please.|Can you please tell me what your destination is for that trip?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage, please.|There are 5 trains meeting that criteria. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I would like to book the ticket now, could I please have the train ID?|The train ID is TR8813, how many tickets would you like to book?
I can take care of that myself. Can you also help me find a place to dine in the south, priced cheaply please.|How about Portuguese cuisine at Nandos? Would you like any more information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
That's perfect. I'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at 10:00 on the same day. Could I get the reference number as well, please?|OK, you have a table for 1 at 10:00 on Saturday at Nandos. Your reference number is 3JRN2T9Y. Can I help with anything else today?
I am all set. Thanks!|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Please, if you have any more questions, do not hesitate to ask.
Find me an expensive moroccan restaurant please.|i haven't found any, maybe a less expensive one?
Did you check the east area?|i haven't found any in the east too
How about expensive indian food in the east area?|Yes, there's pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori.
Can you give me the postal code and phone number for Pipasha restaurant?|Sure! The phone number is 01223577786 and the postcode is cb58pa. Can be of any further help?
Great can I also get a train on monday heading to broxbourne|Yes and where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive or leave?
Actually, I'm departing from broxbourne and heading into cambridge. I'd love to arrive by 12:30 on Monday|TR0559 leaves Monday at 09:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 10:32 on Monday. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes!  Book for 8 people, please.|I've booked you 8 tickets for train TR0559 departing Broxbourne at 9:32 on Monday. THe cost is 143.19 GBP. YOur reference number is B87U1BOH. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you very much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
Are there any trains going to cambridge from kings cross?|There are several. What is your departure day and time?
My departure day is Monday at 15:45.|The closest train I have leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get the travel time and departure time first?|Train TR9114 leaves at 15:17 and is a trip duration of 51 minutes. Do you want me to book it?
Oh, no, I see that train will not work for me. I need to arrive by 15:45, not depart by it. I'm sorry. Could you find me another?|I have train TR3194 that departs at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Would that train be better for you?
Yes, that would work better. Can you tell me how long the travel time is?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north. I'd like free wifi as well.|Of course! I have a dozen hotels that meet your needs. What type of place are you looking for? A certain price range or star rating, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a 4 star hotel that includes free parking and wifi.|The acorn guest house meets this criteria. Should we book something?
Could I get the phone number and address please?|The phone is 01223353888 and the address is 154 chesterton road.
Okay great. That is all I need now.|Thank you and have a great trip!
I need help picking the correct train that will arrive at the time I need.|What are your departure and destination sites?
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|what time do you want to arrive?
I would like to arrive by monday at 16:30.|The closest you could arrive on Monday is the 14:09 train that will get you there by 16:30.  Does that sound good?
That sounds great. My math isn't the best so please tell me what the total travel time is.|The travel time is 105 minutes. Shall I book it?
No thanks I will book it. Can you help me find an expensive restaurant as well?|Sure thing I would suggest this place graffiti.
Is it in the North area?|No.  It is in the west.  Need a place in north?
Yes, please.  I'd like something with some creative food.|Actually, I can't find any restaurants serving creative food. Can we try a different cuisine?
How about european food please?|I have one option for you that is called The City Stop Restaurant and it is expensive. Does this interest you?
Can you book a table for 2?|On what day would you like to dine?
I need a table at 20:15 on Monday.|How many people will be dining?
Make the reservation for 2 people please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is  V8CR4ENN.
That is all.  Have a nice day.|Great, you have one too!
I am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after 17:30|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I am leaving Leicester and going to Cambridge.|TR9320 will leave at 18:09 and arrive at 19:54. Can I book that for you?
Please do, I will need this for 6 people. Can I also have the reference number as well?|Booking was successful and your reference number is 0RKJ93UG. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star place in the expensive price range.|There are two gonville hotel at the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south, which one do you prefer?
I prefer the gonville.|Would you like me to book you at the gonville?
Yes please. Remember there are 6 people. It should be at least 3 stars and expensive.|How long would you like to stay?
Just 1 night would be perfect.  Thank you.|Before booking the hotel I need to know how many days will you stay?
Perhaps I can book it. I will just need the postcode|The postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you for the help?|You are very welcome. Have a great stay.
Hi. I need help finding a hotel. Can you help me?|Yes, I can!  First, do you have a particular area of town you are interested in?
No and it doesn't need internet or free parking. I would prefer a moderate price though.|In that price range, I have 3 different options for you. All are hotels. I have two in the north and one in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
Does one of those options come with free wifi?|The ashley hotel and the lovell lodge provides free wifi.
Lets try booking the Ashley Hotel. I need it for 2 people starting Monday for 3 nights please.|I was able to book your party of two into the Ashley Hotel for 3 nights starting on Monday. Your reference is X21XYR7K. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to book a train.  I need to depart from stevenage and go to cambridge.|What day and time will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday, anytime. The train will need to be booked for 2 people also.|I have train TR9175 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43. Would youlike to make reservations?
Yes please book it.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is V93OC1AL.
Great, how much is that ticket please?|That will be 12.80 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train arriving in Cambridge by 21:15.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you would like to travel?
Sure, I'll be leaving from Norwich.  Oh, and I'd like to travel on Friday please.|I would recommend TR9589 which leaves Norwich at 19:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:35.
Okay great. Can you help me make a booking for 6 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2CUTCPH6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a play to stay in the east in the moderate price range|I will look that up for you,do you want a hotel ?
Yes, with a star of 4 please.|I do not have any 4 star hotels in the east.  Would you like to try another area or maybe go with a price range in the East?
Oh my. Are there any moderate-price guesthouses in the east with 4 stars?|Yes, I found three. I would recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast it is moderately priced and located in the East. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book 6 people for 2 nights beginning friday|You are booked as requested, the reference number is 5ROZN3ZO, any further questions?
Great!! That's all for now. Thank you so much.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Are there any crossover restaurants in the west?|There are no crossover restaurants in the west is there another area you'd like me to look in?
How about looking for crossover restaurants that are expensive. Doesn't matter the area.|No I am truly sorry. Something else perhaps?
How about one that serves European food?|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is a European place in the west that is expensive.  Would you like to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, postcode, and address please?|Absolutely. They are located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road, City Centre. Their phone number is 01223355166. Their postcode is cb30dq. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like a train to bishops stortford please.|I can help you with that.  Just to confirm, are you departing from Cambridge or another city?
Yes, departing from Cambridge on Monday. I'd like to get to Bishops Stortford by 18:00, if possible.|Train TR4283 arrives at Bishops Stortford by 6:07 and costs 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
Yes please. Book that.|Sorry, that would be 16:07 for arrival time. Can you confirm how many are traveling?
I am traveling by myself. I need the train ID also after you book.|I take that back, the TR4283 definitely arrives at 06:07, and departs at 05:29. The booking was successful. The total will be 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number:2P9BM67Z.
Great. Thank you!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I need a Friday train, to arrive by 19:30.|there are many trains! where are you coming from?
I am heading to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
No, I just know that I need to arrive by 19:30.|TR2436 will arrive in Broxbourne at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
yes please for four people|I have you booked on train TR2436 for 4 people, your reference number is UGROZAQ1.  71.59 is payable at the station, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at earlier the same day.|Did you have a particular type of cuisine you were looking for?
I am flexible on the cuisine. But I would like something in the centre of town that is expensive.|I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant.  It is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British cuisine.  Would you like to make a reservation?
book for the same group of people at 12:45 on the same day|I will book it for you and get a reference number
I'm looking for a halal restaurant with moderate prices.|Sorry, I could not find any restaurants matching that description.
What about a different moderately priced restaurant in the east?|I have 3 that fit your request.  Curry prince, rajmahal, and pizza hut fen ditton.  Are you interested in any of these?
Yes I would like Curry Prince.|May I book that then for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a table on Sunday for 5 people at 12:45?|I am sorry but there are no tables available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Go ahead and try to book it for 11:45 please.|I was able to book Curry Prince at 11:45.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 11:45.  Reference number: MOVT28V6.
I am also looking for a train leaving peterborough on the same day, can you help with that?|Yes, I can. What is your destination?
I want to go to cambridge.|Sure. There are many trains that day. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by 08:45.|Train TR7483 leaves Cambridge at 17:48 and arrives at 18:38, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to arrive by 08:45.|There is a train TR5662 that arrives at 8:09 would you like me to book it for you?
I need to get to Cambridge, can you confirm that this train is leaving from peterborough?|Yes train TR5662 leaves from Peterborough at 07:19 on Sunday and arrives at Cambridge by 08:09
Okay lets book that train!|I can go ahead and get this booked for you, how many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need tickets for everyone at the dinner reservation. Can I also please have a reference number?|I was able to book 5 tickets for you. Your reference number is D0ONJ5MT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that's all thank you|Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Sure, I can help you with all kinds of information. What do you need to know?
Are there any good parks to visit in the west?|Sorry, no parks in the west.
hmm, what about a college?|Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west! Some are free and some have a small fee. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, just pick one, please? I'll need the entrance fee and phone number.|churchill college would suit your needs. The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance fee is free.
I also need a train to Cambridge.|Is there a date and time that you would prefer?
Yes, on Monday and I need to leave after 16:15.|Ok wonderful, what will be your departure location?
I'll be leaving from Kings Lynn.|Okay the TR0415 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58.
Please book me 1 ticket for the TR0415.|Your train has been booked and your reference number is UXYKEGNB. May I help you with anything else?
That's it! Thank you for your help!|Sure, any time!
I need some information on a train going to stevenage.|We have many trains leaving to Stevenage at all times. Can I get your point of departure and day of travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Sunday.|TR6488 departs Cambridge on Sunday at 9:21 and arrives in Stevenage by 10:10. Would this work for you?
That's too early. I need an afternoon train. What do you have later on?|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I have to leave Cambridge after 13:00.|How about TR0523 departing at 13:21 and arriving in stevenage at 14:10?
That is fine. Can I get the price for a ticket please?|Sure, that ticket costs 10.24 pounds. Do you want me to book it?
Not just yet. I am just getting some information for now.|OK. Is there anything else you'd like to know, about the train or about anything else?
I would like to find a restaurant in the moderate price range.|I have 31 moderate priced restaurants. Is there a certain cuisine or area of town you would be interested in?
I'm interested in an Italian restaurant. What would you recommend in the moderate price range?|Pizza hut cherry hinton looks pretty good. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, for 8 people at 10:15 on Sunday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : L0NMNTY2.
Thank you, that's all I need today!|Can I look anything else up for you today?
No thank you have a nice day.|Thank you for your help.
Hello, I'm looking for the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool, could you help me with more information?|Sure! That pool is located between victoria road and the river in postcode cb43px. That's on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223302579.
That's great. Is there an entrance fee?|Unfortunately we are unaware of whether there is an entrance fee for this particular location. May I help with anything more?
I am also looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Ely.|There are 70 trains that go to Ely from Cambridge. Do you have a particular day and time you would prefer?
Yes I need to travel on Friday, but I can't leave until after 13:30.|i have 6 trains that meet your criteria. what actual time did you have in mind for departure?
Whatever the first train is that leaves after 13:30.|We can book you for the train leaving at 13:50.
That will work great. Can you book me 6 tickets please?|Okay, I have booked 6 tickets for Train TR5484 leaving at 13:50. The total fee is 26.4 GBP, and your reference number is 66ULRJSS. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all I need. Have a good day. Bye.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need to book a train Friday to London.|First I need your departure and the times you want to leave or arrive.
I believe I was in error. I need a hotel in the centre with 4 stars.|There is the university arms hotel in the expensive price range that has 4 stars would you like me to book that for me?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does
Excellent, can you book it for 8 people for 4 nights on Thursday?|I have booked it for you. Your reference number is 653HK2T2.
Great. Now can you help me get a train from Peterborough?|What time would you like to leave?
I'm flexible on the departure time as long as I get to Cambridge by 12:30 Thursday.|TR7094 leaves at 07:19 and arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, I will discuss it with my daughter.  How long does the trip take?|The trip is 50 minutes.
I think that is all the info I will need.|Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your visit and have a great day.
We want to explore a park in Cambridge.|We have 5 parks. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I would like it to be in the south part of town. Please provide their phone number, postcode, and entrance fee. Thanks.|You can visit Wandlebury country park. The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the post code is cb223ae.
What is the phone number and how much does it cost to get in ?|There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to london kings cross.|How about train TR5767 that leaves at 05:00 on Friday?
No, that doesn't work for me. I need a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday|Train TR9781 leaves at 11:00 on Wednesday would you like me to book that train for you?
Yep I only need one ticket and the reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Q7Q9W4IN. is there anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed.|Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
That was all thanks for your help today.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.|I can definitely help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
I would like to leave on Sunday sometime after 15:15.|TR4651 departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, two tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is: SDRN9BTG.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free wifi, but I don't care about parking.|How about a and b guest house?
I am looking for something in the 2 star range. Is that 2 stars?|The A and B actually has 4 stars. There are 3 accommodations with 2 stars, though. They are all hotels, rather than guesthouses. Would one of those be to your liking?
Yes, please.  A hotel with 2 stars with free wifi is fine.|There are three choices. Would you like a list or to make a reservation at the top choice?
Which one is the best that offers free wifi and free parking and can I get their address please?|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the expensive range and offers free wifi and free parking, would you like me to make a reservation for this hotel?
No reservation at this time but I would like the address please.|The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I help you find anything else today?
That should be all for today.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Stevenage.|There are several.  When do you plan on leaving?
I would like to leave sometime after 11:00 on tuesday.|There are 7 trains with that criteria.  All of them are leaving from Cambridge, leaving after 11.  Is there a certain time you would like to arrive by?
I would like the train that leaves as close to 11:15 as possible please.|I have one that leaves at 11:21. How many tickets please?
I want to make a booking for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is 5DHIPIME.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like to find out information about the scott polar museum.|The Scott Polar Museum is located on Lensfield Road at the city centre, their phone number is 01223336540. It is free to see. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of museum is the Scott Polar Museum?  Should I call the museum for more information on the attraction type?|Yes, you should call the Scott Polar Museum for more information.
Ok, thank you for your help.|It's my pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system.
I need a place to eat in the moderate price.|We have lots of options in that price range. Is there a particular type of food you're interested in?
I would love to find a place that serves Irish food!|I don't have any Irish places listed.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How about international food?|Yes, I would recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant.  Would you like some information on it?
Please book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Wednesday and provide the reference number. I also need a train leaving Thursday and arrive by 13:15.|The restaurant booking number is 47559FUX, as far as the train, where is your destination?
i want to go from cambridge to london kings cross.|TR3433 will get you to London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like me to book passage, or would you like additional information?
please make a booking for the same group of people.|What day shall I book your train ticket?
Thursday and for 7 people, I will also need to reference number.|The reference number for your train reservation is TR3433.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today! Thanks for your help!|Not a problem. Thank you for choosing us for your needs!
Yes I need a train on Thursday to go to Cambridge.|Where would you like to leave from?
Sorry, I am leaving peterborough.|What is the day of travel?
Thursday, and it should arrive by 13:30.|We have many trains that match your request, is there a specific time you want to leave by?
I don't want to get there too early. What is the train  that will get me there nearest to 13:30.|TR3798 gets there at 13:09.
That's perfect I think. Please reserve 7 tickets for my group, and let me know the reference number when you have one.|Okay great! Your reference number is EOQ7QISL, is there anything else you need?
I will be in the north part of town. I'm looking for a place to go. I might even want to go swimming. Any suggestions?|I have 2 pools in the north.  I think you may like Jesus Green outdoor pool.  Would you like their information?
Yes. Can I have the postcodes, phone numbers, and addresses?|The Jesus Green outdoor pool's phone number is 01223302579, postcode is cb43px and the address is between victoria road and the river. May I provide any further assistance?
No, you have helped tremendously.  Thank you.|Thank you! Have a good day. Good bye.
I need to find a place to hang out at a college in Cambridge.|Any specific area in mind?
In the centre would be great!|There are several colleges in the centre where you can hang out.  Most of them have free entrance fees.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you pick one and get me the postcode, address on phone number?|I recommend downing college located on regent street. The postcode is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge and should leave after 12:30.|May I ask you for more information regarding the train?
I'll be going to London Liverpool street on Sunday.|TR2141 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 13:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:57. Are you interested in me booking this for you?
Yes, that sounds ideal. Will you please book for 8 passengers, please.|Your train has been booked. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZAPBD0P6. Can I assist you any further?
No thank you, you have been helpful.|I'm happy to hear that. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day.
I need a train to Broxbourne, that arrives by 20:30.|Certainly. Can I assume you're leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, that is correct.|There is a train leaving at 5:01, would you like a seat?
Is that leaving on Sunday?|I have the TR8991 leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet but I also need a restaurant that serve mediterranean food and should be in the centre of town.|I have a few restaurants that fit your criteria. The Gardenia, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Which one are you interested in hearing about?
Tell me about The Gardenia.|It's a cheap restaurant located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Phone number and postcode are 01223356354 and cb23ll. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it for now. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train leaving broxbourne.|I can help with that! Your destination will be cambridge I presume, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Saturday.|There are hourly trains from 5:32 onward. Did you have a particular time of day in mind?
Yes I want to travel on a Saturday.|Where is your destination located?
I should have confirmed that I am indeed going to Cambridge.|Thank you for confirming that.  One more detail: Did you have a particular time period in mind for your trip?
Yes.  I want to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|TR7846 will get you into Cambridge by 10:32.  Would you like me to book a seat on that for you?
No I don't need to book a seat, but can you tell me the departure time.|Of course. The departure time for that train is 09:32 with an arrival time of 10:32. It's a 60 minute ride. Anything else I can help with?
I need a place to go in town.|Did you have a specific place or area in mind?
The centre, please.|There are numerous places in the Centre, can you tell me what type if place or activity you would like to do and maybe we can narrow it down?
How about a zoo or art gallery?|I'm afraid we don't have a zoo, although if you like plants there is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. There are several galleries, such as Regency Gallery and Ruskin Gallery.
Are there entrance fees to these places?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are 4 pounds, and the Regency and Ruskin Galleries are free.
Please, I need the address and phone number for the Regency and Ruskin Galleries. Thanks.|The address for the regency gallery is 39 fitzroy street and the phone number is 01223365454. For ruskin gallery it's anglia ruskin university, east road, their number is 01245493131.
One more thing. Would you confirm the attraction type for the regency gallery and ruskin gallery?|The Ruskin Gallery is a museum. Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves portugese food.|I have 2, one in the south and one in the centre of town. Both are cheap and serve portuguese food.
Could you book a reservation for me? I would like a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Wednesday. May I also have the reference number?|I have reserved your table. Your reference number is TRQQXOBM.
Thanks for that, I am also looking for a train that should arrive by 14:15 and should leave on Thursday.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am traveling from Cambridge to Peterborough.|We have many trains that fit your needs. The latest one you could take would be the TR9792 which would have you arriving at 13:56.
OK, thanks. When does that train depart?|The train departs Cambridge at 13:06.
Thank you. Can you please book that train for me?|Yes, of course. How many tickets would you like booked?
I need 6 tickets.|Booking was successful for TR9792, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : BKXNWE2O.  Do you need any further assistance?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Okay great. enjoy your travel and thank you for calling.
Thank you.|Thank you for using this system.
Yes,  please help me book a train on Saturday.|We have a large amount of trains that day, is there a specific location?
I want to go from london liverpool street to cambridge.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 08:45 please|The first train to London Liverpool street is at 09:39 and arrives at 11:07 in Cambridge. Does this time work for you? or would you like later?
Oh sorry, I wanted a train on Friday, not Saturday. Anything after 08:45 from london liverpool street. to cambridge.|I'm sorry. There is no train leaving from london live to cambridge on friday by 8:45. Would you like to try a different day or time?
what are the available options|I apologize for the earlier confusion, we do have trains leaving every two hours starting at 09:39 until 01:07am. Which time works for you?
Tell me the arrival time of the 09:39 train please|Sure. The 9:30 train leaves London Liverpool Street on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 11:07. Would you like me to book that?
yes, i will book that|Of course, how many tickets will you need?
I just need one ticket please.|I have you booked on the TR0637 train. The total cost is 16.60 GBP, and the reference number is KQMHCZNL. IS there anything else that I can help you with?
No that is everything that I need.  Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.|Well we have quite a few guesthouses. Anything in particular your interested in? Cheap, moderate or expensive?
I would like it to include free parking as well, with a star of 0.|I have two 0 star guesthouses with free parking. One is in the north and the other is in the centre. Should I book one of them for you?
Actually, I need it to have free parking and free wifi.  Do you have any hotels with these amenities?|There are two guesthouses in the cheap price range that offer free parking and free wi-fi. One is in the north and one in the centre of town.
I don't care about the location. Either one will work.  Just book it for 1 for 5 nights starting on Sunday.|Your booking is confirmed at El Shaddai. Your reference number is J7BTDTOL. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please, I am also looking for a train to depart on Friday from Cambridge at 10:15 to Bishops Sortford.|The earliest train after 10:15 leaves at 11:29.  Will that work for you?
Yes, but can I have the price first?|It's 10.10 pounds, would you like a booking?
Please book 1 seat for friday on the 11:29 train going to bishops sortford.  Thanks!|You are booked on TR8078. Your reference number is Y3T1L5E6. The price is 10.10 pounds. May I help you with anything else?
No. Thank you. That's all for today.|Awesome, you have a wonderful day!
I need some recommendations for attractions in Cambridge at the centre, what would you suggest?|Is there a specific type of attraction you are most interested in?  The centre has many different kinds of attractions from museums to theaters.  Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference. May I please have some suggestions?|If you're in the mood for boating there is The Cambridge Punter at 251a Chesterton Road, or maybe a movie? The Vue Cinema is at Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you also provide me with the postcodes for these establishments?|Yes All Saints Church is at jesus lane and is free
What can you dig up about the pizza express Fen Ditton?|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
That's good, thanks. Could you book me a table for 3 on Wednesday at 15:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XIPJJBZO.
Thank you for your help.|is there anything else i can help you with ?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross on that same day.|There are actually 5 trains available that day. They are every other hour beginning at 5:17 and ending at 23:17. Would you like book one of these trips?
book one that arrives by 10:15 and goes to cambridge|TR3810 is your best bet. How many tickets will you be needing?
I will need 3 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : I4WFZDED.  What else can I help you with today?
Great, what is the departure time for this train?|The departure time is 9:17.
Thanks - that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I am hoping you can help me find a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|There are over 200 trains available, do you have a specific destination in mind or a time you'd like to leave by?
I would like to leave on saturday around 13:15 going to london liverpool street.|There are 6 trains that meet your requirements, the closest in time being the TR4466. It leaves at 13:59. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book spots on that for 5 people and give me the reference number please?|Sure thing! You are booked with reference number 8V36RBY3. The total is 66.39 payable at the station.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves european food.|I have many. What price range would you prefer?
I don't have one, could you recommend me a good place?|I would recommend Galleria, they have excellent food. Would you like me to book a table?
Maybe. What is the price range?|The galleria is a moderate priced restaurant. Would you like me to make a booking for you today?
No, I'm sure they'll have tables if I just walk in. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Their address is 33 Bridge Street and their postcode is cb21uw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I need to go. Have a good day. Bye.|It was a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!
Please help me find a train which will arrive in Cambridge on Monday.|Where would you be departing from and what time would you like to travel?
I am travelling from Kings Lynn after 11:30|I recommend TR5091 for the quickest travel after 1130. Can I book this trip for you?
I want to book for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : VC9DZEG8.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, actually. Can you tell me about City Stop Restaurant?|Well, they serve european food and are located in the north. The price range is on the expensive side. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
What area is it located in please?|City Stop Restaurant is in the North area?
Ok, thank you!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you at city stop restaurant? Just tell me how many are in your party, and what day and time.
No thanks I just needed to know the area, thank you for your help.|Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that is all I need help with. Thank you very much!|Thank You. Goodbye
I am looking for a train arriving by 9:45 on Tuesday.|May I get your departure and destination information please?
I am going from Cambridge to Leicester.|TR2863 departs from Cambridge at 07:21 and arrive in Leicester by 09:06. Would you like to book this train?
Maybe... how much does it cost?|It costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm sorry, we have that mixed up. I need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. Do you have a train that arrives by 09:45 in cambridge?|TR6954 departs from Leicester at 07:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:54. Would you like to book this train?
Can you verify the cost for train TR6954 for me?|The cost for this particular train is 37.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like assistance booking tickets for this train?
Yes I would like help with booking the train and I will also need to book a hotel.|Your booking reference is NT43PSC0.  Now, if you let me know what type of hotel you are interested in, I can help you with that as well.
Can you help me find a 5-star room somewhere that offers free parking and wifi?|There don't seem to be any 5-star lodgings in the city. Would you like to try searching for 4 stars instead?
Yes, 4 stars would be fine.|The acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel located in the north side. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please.  There are 5 of us total and we need 4 nights in a row.  Thank you.|What day would like to start your stay?
I'd like to start my stay on Tuesday, please.|Ok great!  I was able to get you booked, your reference number is N4TJE8VR.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Nope, that'll take care of everything, thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great stay!
Looking for a place to go to in the centre area, a type of college.|Excellent! There are 13 places that might work. How about Downing College on Regent Street? It has free entrance.
Sounds great! Can I have their postalcode and phone number please?|No problem. Their postal code is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like to find a train that goes to broxbourne.|I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and will need to arrive by 10:30|I recommend TR2519 leaving at 09:01 and arriving at 10:01.  Would you like me to book that train for you?
Is that the schedule for Friday? That's when I need to travel. If so, please book 8 tickets for me?|You are booked on train TR2519 for 8 on Friday.  The total fee  is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is LDDIXALA.
Thank you so much! Goodbye now!|You're very welcome!  Enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi there. Can you help me find a museum in the west part of town?|Yes there are many. Do you have a preference for type?
As long as it's a museum in the west, I'm happy.  Can you pick one and give me the postcode?|cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west. Its postcode is cb30af.
Thank you. I am also hoping to book a train to Cambridge from Ely.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave for Ely sometime after 8:30 on Saturday.|I have the TR3177 train leaving at 09:50 on Sunday, would that work?
I actually need to leave on Saturday. Is there something leaving at a similar time?|How about TR0718? It leaves at 09:50.
That would be perfect, can you book that for one and give me the reference number please?|Okay I've done that for you. Your reference number INEQVBMN.
That is all I need today. Thank you for all of your help.|You're quite welcome, have a lovely day! Enjoy Cambridge!
Thank you, have a good day!|its been our pleasure to serve you.
I am looking for a nightclub in the town centre.|There are five nightclubs I can show you. How about the Ballare at lion yard?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for Ballare? I also need the address.|address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard.  entrance fee is 5 pounds
Thanks for the info. Can you also tell me if there are any trains on Saturday that leave after 11:15?|Yes, there are trains that leave after 11:15.
Thanks, Are there trains that depart from Cambridge?|Certainly, there are 134, do you have an arrival time in mind?
No, but I need to leave after 11:15.|To help narrow it down, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I am going to stansted airport and need to leave on Saturday.|TR3373 meets your criteria and arrives by 12:08. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need to book for 8 people and get the reference number please.|Great the reference number is 7LIC35YA.
Thank you! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help!|You are quite welcome! Have a safe flight!
I am looking to book a train. I need to leave Cambridge and go to London Liverpool Street.|No problem, I have many options for you. Do you have a particular day of the week you would like to travel, or time?
yes. i  should leave after 13:45 and should leave on thursday|I have a train leaving Thursday at 13:59, would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me when the train arrives in London Liverpool Street?|That train arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes pliz.may i also get the arrival time|The arrival time is by 15:27, do you want to book a seat?
Not yet. I just needed to get the details. Thanks for helping me. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I am here to help, should I run a search or do you already have a place in mind?
Yes, I would like somewhere that serves mediterranean cuisine and is located in the centre.|Okay, there are a few options. What is your price range?
I don't have a particular price range in mind but would prefer something in the mid to low range|The gardenia is cheap, can I book you or provide some info?
What is the phone number and postcode for The Gardenia? I also need help finding a train leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.|01223356354. Is there anything else?
I just need the reference number, please.|If you would like me to make you a reservation I will need to know what time you would like to dine and for how many people.
What is the post code and price range for that place to eat?|cb23ll, it is in the cheap range.
Thanks, and I'll need 2 tickets on a train. I'll be heading from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, and I need to arrive by 09:00.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : T2N33CQB.
Would you like to make a reservation for the restaurant?|Haha, that is funny. I am the clerk so why would I need a reservation. But, is there anything else I can help you with? A restaurant possibly?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
I need to take a train to here from Broxbourne, this will be on saturday.|I have 19 trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Saturday. What time are you wanting to arrive by?
The train should leave after 08:00|how about train 1997? It leaves at 09:01.
Oh, I am so sorry. I will be leaving Broxbourne, not Cambridge.|No problem!  What time would you like to leeave by?
I want to leave after 8:00, please.|TR9384 leaves Broxbourne at 8:32.
That would be great. Can you book me for 8 tickets?|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 114.56 GBP payable at the station .   The Reference number is EFGWY22I.  Can I assist with anything else.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.|Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
Yes, hopefully Korean.  I love it.|I can recommend little Seoul.
Sounds great can I get the address?|The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.|I see several options for trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford. What day and time would you like to depart?
Wednesday, with an arrival time by 13:30 in Bishops Stortford.|The closest arrival time I can get for you is 12:07 on train TR8224. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, 7 tickets, please. And I'll need the reference number.|Great, I've book your tickets, your reference number is HE1L803E. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town. Can you recommend something for me?|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there something specific you're looking for?
Nothing specific, just give me the first one that pops up.  I'll need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.|Christ's College is located in the centre of town. Entrance is free, phone number is 1223334900, and post code is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You. That's it.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day.
I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.|What day will you be departing? Trains depart starting at 5:17 then at each odd hour. Trains arrive the next hour :08.
On sunday. But I have to be there by 19:15. Which one works best for that?|There are 7 trains. The one that arrives closest to 19:15 is TR2952 which leaves at 17:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like to book this?
Is there an earlier train?|There is TR1688 that arrives by 14:08
Great that should work can I get the price, and departure time of that?|18.88 pounds departure time 13:17.
I need the postcode please.|What postcode are you requesting?
Sorry. I am interested in finding a museum to attend and would need the postcode and phone number.|There are 5 museums, 4 of which are free and one costs 3.50 pounds.  Do you know which area you would like?
I don't care about the area. Can you give me the name, postcode, and phone number of the one with an entrance fee?|Sure, cambridge and county folk museum at 2-3 castle street has the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223355159.
I will also need the postcode please.|Sure, the postcode for the cambridge and county folk museum is cb30aq.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Is that all I can help you with today?
That should be all the info I need, thank you!|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant called Galleria.|I've found Galleria, it is located at 33 Bridge Street in town centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes! I'd like a reservation for this Sunday at 16:45 for three people.|I'm sorry, but that time and day is unavailable. Would you like to try another day and/or time?
Would it be possible to book the same restaurant at 15:45?|I have made the reservation for 3 for Sunday at 15:45 at Galleria. Your reference number is DUY4H6WY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would also like to take a train on Sunday arriving by 09:45. Can you help me with that?|Where are you traveling to and from?
Departure is Peterborough and arrival is Cambridge.|There are 8 trains. The latest one that would get you there on time leaves at 8:48 and arrives 9:38. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Please give me travel time and the price, please.|The travel time is 50 minutes and it costs 13.20 pounds.
Thank you very much for all of your help.|Okay you are welcome! Thank you for calling.
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the south of Cambridge|I have two restaurants in the south. They serve italian or modern european.  Would you like information on either of those?
No, I was hoping to eat some South African food.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry, not sure I follow.  Can you recommend a south african food restaurant?  Thanks.|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African food but I can look for other types of cuisines if you want.
Modern European will be fine.  Can you reserve a table at one please?|Yes, I will book you a table now.
Thank you. I need it for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday|I was able to book a table for two at restaurant alimentum located in the south your reference number is 70K7T35N. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Book me a train from bishops stortford that arrives by 18:30.|OK, the TR0201 arrives at 18:07. Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave on tuesday and go to cambridge.|There are no trains on Tuesday.
are you sure? i need to leave tuesday.|Yes I am sure. Can you change your criteria?
No, I can not do that.|I have a train on Tuesday that arrives at 18:07. I believe that would suffice?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can do that for you. Can you tell me how many tickets you need to book?
I need to book it for 5 people.|Your booking on TR1772 was successful. The reference number is YV3K20RP. The total fee of 50.5 is payable at the station.
Also looking for place to go in the west. I need the postcode, address and entrance fee.|There are a lot of great places to go in the west - museums, colleges, entertainment venues - what would you like to do?
Would you choose an entertainment venue for me? Museums and colleges seem so boring. I will need the address, postcode and entrance fee, please.|The only entertainment venues that I can find are colleges in the West. Is there another area you would like me to search?
Colleges are find, can you recommend one and give me the postcode, address and entrance fee?|I recommend Clare Hall. It is free admission, and the address is Herschel Road, CB39AL.
That is great, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think I have everything I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day and a fantastic trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre, of type multiple sports.|Unfortunately, there is not attraction type with multiple sports in the centre areat.
Is there a nightclub located in the centre instead then?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre.  Would you like me to send you a list with their address and price information?
No, I just need the phone number and entrance fee for each of them.|Ballare 5 pounds, phone 01223364222. club salsa 5 pounds, phone 07782218745. kambar 5 pounds, phone 01223842725. soul tree nightclub 4 pounds, phone 01223477900. the fez club 5 pounds, phone 01223519224
Thank you I also need a train going to Cambridge leaving after 17:00|There are a lot of trains then, can you tell me where you are departing from and how many tickets you need?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.|TR5298 leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Can I book you for this train?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you, enjoy your visit!
Hello, I am looking to book a train departing from Cambridge going to Bishops Stortford.|What is your departure day and time?
I'll be leaving Saturday after 19:45.|I have train TR1159 that departs at 21:29 and will arrive by 22:07. Would that be something that would work for you?
Book it for 8 please and i need the reference number.|I have booked that and your reference number is 69TDODDN.
I am also looking for swimming pools I can visit.|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch looks good, would you like to get some information about that?
Yes, what area is it located in?|It is located in the east, would you like any more information on this or more help with something else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.  Goodbye!|Sounds good! Have a wonderful day!
I'd like to find a train arriving in peterborough by 8:00.|There are daily departures from Cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in Petersborough at 07:56.  Which day were you planning to travel?
I am planning to travel on Thursday.|There are daily departures from Cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in Petersborough at 07:56. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, I'll need 4 tickets please.|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .The reference number is : ZW9TAO4I.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.|You are quite welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, I am hoping you can give me some information on a train.|Can you please give me more information? There are numerous trains leaving on Friday to Cambridge.
I am leaving cambridge on Tuesday and going to Birmingham new street.|Sure, there are plenty of trains that match your requirements.  Did you have a particular time of day you were wanting to travel on Friday?
I would like to leave after 21:45.|There are two trains that fit your criteria.  One will arrive at 24:33 and the other at 01:44.  Which suits your needs?
How about the one arriving at 01:44.|How many tickets can I book for you?
What is the travel time for the one arriving at 1:44.|The travel time for TR4724 is 163 minutes.
I would also like to go to a museum.|There are 23 museums available. Which part of town do you prefer?
I'm fine with any area of town.|we have lovely museums in the east, west, south and centre. I prefer the byard art myself that's in the south
I would like to give that a try. What is the entrance fee, phone number and area?|byard art museum is located in the south part of town. Their entrance fee is free. Their phone number is 01223464646. Can I further assist you today?
Thanks so much. That's all I need. Goodbye!|You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your time at the museum. I am happy to have been able to assist you.
I need a place to stay in the north in the moderate price range if you could help me.|Acorn Guesthouse offers moderate pricing in the North. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. Please book it.|What day will you be arriving?
I need the booking for 6 people, for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.|Okay, the booking was successful. Confirmation code is KNHD4Q79.
Also I need a train to Cambridge to depart Norwich at 8:30 on Tuesday. I need the train ID too.|Of course, train TR4134 will be leaving Norwich at 9:16, would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the train ID. Thanks.|Okay, the train ID is TR4134. Anything else today?
No that was all I needed. I appreciate your help.|I am glad to be of service! Bye for now!
Hello! Can you recommend a 4-star hotel in the Centre of town, please?|I heaar university arms hotel is nice.
What's the price? I need something in cheap range.|Yes it is very affordable and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Have a great time!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation?
Im looking for food its name is called golden wok, can you get me address, postcode, and phone number|Sure! Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43hl. You can reach them at 01223350688. Anything else I can help with?
I also looking for a train. The train should depart from kings lynn and should leave on thursday|OK, and where will you be traveling to?
to cambridge and should arrive by 09:00|great, the TR8705 can get you there by 8:58. would you like tickets?
Not yet. What time does TR8705 leave Kings Lynn? And what do the tickets cost?|It leave kings lynn at 08:11 and the tickets are 9.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you tickets?
No I don't need you to book it.|Ok is there anything else I can help you with ?
No, that's all at this time. Thank you.|I hope you have a pleasant trip!
Hey! Trying to locate a train that goes to broxbourne and would leave right after 17:45.|I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please.|The TR5484 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 19:01. Will that work for you?
Yes, I need 2 tickets.|You're all set. The fee will be 35.79 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is HZ0I8VML. Do you need anything else?
Yes I also need information on downing college.|Noone in the center appears to b open. You would be more than pleased with Jesus College which is and is beautiful.
I'm really interested in Downing College. Can you tell me the area, address, and fee for that one?|Downing College is located in the centre, located on Regent Street. The postcode is cb21dq. The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks. Good bye.|Thanks for using our services today. Glad I was able to help have a nice day.
Hi, I would like to travel Stevenage from Cambridge by train. Could you please tell me when the next train is leaving?|The next train departing is TR8306 on Friday at 5:54 set to arrive by 6:43.  Would you like to book that?
I actually need to leave on Saturday.|Let me confirm you are traveling from Cambridge to Stevanage this Saturday. Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I am in Cambridge traveling to Stevanage on Saturday. I want to arrive in stevenage by 12:45.|Train ID	TR3259
Price	10.24 pounds Reference number is : 1P6X7B88.
I'll also need the travel time please.|The travel time is 19 minutes.
Ok, great. Thanks!|Thank you for using our services, do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to help. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I am looking for a train can you help out?|That's not a problem. Where will you be going to?
Stansted Airport, I will need the train to leave after 10:15 please.|Can you tell me what day you need the train and for how many people?
I need the train on Saturday and I am booking for 4 people.|The TR6310 train departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 10:24. Will that work for you?
That is perfect. I am also looking for a place to stay. Can you help me with that, as well?|Certainly. What part of town do you prefer?
I'm sorry, there's been a mistake. I need to book a train from cambridge to stansted airport. The train must leave after 10:15. I need four tickets.|I have a 10:40 and every hour after that. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. Can I get the reference number for that booking?|I can most definitely give you the reference number once the booking is complete. How many tickets would you be needing?
Like I said, I need four tickets.|Sure, I have booked four tickets for cambridge to stansted airport saturday, your reference number is YONURJSX. May I help with anything else?
I will also need a place to stay. A cheap guesthouse.|There are several guesthouses that are cheap. What area would you like it to be in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Thursday, if that fails one night.  I don't care the area but I will need the reference number.|sorry unfortunately that is not available perhaps for another day?
Is there another cheap guesthouse available? I need it to be booked for Thursday.|I was able to do a 1 night booking at Finches Bed and Breakfast for 4 starting on Thursday. Reference number DKZG9AWZ. Any else I can assist you with?
That is everything. Thanks for the help.|You are very welcome. I am happy to help anytime. Have a wonderful day.
I need a train to cambridge|Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from Stevenage and I'll need to leave sometime after 21:15 if possible.|What is your day of travel and your preferred arrival time?
I'm working at leave on Wednesday after 21:15|Train TR3190 will depart at 21:54, would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great. I am also looking for a hotel. I would like to stay in the east side of town, and I do not need parking.|The only hotel in the area is a guesthouse called, a and b guest house. They are 4 stars.
No, I need a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I am sorry but there are no hotels in that area.  a and b guest house has 4 stars.  Would you like to give it a try?
The guesthouse will be ok, as long as it's rating is a star of 4.|Yes, indeed, the A and B guesthouse does have a 4 star rating. Would you like a booking?
Can I book 4 nights for 6 people on that same Wednesday?|You're all set, your reference number for the booking is UFVH6K6Y.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Have a great day too!
I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and it doesn't need to include internet.|I can help with that! How much money are you looking to spend?
It doesn't matter|I have several available.  Do you want a hotel or guesthouse?
A guesthouse please.  I'd like wifi also.|Okay. I have several in different price ranges. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Can you suggest one?|Yes, I recommend the Autumn House. It is cheap and it has 4 stars. Would you like their information?
No, that's all the info I need. Can you book some rooms for me?|Of course I can help!  What day do you want to check in?
Please book for 7 people, 4 nights and starting on Saturday.|Reference number is : E0BD9V4Y. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from cambridge.|There are many trains which depart daily from Cambridge-what is the destination to which you will be traveling?
I'm headed to Bishops Stortford. I'd like to leave Cambridge after 9:45.|train ID  TR3262 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. will that suit you?
that is fine. book for 7 people please|your all set reference is IPFTBLLM, the cost is 70.7 payable at the station, anything else?
no that will be all thanks for everything, you have been great!|Thank you for contacting us have a great day.
I need a restaurant. I've heard Nandos recommended, could you give me more information about it?|Nandos, a portugese restaurant, is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
What is the phone number?|The phone number for nandos south is 01223327908. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that takes care of it|Have a good day!
I need a train that leaves this Thursday from Cambridge to Ely.|I have 10 trains to Ely Thursday, leaving on the :50 every two hours from 05:50 to 23:50. Did you have a particular time in mind?
I need to leave after 17:45 so anytime after that would be great.|I have train TR7355 from Cambridge departing at 17:50 and arriving in Ely at 18:07. Would this train work for you or would you like a later departure?
That's great. I'll need 3 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WDETDX35.
I apologize this train is going to broxbourne from cambridge. for 3 people are you able to book that?|Sure, do you still need the train on Thursday after 17:45?
Yes, that's Broxbourne to Cambridge on Thursday, leaving after 17:45.|When would you like to arrive?
Sorry. I really need to be leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne, leaving after 17:45 on Thursday. Arrival time doesn't matter.|How about TR9890? It departs Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 19:01. It is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book that one?
Yes, please. I will need the reference number when you are finished.|Your booking was a success. The total fee for 3 tickets is 53.70 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is TSUJXVYU. Is there anything else I can do?
No that will do , cheers.|Thank you, good bye.
I am looking for a train from stevenage. It should arrive by 10:30.|I'm happy to help. Can you tell me what day you are traveling?
I will be traveling to cambridge on monday.|TR2494 will leave at 7:54 and arrive by 8:43. Would you be interested in booking this train?
No thank you. I'd like to know the travel time, please?|The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great I'm also looking to get some restaurant information on one named for charlie chan|Okay.  Charlie Chan is a cheaply-priced Chinese restaurant located in the centre area of town.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Kindly book for a table for 2 people for same Monday by 20:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1NT8AZ1Z.
Thanks for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, have a good day.|welcome and gooday too
Thank you, you as well!|Enjoy your visit
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|We have over 100 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a food preference?
No, not really, but it's nice to know I have a lot of choices. I'm also looking into booking a train to Cambridge.|I can help you with train information into Cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Stansted airport. I need to leave after 10:15 on Wednesday.|We have a train leaving at 10:24. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, please, I need 7 tickets.|Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is : HDT6N9D9.
Thank you for your help.|Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is HDT6N9D9  Anything else I can help you with ?
Thanks! I am looking for a restaurant called travellers rest. I want to make a reservation there|I can help you with that, however I need to know what day and time, as well as how many people will be in your party.
It should be for wednesday at 17:45 and 7 people please|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 79UL6EX4.
Thank you so very much.|No problem, may I assist with anything else?
That is all for now. Thanks!|You're very welcome and we hope you enjoy your stay.
I want a train leaving on thursday.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
should depart from stansted airport and arrive by 08:00 at cambridge|I have the TR6437 leaving at 07:24 and arriving at 07:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
make a booking for 7 people and could I get the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station Reference number is : DMXYQFPZ. Is there anything else you need today?
No that will be all thank you!|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge, have a great day!
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.|Sure! great saint mary's church is in the centre.  What information do you need?
What is the postcode?|The postcode for that church is CB23PQ. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you.  I also need a train that should leave on thursday and should go to cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from ely.|great, do you know your departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 15:15|I have train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52.
I want to confirm that I will arrive by 15:15? You stated, leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?|I think the TR4992 train will work better.  It leave ely at 13:35 and arrives at cambridge at 13:52 on thursday. Would that one work?
Yes, I'm not booking my seat just yet. All I needed was the train ID, and you have given me that. Thank you.|You are welcome, any other questions today?
That's all I need, thank you!|I hope you enjoy your time here!
I'm interested in doing something touristy in the centre, where should I stop first?|there are several college, churches and museums in that area
Those all sound interesting. Do you have any recommendations?|How about the whipple museum of the history of science located at free school lane. Their entrance fee is free.
Sure, can I have the postcode?|Certainly the post code is cb23rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I need information about a train on Sunday, leaving after 11:45.|And can you tell me your departure site please?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|the tr7447 leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Do they have 7 tickets available? If they do reserve the tickets and I need the reference number.|Reference number is : ZHM8KDQA. Do you need anything else?
No. Thanks for your help. You have been really nice.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train that is leaving monday to leicester|What time would you like your train to depart?
I need it to arrive by 12:15. I don't know how long the ride is?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.|There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and will arrive by 11:06 would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 3 people please.|Booking was successful the total is 113.4GBP and can be paid at the station. Your reference number is EKI0YZF7.
Can you also give me some information on museums in the east area? I need postcode and phone numbers.|I have 4 different ones. The best in that area is the Cambridge Artworks. It's located at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef. They offer free admission also.
That sounds great. Could you give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223902168.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that will be all.|Great. Have a fantastic time! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat in the North please|There's a restaurant that serves chinese and a restaurant that serves indian food. Will one of those work for you?
I would prefer the Indian restaurant please.|Okay. Would you like for me to make a reservation there?
Yes. Can you book for 8 people at 19:15 on Monday?|Ok, you're booked, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7Y3YQNNR.
I also need to get a train.|Alright when would you like to leave by?
I want the train from birmingham new street to arrive in cambridge by 09:30. I plan to travel on monday. Please provide me with the travel time for this trip|There are 4 options. The travel time for each trip is 163 minutes.
Get the earliest one, please.|The earliest train leaves at 05:40 and arrives 08:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and travel time 163 minutes. Do you want to book, and if so for how many people?
Yes I would like to book, for 8 people.|Okay, it is booked. Reference number is VSTQEJ0S
Thank you for all of your help!|Thanks, have a great trip!
I am looking for a train to cambridge.|Alright, what day are you looking to travel?
I want to travel this Sunday, please.|Okay, and what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 19:15.|I have several trains that meet that criteria, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving london kings cross.|TR1681 will be departing london kings cross at 19:17, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, thank you. Can you book it for 3 people and provide the reference number for me?|There we go, all set. The reference number is AM5KZM91.
Marvelous. I am all set to go now. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I 'm looking for a theatre in town.|What part of town were you interested in?
It doesn't matter what part of town, If you have one you would recommend and let me know the entrance fee, that would be great.|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in the centre area.  However, the entrance fee is currently unavailable.
What does "currently unavailable" mean?|Not Available means I am not able to see the price of the entrance fee.  Unfortunately all the theatre's are hiding there fee's.  Anything else I can do?
I also need a train going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday.|Can you tell me if there is a time you want to leave by or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrvie by 14:16.|OKay I will work on looking this up for you.
There will be 8 of us traveling, by the way.|train tr9327 leaves at 13:06 and gets you there by 13:56. I have booked you 8 tickets. Reference number is : ZKGGRI1B Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need this morning.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I need to get a train to bishops stortford leaving after 20:45.|Oh what day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday.|I have only two trains on Sunday matching those constraints. Would you like me to book the 21:29?
Please just tell me the price, travel time and the train ID|the TR1389 leaves at 21:29. the price is 8.08 pounds.
Great. Can you give me information on jesus green outdoor pool? I need fee amount if any, postcode, phone number and address please.|Sure. The Jesus Green Ourtdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river at postcode cb43px and can be reached at 01223302579. I don't have any information about fees.
Okay wonderful! Thank you for all of your help!|You are very welcome. I will sign off now.
Can you help me find a place to stay that has 0 stars and doesn't need to have free parking?|There are 2 results in the centre and one in the north. Would you like more information on one?
I would prefer a hotel.|Cityroomz is a hotel that has a rating of 0 stars. Would like to book a room?
0 stars, what could go wrong. I just need to find out the postcode and phone number.|Of course! Cityroomz's postcode is cb12tz, you can reach them by phone at 01223304050. How many nights would you like to book?
I don't want to book right now, but could you confirm what area of town that is in?|Yes it is in the city's center.
I want to get take the bus to the centre area then take a taxi tour of the area can you help me arrange that.|sure, where do you want to depart and arrive?
I've changed my mine. I'd like a train that departs from stansted airport and goes to cambridge instead.|Sure, I've got lots of options for you.  What day would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on Sunday after 12:00. Can I have the arrival time, price, and train ID please?|There are several trains that leave after 12:00. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine as long as I leave Stansted Airport after 12:00. The train which leaves the soonest after 12:00 would be fine with me.|TR5358 leaves Stansted Airport at 12:24 on Sunday and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like me to book it for you?
Thanks! No need, I just need the price, please.|it will cost you 8.08 pounds
Thank you. That is all for now.|Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.
I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.|What day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday.|There are 19 trains, would you like me to book you one?
I need to arrive in Leicester by 21:15, do you have one like that?|There's a train arriving at 21:06. Would you like to  book that train now?
That will probably work. What is the travel time for that train?|It will be a 105 minute trip
Okay, that's all I needed to know.  Thanks.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing from Broxbourne after 20:15.|There are 28 available train rides from Broxbourne to Cambridge. The earliest leaves at 20:32 daily and the latest leaves at 23:32. What day would you like to ride?
Let's do that 20:32 on Wednesday please|How many tickets do you need? Price is 17.90 pounds.
1 please with the arrival time and train id.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Your train ID is TR6477, and your reference number is K43GMVMX. Will that be all?
I'll need to know the arrival time, please?|it will arrive at 21:32.
A need a park in centre and need a phone number and entrance fee|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is the only park in Centre, the phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Thank you. I think that's it for today.|Well thank you and I hope you have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?|Is there a certain side of town you would like to stay on?
No preference in area, just need to make sure that it also has wifi.|i have 14 results matching your criteria. how many star rated should it be?
No preference on star rating. It needs to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse. What do you recommend?|I'd recommend ashley hotel. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to stay starting on Saturday. It will be for five nights and eight people.|Your reservation has been made. Reference number is P1FII4X8.
Thanks! I also need a train departing Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Thursday. I want to arrive by 11:15. Can you help?|TR7618 arrives at 10:58. Is that okay for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 8 people? And can I get a reference number to give everyone? Thanks!|I was able to book you for 8 tickets.  The reference number is : VBE2BLHO.  Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a nightclub in downtown Cambridge.|I have several, is there a price you would like to keep entrance fee under?
I don't really care. Can you suggest a place? And give me a postcode for the one you suggest please.|Soul Tree Nightclub is nice and has a 4 pounds entrance fee. The postcode is cb23qf. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from cambridge and arrive by 19:15.|There are many trains that fit your criteria. Is there a destination to narrow the search?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.|There are many trains that day. I Have one that that gets in at 17:58, would you like me to book it?
That works for me. Book it for 2 people and I need the reference number.|Okay, I have booked your train ticket from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. Your reference number is RX3523989.
That's everything. Thank you.|You are very welcome and have a good night.
I'm looking for information on Broughton house gallery.|Certainly! It's a museum in the centre at 98 king street cb11ln with free entrance. Their phone number is 01223314960. May I help find anything else?
Is the cb11ln the postcode?|Yes, that's the postcode. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge.|Okay, what day would you like to travel and where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Leicester and I want to be in Cambridge by 11:30, please.|Of course. What day will you be traveling?
Sunday,can you book it for me and I need a reference number,please|Sure.  Just to confirm, how many seats will you need?
5, please. Include the reference number.|You will arrive at 10:54 the reference number is 69luuzq7
Thanks so much, that's all I need today.|I hope you have a great day, goodbye!
i am planning your trip in Cambridge|Are you planning a trip to Cambridge? If so, what type of information are you looking for today?
I want to know if the Worth House is still renting rooms.|Yes they are. Would you like to book a room?
yes book for 2 people and 3 nights from thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WX6QA7D0.
Thanks. I also need to find a train to london liverpool street.|Where are you departing from, and what day? Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Since this is the cambridge help desk, I assumed that, I really need the date and time to get you booked.
Sure, you really should be more pleasant.  I need to get to London Liverpool Street on Wednesday by 20:45 please.|The TR1047 leaves Cambridge for London Liverpool Street Wednesday arriving at 07:27.  The price is 16.60 lbs. Can I book it for you?
Yes make the booking or me for 2 and provide the reference number.|Ok, I was able to make your reservation. Your total fee is 33.2 GBP. Your Reference number is : POE0NTR1.
Thank you very much. That is all the information I need.|Okay great! Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant in centre.|I have a lot of restaurants in Centre, 69 in total! What type of food are you looking for?
I am really in the mood for Italian food tonight. Something expensive!|I have found 4 restaurants that fit that criteria. Might I suggest Caffe Uno?
Yes.  What is the address and phone number of that place?|The number is 01223448620 and it is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Can I book if for you?
Not at this time. I also need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|Did you have a time you want to leave?
I don't have a preference on what time to leave, however, I do need to be there by 08:00.|What day do you need the train on?
I'll be leaving on Monday.|So the TR2926 gets to kings lynn by 07:58 on Monday. It leaves cambridge at 07:11. fare is 9.80. would you like me to book tickets?
That would be excellent. Could you also give me the travel time once you book it for me?|The travel time is 47 minutes. Did you only need one ticket?
actually, i think i will book it later. thanks though. goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
What do we have in Cambridge as far as British food?|I do not see any British restaurants in Cambridge but there appear to be several nearby.
Since I am only worried about Cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced british restaurants in the centre area|I have 4 moderately priced British restaurants.  The Oak Bistro is really good, would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 8 people on Monday at 16:45.|Yes your reservation was successful! Your reference number is SG2ICMM6.
I also need to get a train on the same day as the restaurant booking|I need to narrow this down a bit.  Where will you be departing from and where will be your destination?
i'm leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.|How about train TR1347 that leaves at 06:16?
Does it arrive by 10:45?|It arrives at 7:35.
Okay can I book that for 8 people?|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 70HPP0C2
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|OK, thank you for choosing to stay in Cambridge!
I need a train to arrive by 12:15 on saturday. Can you help me?|Wonderful, I can help you. Could you help me by telling me where you're departing from, and where you'd like to arrive?
I am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. I need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 12:15, can you help?|The train closest to your requested arrival time is the TR4382. It departs Birmingham New Street at 08:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:23. Shall I book you a ticket?
I'm not ready to book, but appreciate the information.|No problem at all!  Is there anything more I can help you with today?
Yes I would also like to find a place to dine  that serves italian food and should be in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  What price range are you looking for?
It should be in the expensive price range.|There are 4 in the area I recommend Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar.
yes, that's fine.  Can I have the address please?|Yes, the address is Market Hill City Centre.
Perfect, that is all I need for right now.  Thank you for all of your help!  Goodbye.|You are very welcome!  Thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train that leaves Wednesday and arrives by 9:30.|Where is your departure from?
Oh, sorry coming in from Kings Lynn|I have train TR4638 from Kings Lynn to Cambridge departing at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58. Would that work for you?
May I make a booking for six people?|I have successfully booked your tickets. 58.8 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is WGS360AQ
Great. Thank you.|Have a great day!
Any trains running on thusday?|Yes I have 404 trains that day,where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Where will you be going?
I am going to the Standsted airport and would like to arrive by 08:00. What would the travel time be on that?|I have train TR7966 leaving at 5:40 and arriving at 6:08. Would you like to book that?
No tickets right now, thanks, but what's the total travel time for that train?|The travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I need some place to go in the centre.|Is there a specific type of attraction you'd like? Or would you like for me to make a recommendation?
Can you make a recommendation and proved the entrance fee and postcode?|Great saint mary's church is located at cb23qp and it is 2 pounds to enter.
Great. Thank you. That's all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 14:00.|There are hundreds of those! What day are you traveling and what's your destination station?
I need to leave from Kings Cross on a Saturday please.|Sure, Are you leaving, or going to london kings cross?
I am going to London.|Okay, I'd recommended TR6203 leaving at 15:00 and arriving at 15:51, total duration 51 minutes. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you very much that's all I needed!|You're very welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
Hi there. I am looking for a train out of Cambridge.|What is your desired destination?
My desired destination is Norwich.|There are many trains for Norwich, do you have a specific date and time you'd like to leave?
Friday after 18:15. I will need 4 tickets. Please send me a reference number too.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CLBJ6WLI. Anything else?
I need a hotel that is moderately priced. I do not want a guesthouse.|There are three. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge in the north are 2 stars and Cityroomz hotel in the centre is 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything with 3 stars?|There is not. Would you be willing to try a different price range?
Yeah, lets try expensive places.|The gonville hotel meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please for the same group of people on tuesday.|How many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay for 3 nights, please.|Alright, got you booked. Your reference number is: AL3YQFJ8. Anything else I can do for you today?
Nope that is all I need today. I appreciate your time! Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to Ely?|Sure, what day would you like to travel and is there a certain time you want to leave?
I want to leave on Monday after 17:00.|I was able to get you 1 ticket your confirmation number is B8TP1EAA, anything else?
What is the price for that ticket?|The ticket costs 4.40 pounds. Will that be all?
What is the travel time?|You depart at 17:50, arrive by 18:07, and the duration is 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes - are there any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|the cherry hinton village centre offers multiple sports and is located at colville road, cherry hinton.
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find a hotel?|Certainly. Is there an area of town or a price range you prefer?
I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range with a rating of 0.|I have two options available for you. Do you care about parking?
No, parking is not an issue.  What do you think is the best option?|City centre north b and b is a good choice and close to a lot of attractions.  Shall I book for you?
Hello.  I need a train leaving from London Kings Cross on Thursday.  What's available?|I have multiple trains leaving London Kings Cross Thursday.  What time are you looking to leave by?
I am looking to go to cambridge and arrive by 9:45|I have 2 trains leaving London Kings Cross for Cambridge Thursday arriving before 9:45.  Which would you prefer, one arrives at 6:08 the other 8:08?
What's the price?|The price per ticket is 23.60 pounds and the ride is 51 minutes long. Can I help you in booking a ticket?
No, no booking is necessary. But thanks for the info. Thats all I needed.|Very good. Have a good day.
I'm trying to take a train from bishops stortford to cambridge|Okay great, there are plenty of options for you. Did you have a certain day and time in mind for departure?
I want to leave on monday after 18:30.|There is a train that leaves at 19:29, would you like to book it?
What is the arrival time? I also need the train ID and price.|Your arrival time is 20:07 on train TR5806. Total price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No that won't be necessary. I would like to find a place to stay though, and I'll need free parking.|Indeed, we have many options with free parking. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Well, I need a place in the south with a 4-star rating, but either hotel or guesthouse is OK.|aylesbray lodge guest house is in the moderate price range and rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range.  Which do you prefer?
Can you send me the hotel type and postcode and whether they have internet?|Both have internet and are guesthouses. Aylesbray lodge's postcode is cb17sr. Rosa's postcode is cb22ha.
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any more assistance.
Thank you, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hi there. I need to book a train from Cambridge to Broxbourne.|Is there a day you need to leave? Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive?
I'm sorry, I actually need to travel from Broxbourne to Cambridge.   And yes, I actually do need to leave after 13:00 on Tuesday.|All right, the TR8199 train leaves at 13:32 on Tuesday. Would you like me to purchase tickets for you?
Yes, that would be great.  I need 8 seats.|Alright, I have your 8 tickets purchased for the TR8199 train. Your reference number is ZJ8KWJQ9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you find me a train to Cambridge on Sunday?|Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'm coming from Birmingham New Street.|There are 19 train departures fitting this description, they leave every hour on the :40 minute. 5:40 to 23:40. Would you like to book one of these?
No that is ok I think I have everything I need now. Thank you|Thank you and have a great day!
I would also like information on a restaurant called "Grafton Hotel Restaurant".|The Grafton hotel restaurant is British and expensive.  Their phone number is 01223241387 and the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Great thank you can you please book me for table for 8 at 19:30 on the same day|Booking was successful at grafton hotel restaurant. The table for 8 will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is UE3CHDIM. Would you like help with anything else?
No that should be all thank you very much|Please enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you help me get a train going to Bishops Stortford?|Do you have a departing time or arriving time ?
I need to leave cambridge after 9:45 on thursday.|okay, the TR2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives by 12:07. Would you like me to book tickets?
That sounds good. I need it for 4 people on thursday, please.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is TGDYE9A4. 40.40 GBP will be payable at the station. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|Yes I have several. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes that would be great, thank you|I'd recommend adc theatre. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can you get me the entrance fee please.|I'm sorry, that information is not available to me.
Is there a number I can call to get the entrance fee information?|You can call them at 01223300085.  What else can I do for you?
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not listed so i encourage you to call to inquiry about the fee.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge.|What time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave after 15:15|I'd love to help! Where are you departing from?
leicester.also  get train ID, travel time, and price|16:09	17:54	37.80 pounds	105 minutes thats all you could need sir
I will need the train ID also please.|TR7878 leaves leicester Friday at 16:09. Would you like to book a seat?
I don't need to book a seat, I just needed the train ID.|The train ID is TR7878. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
thanks a lot. that is all for now.|Thank you for contacting us, have a great day.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.|There are 21 different restaurants in that area matching your price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I would like to try Jamaican food.|Unfortunately I can't find any Jamaican restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
Okay... how about British food?|I found 4 restaurants, would you like to try Cotto?
Sure, can you try to get a table for 8 people at 17:00 on Tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IAUXALYD.
Thank you, can I also get a train leaving petterborough and arriving by 11:15|there are eleven trains that match that criteria. What time would you like your departure time to be?
I just need to make sure I arrive in cambridge by 11:15 please.|Before going further I would just like to confirm you'd be leaving on Tuesday, is that correct?
Yes, Tuesday, the same day as the restaurant booking, can I please get a departure time as well?|There is a train that leaves at 10:19 and arrives at 11:09. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book this.|Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to be booked?
That's all I need, Thank You.|Sure thing! The reference number is S4FM08GE. See you!
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|Okay! There are 5. Would you like Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
I would like to try some Japanese, do you have anything matching that?|Unfortunately, no. Would you like to change the location or the restaurant type?
How about Mexican food?|The Chiquito Restaurant Bar fits your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve me a table for Tuesday for 8 people at 15:15?|Your table is reserved, reference #UCRWM8U3. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that was all I needed. Thanks so much for the help.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 18:45.|Okay and what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I want to go from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Sunday.|The TR5298 train arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
book for 5people and get me the reference number|You are all set the reference number is FH7BXL3F, the 5 tickets will come to 40.4 GBP.
Are there any attractions when we get there?|There are many fine attractions in Cambridge. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Botanic Gardens in the center of town.
What about some kind of boating attraction?|There are 4 I recommend scudamores punting co it's located in the centre of town. Would that interest you?
Sure can you give me the postcode?|Sure, it's cb21rs.
Thanks, that is all for now. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help.  Enjoy your visit.
I'm interested in finding a train to peterborough on Wednesday please|I can help!  What time are you looking to depart?
on wednesday by 8 15 please|Ok, I've got train TR3730 that leaves at 07:06 and would put you in Peterborough by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work great can you book me 2 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J7JWEILX.
Great, I'm also looking for a swimming pool in the north. Can you find me one?|There are 2 to choose from - Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Which would you prefer?
Either is fine, I just need the postcode.|The postcode is cb43px.  Anything else.
No that takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks! Bye!|You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I'm looking for a train leaving on Sunday that is going to Cambridge.|There are 200 trains coming to Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time or departure location you're interested in?
I want to depart from london kings cross after 13:30.|Sure, the first train leaves at 15:17. Would you like to book it?
No, I would like to book at a later time, but can I please get the train ID?|Sure, the 15:17 train's id is TR7931.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like the hotel to have free parking and free wifi.|My listings show almost 30 separate lodgings around town with free wifi and parking! Do you have any other preferences to help me pick one for you?
Yes, I would like a guesthouse with a 0 star rating.|There is city centre north b and b, and el shaddai which would you like to book?
El Shaddai sounds fine. I need to reserve it for two adults for two nights, please.|Alright, what day will you be staying?
Sunday.  Could you please send me the reference number?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to book it for another day or duration?
How about just one night instead? May I have the reference number please?|Great, that was a successful booking, the reference number is  9H97D0MB. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all, thanks!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Find me a restaurant that serves belgian food in the centre|I'm sorry, there aren't any.
How about one that serves Turkish food?|I have three Turkish restaurants. Two are moderately priced and one is expensive. Any preference?
I would like to know the price ranges of the 3 if possible please, and also would like to dine in the centre of town.|The Meze Bar Restaurant is expensive. The Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced. They are all located in the centre.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I'd like to arrive by 21:15 please!|Sorry, I need an origination point to give you that information.
The train should depart from ely and should arrive by 21:15.|The TR4288 train arrives at cambridge at 19:52. Can I book it for you?
Not right now.  Thank you.|Do you need anything else?
That is all I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I want to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge please.|What day and time will you need this train?
I will need a train leaving on Thursday and arriving in Cambridge by 11:30.|Train number TR9937 leaves Friday at 10:24 and would get you to your destination by 10:52. The cost would be 10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
No, I need a train that leaves on Thursday.|TR2635 will arrive Thursday in Cambridge by 10:52, will this suit you?
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel, is there any chance you can help me with that?|Certainly. In what area of town would you like to stay?
I want to stay at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you.
I am looking for their address, hotel type, and area please.|They're a guesthouse style hotel located at 53 Roseford Road located in the south. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, thank you for your help! Have a great day!|No problem. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Can you help me find a train leaving Norwich after 13:30? Thanks.|I sure can. What day do you plan to travel?
Yes, I am traveling on Wednesday.|The TR1892 will get you there by 15:35, just one ticket then?
I need reservations for 7 people and I need the reference number.|I was able to get the tickets the fee is 123.20 gbp payable at the station and the reference number is BIBJ2DS0. Do you need anymore help today?
Thank you! I am also looking for places to go in the Centre part of town. Can you help me with that, please?|Sure thing, I would suggest the old schools.
What are the old schools? Do you mean colleges?|No, old schools is a tourist attraction in the centre. It's located on trinity lane and there's no charge to check it out.
What is the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223332320.
I guess I'll go call them. Thanks a lot. Bye.|Ok, have a great day!
I am looking for boating places can town, can you tell me if there are any available?|There is boating in the east, north, and in the centre. Do you have a preference?
No, i just want to know the entrance fee.|I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the entrance fees.  Would you like the phone numbers?
No, but can I get the postcode and address of the one in the East, please?|Camboats is found in the east. Their postcode is cb58sx and their number is 01223902112
I need the address as well please?|Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to catch a train to Cambridge for Sunday. I'll be departing from bishops stortford.|What time would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 21:30 please.|Okay! The latest one that you can take leaves at 19:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time?|the train will arrive by 14:07 or earlier if you need.
I'll take the latest one. Please get me 6 ticketss|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is MNOJ7KDZ.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.|What else can I look up for you?
Nothing, that is all that I need. Thank you.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Hi! I need a train to London Liverpool Street. I need an early one, arriving there by 8:30.|I have 14 trains that will arrive before that time, is there a particular day you'd like?
I would like to leave on Wednesday.|I have no trains leaving at that time on Wednesday. Could you pick a different time or date?
You have no trains departing Cambridge to london liverpool street on Wednesday that will arrive by 8:30?|Oh wait I have found you one that departs at 5:59 and arrives in London at 7:27. would that do? Everything else is later.
Yes that is fine. How long is the journey and how much is the ticket by the way?|It will be 88 minutes and the price is 16.60 pounds. Shall I book a ticket?
Yes book me a ticket please.|No problem, your ticket is booked.  The reference number is 69URTU8A.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.|Great! Have a wonderful time! Goodbye!
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge soon and I am interested in what attractions are in the centre.|I can help you with that!  There are many different types, and many people love the architecture attractions.  Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes. Tell me more.|Little saint mary's church is a great place to visit. It is located on little saint mary's lane in the centre of town and its free to get it.
Ok, thanks! What about a train to get me to Cambridge?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Stansted Airport.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The train needs to leave after 16:45 on Tuesday please.|Tr2101 is leaving at 17:24, would you like me to book tickets and if so how many people?
Thank you for the train ID, what is the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 28 minutes. May I be of further assistance?
Nope! Thanks for everything. That's all I needed.|If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. Good-bye.
I am looking for a train. I need to leave Cambridge and I would like to arrive by 09:45.|Could you tell me your intended destination please?
I need to get to the Stansted Airport on Thursday.|I have four different trains that would get you to Stansted Airport by 9:45 on Thursday. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave, just so I arrive by 09:45.|How about TR7966? It leaves at 05:40?
Sure. can i just get the travel time and departure time please|Train TR2547 arrives at Stansted Airport Thursday at 8:08. Travel time is 28 minutes, and you would leave at 7:40. Can I book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Please let us know if there is anything else we can help with.
I need a train that leaves on Sunday from London Liverpool Street.|My earliest train is leaving at 5:39 am and arriving at 7:07 am. Is that acceptable?
That should work! thank you, goodbye.|Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything in the future.
Hi, I'm going to visit Cambridge and am interested in finding a cheap restaurant that serves international type fare.|There is only one restaurant that fits what you are looking for and is called The Missing Sock. Would you like to book there?
Where in Cambridge is The Missing Sock located?|The Missing Sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their postcode is cb259aq. Would you like to reserve a table there?
Sure but can I also have the phone number as well?|Of course. It is 01223812660. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like a train that arrives at Cambridge at 17:30|Before we get to the train, you mentioned wanting to make a reservation at The Missing Sock. Would you like to do that?
No, I don't need a reservation there. I do need a train from cambridge on thursday. I'll be going to Norwich, and I need to get there by 17:30.|TR8604 will be arriving at norwich by 16:55 on Thursday. That is the closest to your requested time, would you like to book?
Yes please I would like to book.|Great how many tickets will you need?
I need 3 tickets please.|Your booking was successful.  The total is 52.8 GBP, payable at the train station.  Your reference number is R22NVXLA.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is it, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian restaurant?|Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
Is there anything near the centre? I'll need the postcode and phone number as well.|there no such restraunts in the centre
Really? No moderately-priced Indian restaurants at all?|No, there are none. I have cheap and expensive Indian restaurants in the center of town, but nothing in between.
OK, just get me a train. The train should arrive by 17:15 and should leave on Wednesday.|i have 245 trains that arrive by 17:15. where will you be departing from and where are you going?
I will be leaving from ely to cambridge.|Train TR5348 will depart at 5:35 would you like me took book it fore you ?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you, good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service danish food. Any suggestions?|There are no matches, can I look up something else?
Then, how about a place that serves mediterranean food?|I think you would like The Gardenia, it is located in Centre with a telephone number of 01223356354. Can I help you more today?
Yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? I'd like it to be on Wednesday at 17:00, please.|I will get that reservation made. Is there anything else I can assist with?
I need help finding a train departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester. Can you help?|When would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday in the morning.|Train TR6105 leaves Cambridge to Leicester Monday morning at 6:21, would you like me to book this for you?
Oh, I need to change the day to Friday for the train to Leicester and it needs to arrive by 17:45.  Do you have something on that day?|TR0552 departs 15:21 and arrives in Leicester on Friday at 17:06. Would this suit you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me a reference number.|I've booked you 7 seats on the TR0552. Your reference is CQ3FE1GX and the fee of 264.59 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all?
No, I also need to find a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.|I have 2 3 star hotels available, one in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for information on an attraction called lynne strover gallery.|It's in west and it is free to get in. Is that all?
What type of attraction is Lynne Strover Gallery and what is the address of the Gallery?|Lynne Strover Gallery is a museum located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge after 16:30.|I can help you with that. What's your destination and what day and time would you like to leave?
It is going to peterborough and should leave on thursday and I need it to leave after 16:30.|I have the TR8132 which leaves at 16:34. How many tickets please?
I would like 4 tickets please.|Tickets are 16.50 pounds each.  Would you like me to reserve your tickets?
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.|Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.|We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south.|The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.|Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I need to arrive by 18:00, please.|Train TR9531 leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 17:01. That is the last train of the day. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets.|Your reference number is 4HRLU45B, is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need from you, Thanks!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called shanghai family restaurant.|Yes I have it here. They are in the centre of town, moderately priced. When would like to reserve a table for?
7 People at 19:15 and can we do that on monday?|Your reservation at shanghai family restaurant this monday at 19:15 for 7 people was successful. Your Reference number is : QH390F14.
Thank you for booking that for me.|My pleasure! anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Cambridge.|Where are you headed, and at what time of day?
I would like to get to Ely by 17:45, please.|Train TR4447 is available. It leaves at 15:50 and arrives by 16:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, I'll need it for 7 people|confirmation # is ttc5x0up, anything else today?
Thats everything thanks for the help|Terrific. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Mexican food.  Preferably, some place that is cheap to moderately priced. Are there any in that area?|I'm sorry, my system is not allowing me to look up Mexican Restaurants in the Center of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm not looking for a restaurant right now, I'm actually looking for a train. I need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on Saturday after 15:15.|I have found 9 available trains. The first leaves at 15:40 and they leave every hour after that. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes the 15:40 sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people please?|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, could you get me some information about museums in the area?|We actually have 23 restaurants in town! Is there a certain area you'll be in?
I'm not looking for a restaurant, I want a museum. You can choose it.|How about the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, in the centre? Admission is free.
Great. Could you also get me their postcode?|The postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all that I needed today.|It was a pleasure to assist you.  Have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge and looking for places to go in town. Can you assist?|Definitely. We have many attractions in Cambridge. What type of place are you looking for, or in which area of town?
I would like to visit a college.  I'm not sure what area, where are most located? Also, please provide the entrance fee.|Most colleges are located in the centre area, the entrace fee varies, anywhere from free to 2.50 pounds.
Great info. I need help with a train to london kings cross that leaves after 14:00.|What is your departure day and site?
It will be from cambridge on saturday.|There are 5 trains travelling that route at that time. When do you want to arrive?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive|Alright. Trains from cambridge to kings cross leave on the hour every other hour, starting at 15:00 and running to 23:00. Would you like to book a trip?
Yes, can I get the train ID please?|We will get you setup on train ID TR6203, arriving in london kings cross at 15:51.
Great! I will go ahead and book it on my own but thanks so much for the information. That's all for today.|Hey, it's no problem at all! I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge and please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need to!
I am looking for a train. I need to leave on Tuesday and want to arrive by 20:45.|Where are you departing from? And where would you like to go?
I'm heading to Cambridge, and I'd like to leave from peterborough.|The last train into cambridge before 20:45 is the TR2673, arriving at 20:38. You would leave peterborough at 19:48.
That will do, what is the price and train ID?|The price is 16.50 pounds. The train ID is TR2673. Shall I book it for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though that has free parking and expensive. Do you have anything like that there?|I've got 5 hotels here that fit your criteria, including 2 four star hotels. Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes, please tell me about the four star hotels, the cheaper of the two.|I have the Huntingdon Marriott in the west and the University Arms in the center. Both are lovely hotels. Would you like to book a room?
No, that's okay, I think that will be all for today, thank you!|You are welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|There are 10 cheap places to stay with free parking. Do you want particular area of town?
The area does not matter, but it should have a 4 star rating.|The alexander bed and breakfast fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room for how many days and guests/
Please book for 3 people for 5 nights, starting from Monday.|3 people staying at alexander bed and breakfast for 5 nights, starting monday. Your confirmation number is 53R0PQMZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i also need a train that departs from stevenage and goes to cambridge.|Which day and time would you like this for?
I want it for monday and to leave after 19:15|There is a train on Monday at 19:54.
Yes, please book it for 3 people|Your train booking at 19:54 was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : W0FCJ48S. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thank you for your help.  That is all for today.  Have a great day!|Great. Let me know if you need any additional help.
I need  a train that leaves for Ely on Friday.|What time do you need to travel to Ely?
I need to arrive in Ely before 11:30. I would be leaving from Cambridge.|There are 3 trains that fit that criteria - is there a specific time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I would like to book a train that will arrive in Ely before 11:30.|TR8792 departs Cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would you like a ticket on that train?
I also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.|We have several guesthouses, one hotel and one lodge that meet that criteria.
Do any of them have 3 stars?|Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has only three stars. It is a guesthouse in the north part of town. Would you like me to book you here?
No, but I do need the address, postcode, and phone number.|Sure, The Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road, cb41da.  You can call at 01223365664.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you.|TR8792 is the latest departing train on Friday. It departs at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Do you want to depart earlier?
I didn't need a train. I have everything I needed now. Thank You for your help.|No problem. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a train ride to peterborough that departs from cambridge|There are many available, is there a specific day and time you'd like to leave on?
Sorry going to peterborough to cambridge friday and would like to get there by 16:45 please.|I would recommend train TR9859 that arrives at 05:56.
Yes, thank you, can I get the price for that please?|The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I book you a ticket?
i would also like places to go in the centre of town|Sure, what type of places are you interested in?
Anything that seems fun in the centre. Maybe a museum?|I have 11 different museums. Might I suggest the Primavera. It just began displaying a new set of exhibits. Would you like more info on it?
I need the phone number, postcode, and address.|Sure, it's located at 10 king s parade cb21sj and can be reached at 01223357708. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|What day and time?
Leave after 17:00 on Sunday.|Train 8665 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings lynn at 17:58.  How does that sound?
Great. Please book it for 4 people.|I have booked that for you! The reference number is C63RMSDC and you will owe 31.36 at the station. Do you need anything else?
I would also line places to go that is entertainment and should be in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, there are no such places.  Can I change your search criteria?
Yes there is. I saw it in the pamphlet. Check again please.|I apologize. I have doubled checked and there is no entertainment venues in the centre. The entertainment venues that I do have are located in the east, south and west.
I'm quite sure that there are colleges in the centre of town. Can you ask a manager to help you look?|Okay there is the Christ's College located at Saint Andrew's Street and it's free.  Also Corpus Christi College, King's Parade cost 2 pounds.
Hello, can you help me with my plans as far as finding a place to stay?|Of course, do you need anything specific?
Yes. The hotel should be 4 stars and located in the west with free parking please.|We have three choices, any other preferences?
As long as it is a hotel, I would like to book it.|How many nights and for how many people?
I would like it starting Thursday for 8 people for 5 nights.|I will need the day you want to arrive.
I will need to be there on wednesday.|There are 2 hotels available, The Huntingdon Marriott and the Cambridge Belfry. Do you want an expensive hotel or a cheap hotel?
I'm sorry I actually need it for Thursday, sorry.  Any price range is fine.|Okay. Your booking at the Cambridge Belfry was successful. The reference number is LJOEY6H2. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from bishops stortford and should go to cambridge.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time isn't the issue, but I have morning meeting so I can't leave bishops stortford until after 12:15 .|There is a train leaving at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price and travel time?|The price is 10.10 pounds, and the travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much. I think that's all I need now.|Have a safe trip.
Thank you for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That was all I needed.|Ok! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.|I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?|There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?|No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
Try a different area.|The Cambridge belfry is available in the west.
That sounds good can you book 8 people for 4 nights from thursday?|You're all set at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is : LEMRQ8IA. Anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I need a train to Cambridge. Please get me one that arrives by 08:30|Where are you departing from?
Departing from Norwich. I need a booking for eight people.|What day did you want to travel?
On Thursday, please.|I have train TR0256 leaving at 5:16 and arriving at 6:35.
That will be great. Can you book me 8 tickets please?|Your booking was a success. Reference number is: NLA2CG5S and total fee is: 140.8 GBP.
I need to book a train.  I need it to leave on Sunday after 21:30.  Can you book this for me?|Where will you be departing from? And where is your destination?
I'd like to go from Norwich to Cambridge, please.|There are 2 trains leaving on Sunday. One leaves at 22:16 and arrives at 23:35 and the other leaves at 23:16 and arrives at 24:35. Do either of these work?
Yes. Go with the 22:16. Book it for 7 people please.|Booking was successful. The fee is 98.56 GBP and the reference number is MINORHOQ.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!|You're welcome. It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a boat attraction in the south.|There are plenty attractions to choose from.
Any in the south?|I am not finding a boat attraction in the South.  There are other types of attractions.  Did you have anything else in mind?
Sure, how about a theatre attraction?|The Junction is a theatre in the south side on Clifton Way. Would you like more information about it?
Okay, thank you. May I get the entrance fee please? And also the address?|I'm sorry, I not have the information about the entry fee.
Okay.  Can you just provide the address?|The address is simply Clifton Way. No number.
I need a train on sunday from cambridge to kings lynn. I'd like to arrive by 09:45. How long is the travel and what is the price? What is train ID?|I can put you on TR8042 leaving Cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58.  It will take 47 minutes and costs 7.84 pounds.
No, I don't need the booking today.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you!|Thank you, I'm glad that I could help!
Hi, I am looking for architectural churches in the Cambridge area. Can you assist?|I have several churches listed, although none shown as architectural. May I offer a list for your consideration?
Yes that would be great.|It appears that there are not any located in Cambridge.  Would you like me to find you one outside of Cambridge?
Sorry, I needed to find a museum in town. Can you help me with that instead?|I recommend Byard Art Gallery in the south. It's free to get in!
Could I have the phone number please? I also need a train leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Saturday, leaving by 13:15.|011223464646, is the phone. When will you travel?
I will travel on Saturday.|unfortunately the earliest train that day leaves at 14:01. would that be ok?
I need to ARRIVE by 13:15. Tickets for 3 and the reference # too please|I have you book at TR7683 leaving at 10:01 your confirmation number is A2H0EFPT. anything else i can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help today.|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
I need to find a Train leaving on Friday from London Liverpool Street and arriving in Cambridge.|I have 10 trains as options. Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
Yes I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|The TR5015 will get you there by 15:07.  Would you like me to book you some seats?
No thank you, may I please get the travel time of TR5015?|The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what time does that train leave?|It would depart at 13:39 and arrive in Cambridge at 15:07.
Please book it for me.I also need a place to stay,a guesthouse  with free parking ?|I have booked the train for you. The reference number is JN7FFTTY.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find someplace?|Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't need any specific area, just need a guesthouse that is cheap and includes free parking.|I have 33 entries that match your request.  Do you have a star rating preference?
No I don't. Pick any of the 33 and give me the address and area, please.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4-star guesthouse in the center, how does that sound?
Can you tell me what area it's in? And can you give me an address?|Alexander bed and breakfast in found in the center of the town. Their address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all the information I need for Cambridge. You have been a great help!|We hope you enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for information on a restaurant name Rice House.|I have pulled up rice house from our database. What would you like to know?
I'd like to reserve a table for 7 on Thursday, at 11:15. Are you able to book that for me please?|I am unable to book for that day or time slot.  Is there another day or time that would work for you?
What about 10:15?|I was able to book a table for 7 at Rice house at 10:15 on Thursday. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your confirmation number is DAKQ9ZBN.
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train leaving after 11:45 on Friday.|I have many trains leaving Cambridge after 11:45 on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Kings lynn.|TR2621 leaves at 12:11 going to Kings Lynn. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me the reference number|You are booked.  Your reference number is BL1TV17C.  Anything else?
No, I am all set. Thanks!|Thank you, please enjoy your visit!
Hello, I'd like some information about colleges in the area that are interesting to visit|Which area do you prefer?
I don't care, do you have any suggestions?|I suggest Christ's College in the center area. Entrance is free.  The address is Saint Andrew's Street, the phone is 01223334900.  Would you like the postcode?
Thanks. I also need  train going to cambridge on tuesday.|Where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Leicester, and the train should arrive by 10:45 please.|Ok, there are 4 trains that meet that criteria, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I depart, please book me one that is closest to the 10:45 arrival in cambridge. I just need one ticket.|Certainly, I have booked TR4734 arriving at 09:54 your reference number is  VZ5HHW3E. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Have a great day.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I'd like to find a train to peterborough.|There are 266 trains going to Peterborough. Can you give me a departure day and time so that I can narrow down your choices?
I am looking to go from cambridge, and go on friday arriving by 14:30|Okay, how about the TR5901 leaving at 13:34 and arriving at 14:24 with a duration of 50 minutes? The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect!|Great, how many tickets would you like to purchase?
7 tickets please. Can I also have the reference number for the booking?|Your tickets are all booked, reference number R5P65TW5
Thank you so much.  That is all I will need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking information about a train in Cambridge.  Needs to arrive by 21:00 and leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
I will be going from Ely to Cambridge.|TR1537 will arrive at 19:52. Would you like a ticket on that train?
Not just yet.  Can I get the cost and departure time?|TR1537 will be leaving at 19:35 and the ticket is 4.40 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
Yes. I am also looking for a 3 star hotel in the north.|I'll be happy to assist you with finding a hotel. Would you like to get the train tickets first?
No, I don't need train tickets right now.|I have a Hamilton Lodge available in the north, with a 3 star rating.  It's moderately priced.  It's located at 156 Chesterton Road. Will this work for you?
Is it a guesthouse? I don't want to stay at a hotel.|Yes it is. Would you like me to book that for you.
Does it include free parking and wifi?|I have one guesthouse with both wifi and free parking at Hamilton Lodge. Does this work for you?
What is the price and how many stars does the guesthouse have?|The hamilton lodge has 3 stars.
Sounds great, thanks! That's all I need today. Goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by 12:15.|I can book you for an arrival time by 12:07 on Friday, is that a good time?
Does that train leave from Cambridge?  I need something on sunday.|Train TR1478 departs from Bishops Stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 12:07, would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I would need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G32O0XHA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel. It does not need to have free parking.|Certainly, there are ten hotels. Do you have a preference of type, or area?
Yes I would like to stay on the East side of town.|We have 3 for you to choose from. Do you have any further preferences?
Yes, is there one that has free parking?|I have 3 of them that offer free wifi in the East. I have the Autumn House, Leverton House and Allenbell. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes book the Autumn House for 3 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|You're all set, you're booking reference is 8ED0YD26. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Okay Thank you very much for calling!
That was great service, good day to you.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I need to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge,  can you help me?|Yes, what day will you be traveling?
monday, after 11:15|There are 13 trains that match. Shall I reserve any tickets for you?
Can you reserve 6 tickets on the next train after 11:15?|I reserved you 6 seats on the TR5754. It leaves at 11:24. The total fee of 60.59 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is : 1IBJMMM8
Great sounds perfect!! Thank you so much for all your help.|No problem. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.
i am looking for a train. The train should go to ely and should depart from Cambridge.|Of course, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave after 09:00 on Sunday.|There are many departure times available. Did you have a specific time in mind?
I just need to leave after 9:00. Can you book for 7 people?|You are all booked for 7 people on TR1159 leaving at 9:50 and arriving by 10:07. Reference #433N59V4. Fee is 24.64 payable at the station. Anything else?
That's all for today. Thanks for your help!|Your welcome.  Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking to leave for bishops stortford after 15:15 by train.|Certainly. Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge.|I have several trains, when would you like to arrive by?
The arrival time does not matter, but it should leave on Sunday after 15:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : V6E0H0GJ. Is there anything else I can help with?
Were you able to book it for 4 people?|I was able to book 4 tickets. The total fee will be 32.32 pounds, payable at the station. The reference number is BPUJ9ISP. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay no that is all today.|Thank you for using our system!
Hello. I'm looking to take a train into Cambridge at 7:15 PM.|No problem. Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Kings Lynn on Friday.|Great, I can look that up for you! Do you want to catch the train after 7:15, or do you need to be in Cambridge by 7:15?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 19:15.|There are three trains that leave for cambrdige before 7:15. One is at 5:11, one at 6:11, and one at 7:11. Would one of these work for you?
Let's go with the one that leaves at 7:11. Can you tell me what the price is?|It is 9.80 pounds and it is a 47 minute ride. Would you like me to book a train for you?
No thanks, but I do need the trainID, please. Then let's talk hotels.|Yes the train ID for the 7:11 is TR3858.
I also need a room at a hotel in the west that has free parking. It should be 4 stars and cheap.|There are 8 hotels with those features are there any other features you want in order to narrow it down?
Not really any other preferences, what would you recommend?|I recommend the allenbell guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll need the reservation to be for 1 person staying for 3 nights. I'd like to arrive the same day as my train please.|Your hotel is booked. Your reference number is EBQN22N5. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all! Thank you!|have a great day!
Woah, wait, the train needs to arrive by 7:15, not depart. I doubt the train ride is 4 minutes, right?|The train will arrive by 7:15pm (19:15) and is 47 minutes long, not 4 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, as long you tell me I'll be on time, I should be good.|Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
That's all I needed thank you very much!|You are welcome, have a great time with your Cambridge adventure.  Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.
I need a train leaving on a Sunday and arriving by 21:15.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be traveling?
From London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|TR1681 will arrive at 20:08, would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good.  Please book a ticket on TR1681 for 6 people for me.|The booking was successful, your reference number is EAWIQ7HX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for places to see in the south.|There is a  cinema, two entertainment facilities, a museum, and a nightclub. Would you like more info about any of those?
Can you give me the address for the cinema?|Sure thing! You are looking for Cineworld Cinema and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Yes, can you provide me with their phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what's the entrance fee for the cinema?|Unfortunately I don't have the entrance fee information. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you know the entrance fees to any of the other places you mentioned?|I have information on two parks and one museum, these have free admissions.  I do not have entrance fee info on the others. Anything else?
Can you select your favorite of the two parks and provide me with their address and phone number please?|Wandlebury Country Park is spectacular. The address is Wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postal code CB223ae. Phone number 0122324830.
That is all I needed help with, thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I was wanting help with a place to dine in Cambridge.|We have quite a few restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as far as locale, price range, or cuisine type?
Yes, we would like something in the centre, expensive chinese food would be great.|Great, I have four options for you. I would recommend HK Fusion.
That sounds great.  Can you book me a table for two at 3 p.m. on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CJSEN5QP
Perfect. Now, please find me a train leaving after 13:00 on Monday|Certainly. Where will you be traveling?
I would be leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.|How about train TR1898 that leaves at 13:21?
Yes can  I please get the arrival time?|That train will arrive in Stevenage by 14:10. Will you be needing to purchase tickets?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would like to visit a college in the centre please.|There are 5 colleges in the centre. Christ's college is free, would you like more information on that?
Yes. I would like information on the other 4 colleges too.|Corpus Christi is at King's Parade and costs 2 pounds.  The other 3 are free.  Would you like their addresses?
No the Corpus Christi will do, could you just give me the postcode for that also?|The postcode for Corpu Christi is cb21rh.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I also need a train going to Stansted.|i have found 133 entries. could you be more specific so we can narrow it down? what day are you traveling?
Sorry.  I want to leave Cambridge on Sunday after 8:30.|Train TR8500 leaves Cambridge at 08:40 and will arrive at the airport by 09:08. Would that work for your schedule?
What is the price?|It's 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you for your help!|Okay great, have a nice day!
Can you tell me more about the attraction called cambridge museum of technology?|Yes, I have pulled up information on this. What would you like to know?
What part of town is it in? Do you have the postcode?|It is in the east and the postcode is cb58Id.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool street|On what day will you be travelling?
I leave on Monday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, do you have a time in mind for departure or arrival?
I would like to  leave after 14:00 on monday.|The TR3602 leaves at 15:59 and arrives at 17:27.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the information for right now.  Thanks for all your assistance!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a great day!|Great, glad I could help!
Hi, I need to find out information on trains leaving Cambridge and going to Broxbourne. Can you help me?|Yes the first train leaves at 05:01 the last at 09:01, did you have a particular time in mind?
I was looking to leave after 11:45 but it seems that it is not possible.|What day are you looking to depart?
I would like to depart Friday.|We do have many trains leaving after 11:45. TR4266 leaves Cambridge at 12:01. Would you like to book this train?
Er, sorry, I actually needed that train on Sunday, not Friday.|TR2939 leaves Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne at 13:01. For how many people would you like to purchase transport?
That's all the info I needed on the train, I am also looking for a place to stay with free parking in the north.|There are 11 places with free parking in the north. Would you like a recommendation or would you rather narrow down your search?
I also need free wifi, and I would prefer a hotel if that is possible|Ashley Hotel in the north is moderately priced with 2 stars and provides free internet and parking. It is a hotel. Would you like for me to book it? There is only one other hotel. It also has 2 stars. The remainder are guesthouses with free parking and internet mostly 4 stars.
Yes, can you book 4 nights at the Ashley Hotel starting on Wednesday?
 That is for 8 people.|I cannot process that booking, please change booking date or reduce the number of days.
How about a 3 day stay instead? Please get me the reference number if the booking is successful.|No problem. For 3 days at Ashley Hotel with 8 people, you reference number is V499X99C. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train on Friday to Cambridge|I would be happy to help you find a train.  Can you confirm where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from peterborough and it needs to arrive by 20:45.|TR9805 will arrive at 20:38, would that work for you?
Yes please book me tickets for 5 people|The booking was successful the price is 82.5 pounds your reference number is 7HQD6471. Do you need anything else?
I could use some help finding a museum to visit.|There are many lovely museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer a certain type of museum, or a particular neighbourhood?
I'm open to just about anything.  What's your favorite?|I quite enjoy Byard Art Museum located at 14 King's Parade.  It is free also.  Can I give you any more information?
Which area is it in? And can you also give me the post code?|Byard Art is south and the postcode is cb21sj.  Would you like information on another attraction?
No, that one sounds perfect, thank you.|May I help you with anything else, such as a restaurant?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you. Good bye.|It's been my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day.
Can you help me find a train leaving Stevenage on Thursday? Thanks.|Certainly.  What time do you need to be in Cambridge?
I need it to arrive by 13:15.|Train TR1163 is leaving at 05:54. would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the price?|It is 12.80 pounds.
Sounds reasonable enough. I'll book it myself but please find me some places to visit in town|Are you looking for a hotel?
No, looking for a pool in the centre in town.|Parkside pools is located at gonville place in the centre of town.
What's the address, postcode, and phone number for that place?|Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. They can be reached at 01223446100. Do you need anything other help today?
That is all thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Thanks. Enjoy your day too. Bye now.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free parking.|There are many high quality places to stay here, we have 19 4 stars places to choose from, any other preferences?
I would like it to be in the east.|Autumn house	is available, would you like to book that?
I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting on thursday. Can you please book that for me?|All set. Your reference number is TQA52SN1.
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge starting at 10:30|What is your destination?
I need to leave on sunday and my destination is london kings cross.|I'm sorry the earliest train I have on Sunday leaves at 11:59.
Could you check one more time? I'm departing cambridge and going to London kings cross. I should arrive by 10:30 on Sunday.|I have a train leaving at 7:59 and arriving at 9:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Please book for 7 people.|The booking was successful and 79.67 GBP will be payable at the station. Your reference number is GPU9OWRW. What else can I do for you?
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for calling. Please enjoy your trip to Cambridge, and let us know if there is any other way we can help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at, somewhere in the North End of the Cambridge area.|There are 5 expensive restaurants on the north side of town. What type of food would you like?
Any type of food is fine. Can you book a table someplace that sounds good? I need a table for 4 on tuesday at 19:30.|I have booked you a table for 4 on Tuesday at 19:30 at Saigon City, on the north end of Cambridge at 169 High Street Chesterton and your reference number is JARZR20Q if you need to contact them between now and then.
Thanks! I also need to book a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have many trains leaving from Cambridge to London kings cross on Friday. What time would you like to book the train for?
Uuh... actually, I'm headed to norwich from cambridge on Wednesday.|Sorry about the confusion on that, what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 12:00 please, what do you have available?|I have many different times available. The first one leaves at 12:26 followed by 13:36, 14:36, 15:36, and so forth until 23:36. Which time would you like best?
12:26 should be okay can I please get the train ID and travel time?|I apologize see that the TR5574 leaves Cambridge for Norwich Wednesday at 12:36 and arrives at 13:55. Will that work for you?
Thank you for that information, that is all I need at this time.|I'm glad I was able to help! Thank you for using the Help Desk. Have a great day!
My friend came here last year and told me a bout a place called camboats, can you give me more info?|camboats are boasts in the east.  Anything else I can help with?
How much is the entrance fee?|They don't list an entrance fee. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes please, could you tell me?|Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton and their phone number is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A train that departs from broxbourne and going to cambridge. Leaves monday after 09:00.|The TR0559 will get you here by 10:30.  Need a reservation?
Yes I need a reservation.|How many tickets will you need reserved for the TR0559?
I actually don't need a reservation. I just need the arrival and travel time please.|Your train will arrive at 10:32 and will travel for 60 minutes
That's all I need. Thank you for your prompt service. Goodbye.|thanks for using our services. great day
I need help finding a hotel, please.|I can help you with anything you need.  What hotel are you looking for?
I need a hote on the north with free wifi.|Ok, thanks for that information. What is your price range for the hotel?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.|We have quite a few hotels that meet your criteria.  May I ask if you have a preference of how many stars?
No star preference but it should also have free parking.|We have 9 options that meet your request. Do you want me to go ahead and book the cheapest for you?
Yes the cheapest will be fine,thank you|What area do you need to be in?
I would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be moderately priced and include free parking & wifi.|I have five places. Is there a star rating you prefer?
yes a 3 star rating at least|Hamilton Lodge is available, would you like me to book you?
No but I would like to find a train for Sunday going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge, leaving after 20:30.|Sure thing would you like me to book that for you?
First, may I have the postcode and address of the Hamilton Lodge, please? Then, I would like the train booked.|156 chesterton road, cb41da.  Now shall we finish booking the train?
Yes lets finish booking the train. I need to book for 4 people.|I have booked it Reference number is 8R9CJHWQ.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|I  hope you  have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|How about Cafe Uno, in the centre of town, 32 Bridge Street City Centre
Sounds good. Could you book me a reservation for 8, Friday, at 16:15?|I'm sorry, I'm unable to book you a table at 16:15. Would you like to try another time?
Maybe 15:15 work work then. Could you try that?|Your booking was successful. You have a table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BVU9ETYF.
Great, thanks!  Can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by 11:45?|Did you want that train for Friday?
Yes, I do. I'll be taking the train into Cambridge.|There are 6 trains leaving to Cambridge on Friday. We have one leaving at 10:16 and arriving by 11:35. Would that be okay?
That would be perfect! Please make a booking for 8 people.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 4ITZ3ZMO and the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great! That is all I need today.|Thank you. Have a good day.
I need a train leaving after 14:30 on Wednesday.|Where would you like to depart from?
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Kings Lynn from Cambridge.|There is a train leaving at 15:11 that will arrive at 15:58.  Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, please make the booking for me.|I have booked you one ticket to leave at 15:11 from kings lynn and arriving at cambridge at 15:58. Reference number is DLDQIR5G.
Actually I need a booking for 2 people total not just me.|Your reference number is DOX6TU6M. You may pay 19.6 pounds at the station. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need a place to eat that is in the north and should serves indian food.|I would recommend The Nirala. It is moderately priced and located on 7 milton road chesterton
Can I have the postcode for that restaurant to please?|Sure thing it's cb41uy.
Thank you! So much. That's all I needed help with.|you are welcome always
That's all I needed today, have a good day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We hope you have a pleasant visit.
Hey there, I want to get a train to Cambridge for Thursday please|Okay, from where are you departing?
I am coming in from the Stansted Airport.|What time will you need to be traveling?
I would like to arrive by 15:45, need the departure time and train ID.|Okay the TR2473 leaves at 14:24 and arrives by 14:52. It's 28 minutes.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an attraction in the centre area.|what type of attractions are yopu looking for?
multiple sports please. whatever that is.|Whatever it is, there is not a spot for in the centre, shall I search for something else?
How about a college instead?|Christ's College meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address and phone number please?|Yes, here you go saint andrew's street and 01223334900
Thank you. Is there an entrance fee?|Nope.  It's free!
Thank you for your help.|Welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a good day
I want to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel?
It will be on Friday.|I have trains departing as early as 05:11 in the morning and as late as 23:11 in the evening. Any time preferences?
I want one that leaves after 13:00|TR8494 leaves Cambridge at 13:11 and arrives by 13:58, will this suit your needs?
Can you help me find and insanely expensive restaurant located in the centre of town please?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Actually, sorry I got ahead of myself. I still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on friday after 13:00. I want to book for 5 people.|We have several.  Do you have a preferred arrival time?
No, I need to leave after 13:00|I have train TR8494 that leaves at 13:11 would that work for you?
That would be perfect! Can I have a reference number for the train?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JCZKJYT9. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, so that restaurant. I want something that serves fusion if possible.|I'm sorry I was unable to find a fusion restaurant. Would you like to try another type of food?
Yes please try mediterranean food.|I have two expensive mediterranean restaurants in the center. May I recommend shiraz restaurant for you?
OK. Can you give me their address and phone number?|Their phone number is 01223307581, and their address is 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'll have to think about it, but thank you.|You are more than welcome!
That's all I need, thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?|Do you have a preference on a hotel or guesthouse?
I don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 4 stars.|Do you have a preference for location or price range?
No, I'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 4 star, free parking, and doesn't need to include Internet.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your criteria and is on the North side of town.
That sounds great. Could I get the postal code, please?|Sure! The postal code is cd41da. Would you like to make a reservation?
I also need a train from Cambridge.|And when are you wanting to depart from Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I mispoke, I need a train to cambridge. I need to leave ely after 08:30 on thursday.|I have train TR2029 that will depart Ely at 09:35 and arrive in Cambridge by 09:52. Would this schedule interest you?
Perfect. I'll need a booking for 4 people.|Your tickets are reserved. The reference number is 7DX9JIIE. The cost is 17.60 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be it, thanks!|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I want to get a train going to bishops stortford.|And where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Saturday, and I need to leave after 10:00.|I have train TR9383 departing from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Saturday at 11:29, the cost of a ticket is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
maybe. what's the arrival time?|The arrival time for TR9383 is 12:07. Is that acceptable for you?
no. i'm looking for a particular attraction.|OK, what is the name of the attraction?
it's called gonville and caius college.|Gonville and Caius is located in the city centre.  Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes, could I also get the price for entry?|The address is trinity street and the phone number is 01223332400. The entrance fee is free!
What's the postcode please?|The postcode is cb21ta. How else can I help you today?
That's all I needed! Thank you!|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?|Sure. What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay on the westside, at a place with free parking and WiFi.|There is the Hobsons House.  It is nice and is a 3 star guesthouse.
Could you give me the postcode.|yes postcode is cb39lh
I need a moderately-priced place to stay. I don't care about parking.|Was there a particular section of town you were looking for?
No, as long as it is a hotel and not a guest house. It also needs to have free wifi please.|Ok, I'm showing three hotels in the moderate price range with free internet. I suggest the lovell lodge in the north.
i request you  to book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : PF88WYIU.is there anything you want me to do?
Was that the Lovell Lodge that was booked?|Yes it was, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i also need to book a train to Cambridge as well.|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|OK, we have ten trains that day, any time in mind?
I would like to leave after 15:30. I will need to book for 6 people.|I've got you all booked!  You have 6 tickets on the TR9802 for a total of 99.60 gbp and you can pay at the train station.  Anything else?
Can I get the reference number please?  I think that that will be all I need.  Thanks for your help!|I will get that number for you now.
I just need the reff number for the train you booked.  Same group of people will be needing tickets.|Of course. The reference number is FAE4OIMM. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that's everything for now. Thank you.|welcome anytime you wish to inquire anything
Can you get me the address to every hotel in the north. Thank you|There is only one hotel in the north area and its address is 365 milton road.
Thanks for your help, that's all I needed.  Have a good day.|you are welcome any time you need us
thanks alot, you are great|Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking an expensive restaurant in the center.|There are 33 different restaurants to chose from in your criteria. What type of food do you want?
Anything you can recommend would be fine.|If you're for something a little exotic, I recommend Bedouin, which is an expensive restaurant in the center of town serving African food.
That sounds interesting. Can you give me their phone number and postcode? Also, is there a train leaving at 11:45 on Wednesday?|Bedouin's phone number is 01223367660 and their post code is cb12bd. There are 256 train departures on Wednesday - where do you need to go?
I need to go from cambride to birmingham new street.|There are 12 departures. What time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to leave at 11:45|Unfortunately, I don't see anything for earlier.
Can you look again for 1 person?|Sorry, nothing before 12:01
What times are the 12 departures?|The train leaves on the :01 every hour starting at 10:01 with the final train leaving at 23:01
Okay, then I guess book it for 11:01 please. And I need a reference number please.|How many tickets do you need?
Just give me one.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP which is payable at the station. The Reference number is : VXSYVE96.
Wonderful! Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that will be all. thank you.|Alright. Have a good day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Ok, what kind of information about Cambridge do you need?
I would like a hotel that is in the north, has free parking, and is a guesthouse.|Acorn guest house is available, would that work for you?
Not sure. I'm strapped for cash, is it in the cheap price range?|city centre north b and b is on the cheap side or worth house.
Can you book one of them for 3 people?|What day will you be checking in and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday.|and how many nights?
For 5 nights please.|You are all set, the reference number is 439JME60, can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking at a train that departs Stansted Airport for 3 people.  Leaves Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 16:30.|Train TR9892 leaves at 5:24 and arrives by 5:52 would you like me to boko that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need three tickets, please?|I can work on booking that for you. I will be back with you shortly.
Were you able to book it?|You booking for 3 tickets on the TR9892 was successful. Your Reference number is : U5A2ZTWU.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to find an indian restaurant.|great, what area are you thinking of?
Actually, I just needed the tickets. That is all for now. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a train that leaves after 11:00 and goes to Cambridge|What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday from Norwich.|The earliest train leaves at 11:16 and every hour thereafter.  A ticket costs 14.08 pounds.  Can I help you book?
Please book the 11:16 train for 5 people and can I please have the reference number?|Alright, I have 5 tickets booked. your reference number is UDGBVRLM.
I also need to book accommodations. Something in the expensive range with a 3-star rating will do nicely.|There are two hotels that meet your criteria; the Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to book a room with one of these?
I need one that includes free parking, but it does not need to have internet.|Both the Gonville and the Lensfield have free parking and internet. The Gonville is central, whereas the Lensfield is in the south.
I think I would like the Gonville in the central area.|Okay, I will book for you then.  How many days and people, and would you like it to start the same day?
Yes, I'd like to book for 3 nights starting the same day. There will be 5 people.|I am afraid they have no bookings available. Would you like a shorter stay or different day.
Yes, let's try 2 nights and see if that works.|The booking was successful. The reference number is FWFEVQI8.
Thank you - that's all I need today. Have a great day!|My pleasure. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train going to Peterborough that leaves after 08:45? Thanks!|I can absolutely help you with that, what day will you be planning to travel and where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.|TR3211 leaves Cambridge at 09:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 09:56. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I actually need 3 tickets.  Please provide a reference number.|I booked you 3 seats on the TR3211 train departing Cambridge at 09:06. Your reference is YU1AWA94 and 39.59 GBP is due at the station. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for the hotel A and B guest house.|What would you like to know?
Do they include wifi, and can I get the postcode and phone number?|The A&B Guesthouse does offer free wifi!  And the phone number is: 01223315702.  The postcode is: cb12dp.
I need an information on a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.|There are several trains from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Saturday and get to Ely by 21:30.|The latest train will get you there by 20:17. It departs at 19:50. It is train TR6698. Would that work for you?
Can you tell me the price and travel time for that please?|It will cost 3.52 pounds and takes 17 minutes total. Would you like to book it?
No, I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|We have several cheap restaurants in the center of town. Do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I'm looking for something that offers light bites.|We don't have any locations that meet those specifics. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
How about asian oriental?|I highly recommend J Restaurant.  It has great prices on Asian Oriental food and is in the center of town.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please.  I need to book for 4 people on the same day.|What time would you like your reservation for?
I'd like to book it for 12:15 please.|Alright, I have your reservation booked at J Restaurant at 12:15 PM for 4 people.  Confirmation number is  ZB5SJ467. Is there anything else you might need?
May I also have the reference number please?|Your reference number is ZB5SJ467.
Thanks so much for all of your help.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. I need a train,The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on sunday|I can help you with that.  Do you have a time preference?
Yes I need to arrive by 14:30.|I have train TR9644 arriving by 14:23,is that good for you?
Yes could you please book it for me and get me a reference number?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket please.|I have 1 ticket booked on TR9644. The cost is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is CFPQ0W33. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an expensive hotel in the city centre.|Sure! Would you like to stay at the Gonville Hotel (3 stars), or the University Arms Hotel (4 stars)? Both have parking and internet.
Lets go with university arms, please book me for 1 person, 4 nights on sunday.|All set, the reference number is IFHSYRZN, any other questions today?
Which ever one you recommend. I'll need it booked for 1 person, Sunday, 3 nights please.|You're all set! Your reference number is IFHSYRZN
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Yes I am looking for a local restaurant to dine that will serve expensive european food|eraina has a really good menu. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please for one person.|What day and time would you like?
Perhaps I can call and ask a few questions. What is there phone # and address please?|Of course. Their phone is 01223368786 and they are at Free School Lane City Centre
Can I also get their postcode please?|Their post code is cb23rh. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for information on a train. I need to leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. I want to arrive by 13:45.|There are 8 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on your departure time from Cambridge?
I am not picky as long as I arrive on time.|The TR7430 leaves Cambridge at 12:11 and arrives at Kings Lynn by 12:58. Would you like to book tickets?
I would like to book for 8 people please.|I have your tickets reserved, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is: V6AXIQBL. Can I do anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello there. I am trying to locate a train for Monday.|Sure.  Where will you be going?
I am going to Cambridge.|All right, and where would you like to depart from?
I'll will be leaving from London Liverpool Street.|I've got 10 trains that are on that route. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I need on that will leave London after 21:00.|I have two trains that will leave after 21:00. One leaves at 21:39 and one leaves at 23:39. Which would you prefer?
What time does the one that leaves at 21:39 arrive in Cambridge? Also, what is the train ID?|The train ID is TR5906 and it arrives by 23:07 in Cambridge. Would you like me to book that one for you?
No I don't need to book it right now. Thanks for the information.|You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thanks though. Goodbye.|Let me know if you do need any more help. Good bye.
Hello.  I am interested in finding some good local restaurants.  Do you have any that you would suggest?|Cambridge has many wonderful dining options, is there a type of cuisine or price range that you are looking for?
I'm sorry, I actually need a train on Wednesday from Peterborough to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 10:00.|There are 8 trains that arrive before 10:00. The latest leaves Peterborough at 8:48 and arrives at 9:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes,please book it for 7 people.|Your train is booked for Wednesday at 08:48, the reference number is REINB4ERO.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town.|There are three restaurants.  Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer Italian please. Let me know what options you have for that cusine type.|pizza hut fen ditton offers italian cuisine.
Is that in the east in the moderate price range? If it is I would like a table for the same day for 7 people at 20:00 please.|Yes it matches all of your requests, however I'm very sorry that time is not available at pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like to try for another time?
Yes, I will try for a little earlier, how about 19:00?  I will need a reference number also.|I booked that for you and the reference number is: CXZ6IYHC.
Thank you that's all that I need!|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes. I do not need anymore assistance. Thank you.|Have a great day!
What good attractions are there in the city centre?|There are over 40 of them, many of which are free; did you have anything more specific in mind?
No, just pick something.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is a good attraction that is free. Would you like the address or directions?
Actually, can I get the address and phone number please?|Sure, it is located at 6 Trinity Street.  The phone number is 01223324222.  Can I help you further?
Yes.  I need to find a train to travel from Stevenage to Cambridge.|Okay, what day and what time would you like to leave? The ride is about 49 minutes and the train comes every two hours.
I need to leave Saturday and must arrive by 20:00.  I don't care what time the train leaves as long as I arrive on time.|I have train TR2442 leaving stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43.  Would you like to book this?
Yes, please. I need 4 tickets.|Great! That was successful and your booking reference number is NXSAEV12.
That should do it. thank you!|Ok great!  I hope that you enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a train to stansted airport that leaves after 21:30. I am also going to be looking for local places to eat.|There are several departures to Stansted Airport with one every hour beginning at 22:08.  Would you like for me to look up a local restaurant for you?
I will take a seat on the 22:08 departure as long as it departs from Cambridge on Friday.  Yes, please find a restaurant.|How many tickets shall I book for you on the 22:08 train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport?
5 people for the train please.|Great I have booked your tickets for 5 people leaving at 21:40 and arriving at 22:08. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range.|The fitzbillies restaurant is in the town center and it meets what you are looking for.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Perfect, can you book it for 5 people on the same day at 16:30?|Sorry, but they're all full at that time. Would you like to try a different time or perhaps another day?
Can we try for 15:30? I also need the reference number for the train booking.|Your reference number for the train is KVNAC7LA. I was able to book Fitzbillies for you at 15:30. Your reference number for the restaurant is UN2K2CD8. Is there anything else?
That's all, thank you.|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes, I'm sure. Thanks.|Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from the americas.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your requirements. Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Yes, let's look for an Italian restaurant in the same area.|I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't find any restaurant in this area that serve that type of food.  Are there any other types I can help you find?
Can you check again to see if there are any italian restaurants in the center of town?|There are 9 Italian restaurants which are centrally located, do you have a price range?
No, any of those are fine. Could I get the address for one of them?|Zizzi is located at 47-53 Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train that will be departing from Kings Lynn on Monday.|There are 19 trains leaving kings lynn on friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like a train headed to cambridge that arrives by 9:30.|Yes I have a train that arrives in Cambridge by 08:58. All other trains arrive after 09:30. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book 6 people. I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful for TR4758 , the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : S080H7HT. Is there anything else I can help with?
This is all I need for now, thank you.|Enjoy your trip!
i'm looking for a train leaving on thursday and arriving by 11:45|There is a train leaving Thursday from Kings Lynn at 10:11, arriving at Cambridge at 10:58. Would you like me to pull up other listings?
Can you look up trains departing from Broxbourne instead?|I would recommend TR0393 which leaves Broxbourne at 5:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 6:32.
Great!  Can you book 2 seats for me on that one?|Your train has been booked. Your total cost is 35.79, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQUCLNLA.  Can I help with anything else?
I need to book a room in a guesthouse that has free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses in town with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area of town or do you have a price range?
Not really but I do need a 4 star rating.|Do you have a price range in mind? And will you need wifi?
WiFi is not necessary, but I would like free parking. I'm looking for mid range pricing.|There are nine moderately priced guesthouses available. I suggest Home From Home, a 4-star guesthouse that comes with internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Sounds great! I'll need to book a room for 2 people, for 2 nights starting Thursday.|Excellent. You are all set, and your reference number is : 2GHO31DA.  Anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything thanks|I hope I could be of service today, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need information about a train.|Okay! Where would you like to go?
I need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 18:00, traveling from leicester to cambridge.|I have train TR1575 that leaves at 15:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:54. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you please book me for 3 people and get me a reference number?|I have booked you for 3 people on TR1575. Your reference number is Y4IU29UM. Can I do anything else for you?
Thanks, I need to find a danish restaurant in the centre of town|I am terribly sorry there aren't any, another type perhaps?
How about european food then?|Yes there are 4 results. How about hotel du vin and bistro?
What is the price range for hotel du vin and bistro?|That one is a moderately priced restaurant. It's fantastic!
I can't wait to try it. I'm not ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for your help. I'll call back. Goodbye.|Thank you, we'll be happy to help when you're ready to make a reservation. Have a great day!
I need to book a train|I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge.|Great, can you tell me where you will be departing from and which day you want to travel and at what time?
I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge on Sunday.|There is a train that leaves at 5:39 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, just for one person.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is DWZMV9KS.
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre please?|There are two that meet your criteria. The Backstreet Bistro, and The Slug and Lettuce. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
I'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for The Slug and Lettuce, just because its name is so awesome?|Their address is 34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. There is no phone number listed. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
No I just needed the information, thanks for your help you've be so helpful!|No problem, it was a pleasure assisting you today!
Hello looking to come out there. Currently trying to find a train that leaves on Wednesday so I may arrive by 9:00.|What is your departing location?
I will need to depart from Cambridge and will be going to Leicester.|I think the best option is TR9110.  It leaves Cambridge at 6:21 and arrives in Leicester by 8:06.
Ok.  I'll go with that one.|Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Not at the moment.  But I'm also looking for an architecture attraction to visit while in town.|There are five architecture attractions located in the centre. There are four that are free and one that costs two pounds, which price would you prefer?
I was actually wanting an architecture attraction in the east. Are there any?|unfortunately there aren't any in that area either. would you like to try a different area?
How about any museums in this area?|I have four different museums on the east. Three are free admission and one costs 5 pounds. Are you interested in further information about them?
Yes, please. Can you select one of the free ones for me, and then give me the address and postcode?|I suggest cambridge artworks, the address is 5 greens road and the post code is cb13ef.
Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye|Goodbye! I hope you enjoy your trip.
Hello, I need a train to come in at 8 am.|Where would you like the train to take you?
I need to leave from cambridge and get to Kings Lynn by 8:00 on Saturday.|The TR2973 leaves from cambridge on Saturday at 07:11 and arrives at kings lynn at 07:58. If you want one that leaves more time there is one an hour earlier.
That one will work, can you get me 7 tickets please?|Alright, I've booked that and it was successful. Your Reference number is D2D4VN6F and the total fee is 62.72 GBP. Anything else?
That's all for today. Have a great one!|Thank you, you have a great day as well. Let me know if you need help with anything else.
looking for a train going to Cambridge.|What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I am leaving on Sunday and need to arrive by 13:00|How about TR3350 that leaves at 05:17?
you can book it. get me the reference number too|W8YHJKSV is the reference number
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for using our services.
Looking for a train that leaves after 14:00|Sure, From where to where? And what day are you looking to travel?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford and would like to arrive in Cambridge.  I would like to depart on Saturday.|What time would you need it to arrive?
Doesn't matter for arrival time. I need it for 4 people though.|I booked you 4 tickets on TR4115, departing bishops stortford at 15:29 on Saturday, arriving in cambridge at 16:07. Ref#EHA6H5L3. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will be on the east side, can you recommend any places to go for me?|Sure, there are two entertainment places in the east. Cherry hinton hall and grounds and funky fun house. Would you like more information on those?
What type of attractions are they?|They are both entertainment. I also have 2 museums and a boat.
Could you tell me about the museums?|There is the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which costs 5 pounds to enter, and the Cambridge Artworks, which is free.
Can I get the phone number and postcode for both?|The phone number for Cambridge Artworks is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef.  The Cambridge Museum of Technology has the phone number 01223368650 and the postcode is cb58ld.
That's all the information I needed today, thanks for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs
I am looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.  Can you help me?|Of course! What day would you like to leave and what time would you like to arrive?
I am looking to arrive by 17:15 on tuesday.|I have found you a train that leaves at 15:54 and arrives by 16:43. Would you like this one?
Yes could you please book that for me for 8 people and provide a reference number for the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AIM1QZ4C.
Thank you! I also am looking for a place to eat at in the west area. I would prefer a nice expensive one.|We have many fine restaurants in the west, but I recommend Sala Thong, which serves Thai food. Would you like to book a table?
Is there any place to eat that serves Indian?|Which area are you referring to?
I would like it to be in the West of town.|Would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes please book it for 8 people on tuesday at 20:15|Which restaurant should I book? There are 5, in the west, that serve Indian food.
Can you suggest one that has an expensive price range, please?|Yes, I recommend Tandoori Palace. It meets your specifications. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Tuesday at 20:15. I'd also like the reference number, please?|I have the reservation booked at the restaurant. The reference number is 2YCEETCJ.
Thank you so much. I think that will be it for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Please find me a place in the South that serves Chinese food|I have 3 choices of chinese restaurants. 2 are more expensive and there is 1 option that is cheaper. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like the one in the cheap price range.|The Lucky Star is a chinese restaurant in the south in the cheap price range.
Sounds good. What is the address and phone number?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the phone number is 01223244277. Would you like to book a table? Or is there anything else I can help with?
I need to take a train that arrives by 15:00 on sunday.|I found 198 trains. where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Great, and where are you traveling to?
I need to get to Leicester.|There's one that departs at 12:21. Would you like to take that train?
YEs can you book that for me please?|Yes I can, how many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I actually just need the departure time please.|The train will leave at 12:21. Do you need any other information?
No, thank you very much.|you are welcome
Okay. Well goodbye then.|Thank you for calling and have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help plan your trip!  What do you need?
I need a train ticket going to cambridge from norwich on saturday anytime after 15:00|There are 9 trains traveling from norwich to cambridge after that time on Saturday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No it doesn't matter when I get there. Can you pick one, and make me a booking for three people? I need a reference number too!|Okay. I've booked you three tickets on the TR9724. Your reference number is J87QHBRM. You'll owe 42.24 at the station.
Thank you. I also need info on a place to go in the west. Any one will do. Just something to see.|You have a few attraction options in the west area; colleges, museums and even an entertainment attraction. Which one sounds best for your trip?
Can you recommend one and give their post code?|How does the Clare Hall sound? The postcode is cb39al.
That sonds great, thanks. Thats all I need for today.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving around 16:00 can you find this for me .|Sure, but do you mean the train is leaving cambridge? if so where would you like to go?
I am looking for a train to take me to Norwich coming from Cambridge. preferably after 16.00 on Wednesday.|The TR7047 train departs Cambridge for Norwich at 16:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
I might be interested in that. I just want to confirm. That leaves AFTER 16:00, correct?|Yes, TR7047 departs at 16:36 and arrives at 17:55. Would you like me to help you book a ticket for this train?
Yes. Also, I am looking for attractions in town center that provide entertainment|I'm afraid no attractions match that description. Could you like to check out other areas of the city?
OK, what about colleges in the town centre?|Unfortunately there are no colleges in the centre of the city. Would you like me to check in other areas?
No. I would like a place to go in the centre that is entertainment. Can you please check again?|Actually, I don't have any entertainment, but there are 13 colleges in the centre. 10 have free entrance and 3 have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can you give me two free options?|Sure, there's Pembroke College and Saint Catharine's. If you'd like to visit one of those I could give you the address.
Can you give me the phone number for Pembroke College?|The phone number for Pembroke College is 01223338100.
Thank you. Could you also give me the postcode and address of Pembroke college?|Certainly, pembroke college is located at trumpington street, postcode cb21rf. Can I assist you with anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!|It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a museum in the south.|The Byard Art is in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, thank you. May I have their phone number?|The phone number is 01223464646.
Can I also have the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge that will leave after 08:30. It should leave on Thursday, and I want to travel to Bishops Stortford.|I have 8 trains leaving after 08:30. The first one leaves at 09:29. Would you like me to book it?
Can I just get the price on that one?|The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|Let me know if I can be of further assistance.
I would like to find a train going to Leicester leaving after 18:30 please.|Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday|OK, i have TR8207, it has a trip duration of 105 minutes and is 37.80 pounds. Does that sound ok for you?
That sounds perfect. I will purchase the ticket at the station. Thank you!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I'll also be needing a place to stay. Can you find me a hotel type place? I don't need free internet.|I have many available options. What side of town would you like?
I don't mind where it is, but it should be 4 stars with free parking.|We have three options available would you prefer something cheap or expensive?
If there are any that don't have free internet tell me about that one, hotels usually start skimping on other things when they offer free internet.|They all have free parking and internet. I have Huntingdon Marriott in the west and expensive. Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west. And University Arms Hotel is expensive in centre.
The cambridge belfry sounds good as long as it is 4 star with parking. I will need a booking on sunday.|How many days would like to stay?
I would like to stay on Sunday for 1 person, 2 nights please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is R5YPRGU0. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!|You are very welcome. Have a great visit!
I'm looking for a train going to broxbourne please.|the train id is TR6549 and it leaves on friday
Is this all you needed?|It will be leaving at 5:01 and arriving at 6:01.
I would like to try something new, I am looking for an Irish restaurant, preferably in the moderate price range.|I am sorry their are no irish restaurants in my data base, may I help you with something else
Yes, I'd be willing to try international cuisine if you could find an establishment that serves it.|I have 2 in the centre of town,the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant
Could you give me the phone number and postcode for the Bloomsbury?|The phone number is 08719429180 and the postcode is cb23dt. Do you need anything else?
Yes.  I need to find a train going to Stansted Airport by 19:30.|Okay, what day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Monday|There are 14 trains on Monday from cambridge to stansted airport.  For clarification, do you want to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I need to arrive by 19:30.|The TR4964 arrives by 06:08 on monday, and is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you so much, that is all I need.|You're very welcome, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a special place, can you help?|I need just a little more information to help. I think all places in Cambridge are special, and I would like to be able to narrow it down for you.
I am looking specifically for Saint John's College.|sorry i dont have that in our list. is there something else i can do for you?
Okay, well I also need a train departing for Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have several trains headed to Cambridge on Wednesday. Where will you be departing from?
The train will be leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.|There are 10 trains running that route on Wednesday. Do you have a particular departure time in mind?
Yes at 11 am , can you bnook the the one close to that time|How about the 11:59 that will arrive by 13:27?  It is 16.60 pounds.
That will work can you book that for me.|do i book only one ticket
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, please confirm how many tickets you would like me to book, just the one?
No, please book for 8 people and can I get the booking reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 98NW4G1V. Anything else?
That's all I needed.|Wonderful, have a great day!
I am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are a large number of options to choose from. Do you have a preference for the type of food you would like?
No I'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. I need to make a reservation for 2 on Sunday.|What time would you like your reservation?
12:00 please, I will need a reference number. I also need a train that goes to stansted airport leaving after 10:30.|Okay. I have booked you for 2 at 12:00 at the Dojo noodle Bar on Sunday.
Great thanks so much. Can you give me the reference number and also I need to get a train when your ready.|The reference number is RLOFK7YF. What do you need for your train?
I need the train to leave Cambridge on Monday after 10:30 and go to Stansted Airport, and I need two tickets. I also need my reference number please.|There are 14 trains leaving Monday from cambridge to stansted airport after 10:30. The closest departure to that would be TR8207 leaving at 10:40. Shall I book this for 2?
Yes that is perfect, please also provide me with the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR8207, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is W7D3D21R. Is there any further assistance needed?
That should be all thank you|Have a great trip!
I'm leaving Cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on Monday.|Where would you like to arrive? I have some arriving at london kings cross on monday. There are other arrival places also available.
I need to depart for Birmingham New Street after 20:15. Thank you so much for your help, you're doing a wonderful job!|Okay there are several trains that leave after that time to the destination you listed. Would you like a reference number to one of them?
Yes I would like to book for 4 people and I need the reference number.|Would the TR2392 that arrives in birmingham new street by 23:44 be okay for booking?
That would be great thank you. I am also looking for halal food located in the Centre. Can you help me find one?|There are no restaurants matching your requirements in that area.
Can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the Centre?|There are several.  Do you have any food preferences?
Yes, please tell me about Italian food.|There are four expensive Italian restaurants in the centre region: Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, Clowns Cafedon Pasquale Pizzeria, and Caffe Uno. Would you like to try getting a reservation?
I would like to try Caffe Uno.|What time would you like your reservation for?
I would like the reservation for 14:45 for 4 people on Monday, please.|You are now booked for Cafe Uno. Your reference number is 0CTGEFMD.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
That's all I needed, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of Cambridge.|We have three cheap and moderately priced guesthouses on the south end, or one expensive hotel.
I would like a moderately priced place to stay, please. Also, I absolutely need free parking wherever I am staying.|Could I recommend aylesbray lodge guest house or bridge guest house?
Bridge guest house sounds great. I would like to book it for seven people and two nights starting friday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3D2YXAFF.  What else can I assist you with today?
I am also looking for a Train departing Stevenage on Friday.|There are several trains that depart from Stevenage on Friday.  What time of the day would you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave after 15:15.|There are 5 trains. The earliest matching your request leaves at 15:54 and arrives in cambridge by 16:43. Do you want to book?
Yes, please book tickets for 7 people on that train and absolutely do remember to send me the reference number too|Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is 9BT7493G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Not a problem. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town.|Moderately priced options in the north are abundant. Do you have any particular preferences or needs I should enter into the system to narrow it down?
The hotel should be a guesthouse, in the 4 star range|We have plenty of options. Any other preferences?
No. Do you have any suggestions?|I would book from acorn guest house, with 4 stars. Is that okay?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you book that for Wednesday. I have 2 people and want to stay 3 nights.|Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can we try for 2 nights instead. I'll need the reference number too.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : YH1D51ZS. May I help with anything else?
Yes, are there any trains leaving town after 13:45 on Friday?|Where will you be leaving from and going to?
I am leaving from cambridge to bishops stortford.|I have several trains that will work for you. You can arrive as early as 16:07 or as late as 24:07.
Can I have the train ID and price for the first train after 13:45?|TR2730 is the train ID. May I go ahead and book that for you?
NO thanks, no need to book for now.   That is all of the info that I need.|Ok great.  Anything else you need?
Can i have the price as well.|That trip would be 10.10 pounds per ticket.
Thank you goodbye.|You are welcome, have a great trip.
Hi, could you possibly help me find a train for my upcoming trip?  I've been put in charge of the plans.|I can help you with that, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, going to Broxbourne. I would like to leave after 17:45 on Thursday.|There are five trains that meet your needs. Te earliest arrives by 19:01, the latest arrives by 24:01. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
May I please have the price first?|The ticket price is 17.90 pounds.What else may I do for you?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free parking.|I have three hotels that meet your needs.  Is there a specific area you'd like to be in?
Broxbourne. And is should have free parking in the CHEAP price range. I am very frugal|There is The Cambridge Belfry located in the west. I'm not sure if this is the area you're looking for. Would you like more information?
What is the postcode? I want to make sure I don't have any enemies in the area.|The post code for the cambridge belfry is: cb236bw
Hi there. I am looking to find a train to get me to Cambridge. Can you help with that?|yes i can where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Birmingham new street on Sunday.|I have several options on Sunday starting at 05:40 and leaving every hour.  Do you have a particular departure or arrival time in mind?
Do you have a train leaving Sunday at 19:00?|Starting at 19:40 there are trains every hour through 23:40. Would you like to book a seat on one?
What time does it arrive and whats its ID?|TR2026 arrives by 22:23
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. What do you have in the way of cinemas, in the center?|There is the Vue Cinema in Centre off of East Road. Would you like me to check what is playing and book tickets?
No, if you can give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode, I'll do it myself.|They are located at the Grafton Centre, East Road. Their postcode is cb11ps. Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee. But, you can contact them at 08712240240 for that info.
Thank you for the information.|Is there anything else I can help you with, today?
That is all, goodbye.|Have a great day!
I need a train from kings lynn to go to cambridge|What day will you be traveling on?
saturday and I want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving kings lynn and going to cambridge|The TR9346 leaves at 14:11. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, please book for one person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CJ3UDSFH.
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve spanish food|There is one place available. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please book for 1 at 19:00 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LBSSZORN.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you have a great day.
Hi I need a train for Saturday please.|Alright I have 404 entries for saturday  . Do you have a particular time or departure site in mind ?
I need to depart from Stansted Airport on Saturday after 13:45.|And where will you be going?
I am going to cambridge.|There are 8 trains available, do you have a specific departure time in mind?
Yes, I would need to depart sometime after 13:45. What do you have available?|How about the TR4230 train? It leaves at 14:24 and arrives at 14:52.
Yes, that will be fine. I would like to book the train for 2 people please.|Okay, I've booked 2 tickets for you, and your reference number is EO86W7MK.
Fantastic, I'd also like a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, please.|Asian or british food?
I would like Japanese food please.|I am afraid I don't show any japanese restaurants in the centre area. Do you have another preference?
Maybe modern european?|I do have 2 options for modern european. Would you like to see reviews of those?
Just pick the one you like best and provide its phone number and address please.|riverside brasserie is a great choice! They're located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane you can reach them at 01223259988.
Thank you, that should be all today, thanks!|It was a pleasure helping. Thanks for using our service. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that will be going to london kings cross on Wednesday.|There are ten trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in London Kings Cross on Wednesday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I need it to arrive by 18:00.|How about TR8676 that leaves at 19:00?
i want to book for three people. help me get the reference number too|I'm sorry for the confusion, that train won't arrive by 18:00. TR3843 will arrive by 17:51, does that sound like it will work?
Yes, please book for 3 people. I will need a reference number also.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : H6YK4BJL.
Thank you for your help!|You're certainly welcome. My pleasure, sir. Anything else I may do for you today?
You've covered it all. Thanks a million. Goodbye.|Happy to be of service. Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.
I need a train leaving cambridge I want to be at my designation by 17:45.|What is your destination site and what day are you planning to travel on?
I need to arrive in birmingham new street by 17:45 on wednesday.|I have train TR5558 arriving on 17:44 is that okay?
Yes, that will work. Can I make a booking for 7 people please? I will need a reference number.|Yes I will get a confirmation number for 7
Thanks. Again, it is for Wednesday.|Booking was successful for TR5558. The total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 7GOR98HS. Do you need further assistance with anything?
Thanks. I am also looking for a cheap Chinese restaurant. Can you help me with this?|Would you prefer in the Centre or South area?
South area please.|I have found The Lucky Star that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please for Wednesday at 14:45.|How many people will be in your party?
For all 7 of us, and I'll need the reference number for that as well.|Great. Your reference number is TIA1WMSZ.
Thank you for all your help. That will be it for now.|Thank you is there anything else today that I can help you with?
Thanks for you help. That is all.|Have a good day!
Hi, I'm trying to find a moderate turkish place to eat at. Is there anything like that?|There are two restaurants that fit your criteria. The Anatolia and the Efes Restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
Are either of those in the centre of town?|Yes, they both are.
Okay. Can you book me a table for 4 at the Anatolia?|Sure. What day and time would you like?
I need it for Saturday at 14:15.|Your table has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is N25GQTNZ. Can I help with anything else today?
I need a train departing from Peterborough on the same day as the restaurant booking.|There are lots to choose from. What time would you like to arrive or depart by?
I want to arrive by 11:30. Departure time doesn't matter, but I'd like to know what time.|I have located several options for you. All trains cost 13.20 pounds and 50 minutes long. Trains leave from 7:48 to 10:19 for arrival by 11:30. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the 10:19 train please. thank you.|Great. I was able to book you into that seat and your reference number is UCWR9ZCJ.
Thank you, have a nice day.|You're most welcome.
I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?|Ok, and where are you heading to?
I am heading to Ely.|What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry.  I need to leave after 16:00 going to London Liverpool Street.|The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.|I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please|There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you?
I am looking for something to do in Cambridge, can you help me find something?|I have a lot to do there, any specific types of attractions you would prefer?
I would like to go to a nightclub.|There are 6 night clubs in the city centre. I would recommend club salsa which is located at 1 station road.
May I have the phone and please tell me how much it costs to get in.|Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and they can be reached by phone at 07782218745, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and arrives by 21:00 on Saturday at Cambridge.|TR4967 arrives by 20:32	, would you like me to book you passage?
What time does the train depart from Broxbourne, and how long is the travel time? Also, do you know how much it would be?|The train departs from Broxbourne at 19:32 and travels for 60 minutes. The total would be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you.|Okay. Enjoy your journey.
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Find me a hotel like that with a star of 4.|Okay. Would you like to stay on the west side of town, or the centre?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I'm sorry but I don't have any hotels that match your criteria in that area, would you like to try another part of town?
Can you double check for a 4 star, south area hotel with free wifi and parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses matching your requirements, one cheap and one moderate. I recommend the moderately-priced Aylesbray Lodge.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a train for Friday.|We have 2,828 entries for a train.  Could you narrow it down to what you need?
I need to get a train that will arrive by 13:30 heading to cambridge from norwich|What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|how many tickets?
Just for myself please.|We have trains leaving every hour from 05:36 to 11:36. How early do you want to leave?
It doesn't matter as long as i arrive by 13:30.|The first train leaves at 5:36.
Can you book it for me?|You are booked on the 05:36 train on Friday. Reference number TR2534. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number please.|Sure, your reference number is 2UBIWV3N. May I assistance you with anything else today?
No that is everything, thanks for all your help. Goodbye|Have a safe trip.
I'm looking for a train that goes to cambridge, leaving after 12:30 on monday|From where will you be departing?
I am leaving from Ely.|I have the TR4849 train leaving Ely at 13:35 on Monday.
What will be my arrival time in Cambridge and what is the ticket price, please?|The price is 4.40 pounds. You will arrive at 13:52.
Perfect, could you also assist me in finding a place to stay?|I sure can. What area would you like to stay?
Oh I'm not picky on the area. I definitely need free wifi, moderate price, and 0 stars though.|How about cityroomz? It is located in the centre of the city, is moderately priced, has 0 stars, and has free wifi. I think it would be perfect ofor you!
That's perfect I need it booked for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Monday.|You are booked and your reference number is QUJQMRK7. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.
Hello, I will be in Cambridge later on this week and I can't seem to find King's college. I am not sure how to find it, can you help?|Yes, Kings College is in the center of town and the address and postal code is King's Parade, cb21st respectively.
And what's the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee, Kings College is FREE!
That's great! Can you also help me find a train going to norwich?|I found 133 trains going to norwich, what date, time or station will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave on Sunday and depart from cambridge.|There are 19 that leave on Sunday from Cambridge. Do you want to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15.|I have a train that departs from Cambridge at 13:38 and arrives in Norwich by 14:55. Would you like to place a booking?
I would like to make a booking for 7 people please.|I've booked you on TR8185, for 7 people. It departs Cambridge at 13:36 and arrives in Norwich at 14:55.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that booking?|The booking reference number is 9SDIIVSB. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find an expensive Panasian restaurant, please?|I don't see anything with that criteria. Perhaps you would like a different cuisine?
Are you sure there isn't any in the centre?|Sorry there is no panasian food in any area. Would like me to find a different restaurant?
Can you look for chinese food?|I found a chinese restaurant named tang chinese located at Napier Street City Centre would you like to reserve a table?
book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.|Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MCSWQ2W5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to train leaving from cambridge on thursday.|I have many trains meeting your request.  What is your destination and preferred departure and arrival times?
My destination is London Liverpool Street, departing on Wednesday from Cambridge after 14:15.|I have a train TR 2815 leaving cambridge at 15:59 on wednesday and arriving at 17:27 at london liverpool street. Would you like to book this?
No, could you give me the price, arrival time, and overall travel time, please?|The arrival time is 17:27. Price is 16.60 pounds. Duration is 88 minutes.
Thank you for your assistance.|Was there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, that's all I needed.  Thank you for the help!  Goodbye.|Great! Have a great day.
Find me an expensive restaurant that serves gastropub food|I see several options; do you prefer the centre or east of town?
The centre of town.|Backstreet Bistro and The Slug and Lettuce are both expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre of town.
I need a reservation for any of those. 16:00, on Tuesday for 8 people.|You're booked at Backstreet Bistro, ref #O8Z7DXNU. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be everything.|Have a good day and enjoy your visit.
Hi! Can you help me find a train? I need to travel on Thursday.|I can absolutely help you with that!  Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and the destination?
I'm departing Cambridge Thursday and want to arrive in Stevenage by 8:00.|I have one train leaving at 05:21 and arriving at 06:10. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
What is the price and travel time for this particular train?|The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the train ride is 49 minutes.
Thank you. Can you also find me a museum to go to?|There are several fine museums to visit, what area of town would you like?
I would like something in the center of town, please.|Broughton House Gallery is a free nice museum. The address is 98 King Street. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, I'd like the number.|Their number is 01223314960.
Great. Thank you very much for all of your help.|You're welcome. Hope you enjoy your day.
Hi, I'm looking to take a train on Tuesday and heading to Cambridge.|Where are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|ok, what time do you want to depart?
Well I want to arrive by 16:15.|You have quite a few options. Would you rather leave early in the morning because trains run every two hours from 05:35 ?
I could leave in the morning.|How many tickets please?
I don't need tickets just the information for the train. I need the train ID please.|The train ID is TR8685.
I also need a place to stay with free wifi.|Do you have a preference? Hotel rating, location, parking, or internet availability?
I'd like a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free wifi, please.|We have no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Can I find something else for you?
Any guesthouse in the cheap range?|Yes! How about Allenbell?
I would like to book 5 people for 5 nights the same day.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is 6GDIBPKO. How else can I help?
That's all I need. Thank you so much.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
I would like to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrive at kings lynn.|There are several available. Is there a specific day you would like to travel as well as arrival and departure times?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive by 13:45.|TR7430 leaves at 12:11 and arrives at 12:58, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book tickets for 6 people on TR7430 and provide the reference number once you have completed that. Thanks!|All set. Your reference number is 45ANXMEA.
Can you also recommend a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre?|how about the oak bistro? it looks lovely
I'd really like to try british food - will the oak bistro be ok for that?|Yes the Oak Bistro is a great British food restaurant.
Where is the restaurant located? I would like to book a table for 6, around 10:45 on monday.|It is located in the centre area of the city.  Would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great! And can I please get the reference number for that?|You are now booked, the reference number is JZWXIUGS.  Anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Great!  Please let us know if we can help you with anything else.  We hope you enjoy your stay!
Hi, I'm looking to book a train ticket to Liverpool Street station in London. Are there any that depart at or around 18:00?|There is a train departing Cambridge at 17:59 on Wednesday.
I'm actually looking for one on Friday. Are there any that will arrive by 18:00 at Liverpool on Friday?|There is train leaving for Liverpool Street at 5:59 on Friday arriving at 7:27. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes and can you tell me the price of the ticket?|It would be 16.60 pounds
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, have a great day
Thank you.|Good-bye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre.|There are quite a few options open to you. Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to find a place serving North American cuisine.|I show the Gourmet Burger Kitchen available on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. Can you book a table for 4 on Saturday at 12:45?|The reference number is E1KV4Y86. May i please help you with something else.
I also need a train please.|What is the destination?
I am looking to travel to peterborough and arrive by 11:30|I recommend train TR3596 it will get you there by 11:24 on Saturday.  Want me to book it?
Yeah, please book it for the same group of people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G82GDIBP. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that will be all.|Thank you, enjoy your stay.
Please find a train that departs from Peterborough and arrives in Cambridge by 8:45.|Okay, and which day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday from london liverpool street|The TR3390 arrives Saturday at 8:38.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get travel time and price first, please?|The trip is 50 minutes long and it is 13.20 pounds for a ticket.
Ok thanks, Im ready to book.|Great, I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : 9LLWMNOM. May I help with anything further.
I'm so sorry.  I didn't mean to book yet.  I won't need that reservation.  Could you make sure that train TR3390 is departing from London Liverpool?|Train TR3390 is departing from peterborough to cambridge. Would you like me to look for a train departing from London Liverpool?
Yes, please. I need to know the price and travel time for that as well.|TR7397 leaves from London Liverpool Street on Saturday at 05:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 07:07 with travel time of 88 minutes. Cost is 13.28 pounds. Shall I book this ticket?
No, thank you. That's all I needed today.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for something to do. Are there any attractions related to archaeology?|I don't have archaeology however I have museums and architecture.  Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, I think I've heard of a museum of classical archaeology. Do you have their phone number?|There is a Museum of Classical Archaeology. Their phone number is 01223335153. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.|There are over 200 trains leaving on Wednesday. What is your destination? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I am going to stevenage and I want to leave after 11:30.|There is a train that leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 16:10.  Would that work for you?
Yes that's all the info that I have, thank you.|Great, I have booked the ticket, your reference number is  U3R44BJS. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That'll be everything. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a wonderful day.
Yes, I would like a taxi to the Town Centre. From the train station.|Where from the town centre do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I'm sorry, did I say Taxi? I mean train.|Let's start over.  Are you looking for a train?
Yes. I need it to depart from Cambridge.|Where would you like the train from cambridge to travel to?
I am looking for a train schedule that departs from Cambridge and should go to Ely.|Ok, is there any particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to get a train leaving cambridge and going to ely. I need to be in ely by 10:30 and am leaving on wednesday.|TR5626 leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Will that work for you?  Tickets are 4.40 GBP.
Can you book that for 3 people and get me a reference number as well please?|I've reserved you 3 seats on TR5626. The total is 13.2 pounds payable at the station. Your reference number is 3BMHT78A. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything that I needed. Thanks for your help!|I hop you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Thank you, this is the end of the dialogue.|You are very welcome.
I want to find a train that leaves from Norwich on Monday.|There are 19 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by time or destination?
Yes, the train needs to arrive in Cambridge by 12:15.|There are 6 different trains that arrive by 12:15, did you have a time you wanted to leave Norwich by?
Any departure time is fine.|Okay I can book you for TR9020 leaving at 05:16 on Monday. How many tickets would you like?
I need 5 tickets. Can I please also have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 88 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MD5UWGDZ.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on the Sitar Tandoori restaurant.|Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant on the east side of town. They are located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, cb19hx. Their phone is 01223249955.
I'd like to book a table for the same number of people (5) for that same day at 16:15 if it's available. I'd also like the reference number for that please.|Unfortunately, the time that you provided for 5 people is not available. Do you have other times that you prefer?
Can you try 15:15? And I'll need a reference number if they have a table available.|Your party of 5 is booked for the restaurant at 15:15 and the reference number is 6OWS31DG.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all I needed, thank you for your help.|Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help with that! What do you want to know?
I would like to find a place to go in the south part of town.|Are you interested in a particular type of attraction?  Maybe a museum?
Sure a museum sounds great.|The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Parade and is free to get in.
Great I also need a train leaving birmingham new street on sunday|What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by 17:00 please.|I am sorry the earliest departure time is 17:40
I'm sorry, I forgot that as long as I leave after 17:15 all will be fine. I need to get to cambridge.|Would you like me to book your tickets?
Can I just have the price, train ID, and arrival time, please.|For 60.08 pounds you can leave Birmingham new street at 17:40 and arrive in Cambridge by 20:23 on train TR5797. Would you like to book this train?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're very welcome!
Could you just get me that phone number for Byard Art Museum?   I forgot to ask you earlier.|it is okay. the phone number is 01223464646
Thanky you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Is there a train from london liverpool street that arrives by 17:15?|Yes, I have several trains that can get you there by 17:15. What day are you traveling?
I'm coming to Cambridge on Thursday.|There are seven trains available that day. What time would you like to leave by?
Any train is fine. I'll need it booked for three people.|I've booked you for 3 on TR3257, leaving liverpool street at 13:39 and arriving cambridge at 15:07, with reference #YR897WTP. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for a place called cineworld cinema|Okay it's located in the south and the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thank you, goodbye!|Good bye, enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to book a train.|Where are you departing from, and what is your destination?
I'm at Bishops Stortford and would like to go to Cambridge.|The travel time for that route is 38 minutes. What day would you be traveling?
I would like to travel this Wednesday and need to leave after 08:15.|There are 8 trains that leave after 8:15, did you have a specific arrival time in mind?
No, anytime after 8:15 is fine. Maybe the first train after that time.|Okay I have the 9:29 that arrives at 10:07. Would you like to book that?
Yes, that works, I need the travel time, and the train ID please.|Sure, Train ID is TR9178 and travel time is 38 minutes.  How many tickets do you need?
I actually don't need to book right now. Sorry for the confusion.|OK, is that all you needed today, then?
Yes that's all the info I needed thank you!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a train that leaves after 10:15 on Sunday.|Where is your departure and destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to peterborough, please.|Train TR1492 departs from Cambridge at 10:34 on Sunday and arrives at Peterborough by 11:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 1 person.|Unfortunately, there is not a train on Sunday matching your criteria.
Are you sure there are no trains going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday leaving after 10:15? What about TR1492 that you said?|The TR1492 train to peterborough leaves at 10:34 and arrives at 11:24, may I book this trip for you?
yes, book that for me and get me a reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GQSOT34U.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a hotel for my group?|Do have any hotel preferences like price or location?
The hotel name I am looking for is named Hamilton Lodge.|The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced and have a 3-star rating. They offer both free wifi and free parking.
Can you book that hotel for me for 1 person for 2 nights starting from Friday, please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q52LOX3W. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you have been a great help already.  Thanks, and have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel by the name of home from home.|Home from Home is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Please make a booking for eight people staying for 4 nights from Saturday.|I was able to book your room for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.  The reference number is : SV1VVPV4.  Is there anything else you need?
That will do it.  Thank you for your assistance!  Have a good day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Actually, I also need a train to go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45.|Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling?
Hi, I need to catch a train from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday. Can you please give me the schedule for that day?|TR7020	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	05:39	07:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	
TR8813	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	07:39	09:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	
TR7519	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	09:39	11:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	
TR4161	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	11:39	13:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes	
TR2826	london liverpool street	cambridge	wednesday	13:39	15:07	16.60 pounds	88 minutes
It looks like TR4161 from london liverpool street to Cambridge, leaving on  wednesday at 11:39, fits my schedule.|Great, would you like me to book that for you? How many people?
Yes, please. Two of us are traveling together.|I have booked you two tickets. Your reference number is L0HYQ28Z
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|welcome again some other time
I want to dine at a Chinese food place in the centre area.|What is your price range for this restaurant?
I do not have a price preference.|How about the rice house it is cheap and located at 88 Mill Road city centre?
That sounds perfect. I would like to book a table for sunday.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I am looking for information in Cambridge|And *I* am looking to give you information. Perfect match! What would you like to know?
Can you find me alpha-milton guest hotel?|It is located in the north at 63 milton road
Well I'm not certain. I was hoping you could tell me. Is there more than one guest hotel named alpha-milton?|No, just the one.  Can I help you with any other information?
no, that's all. thanks! goodbye|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. Goodbye!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.|What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.|What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge.|There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.|There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I am looking for a train from cambridge to ely.|There are 70 trains from Cambridge to Ely. Do you have a preferred departure time and date?
I want to leave on Thursday. And be there by 11:15.|I have three trains that match your specifications. Do you have a time you would like to leave by?
No, any of them is fine. Please give me the departure time that you choose.|The departure time for trainID TR0996 is 05:50
Thank you that's all I need today.|Excellent! Have a good day.
I've heard that the only trains out of Cambridge leave before 8:00. That's not really true, is it?|No, it certainly isn't.
Is there a train that departs from cambridge after 08:00 on Wednesday that goes to birmingham new street?|There is.  There is actually an 08:01 but that might be too close.  How about a 09:01?
The 08:01 is fine actually. Can you book it for 6 people?|Sure thing, the reference number is D6UJRBDF
Thank you. I also need information about finches bed and breakfast.|Finches bed and breakfastis a guesthousein the west area.it is cheap and in the 4 star range.their number is 01223276653	and cb30nd. it is located in 144 thornton road.
I need to take a train into Norwich on Monday.|We have 19 trains heading to Norwich on Monday. What would be your point of departure on that day?
Cambridge, and I need to leave after 18:00.|Train TR6688 would work, would you like me to book you passage?
Sure, we have a group of 7 people.|Booking was successful. Total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E0JGKV67
Can you recommend any kind of entertainment in town?|There are lots of things to do, did you have an area preference?
no area preferences really anywhere in town would be perfect.|I would suggest the funk fun house.
That sounds great. I'll need the address, area, and entrance fee, please?|Sure thing the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. In the east side of town and there is no info fee information.
that is all i wanted for today thanks|I am gald i can help. enjoy
Would you be able to find me a train leaving on Sunday?|Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and where you would like to go?
I will be going to leicaster from cambridge, departing after 18:45 please|I have train TR9831 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 21:06. Would that suffice?
Yes, that will work out great. Can you please book me 7 tickets for that train?|Okay, I've booked 7 tickets for that train. The reference number is STM2J29A. Is there any other information you need?
That's all that I needed today, thank you!|It was a pleasure to help. We hope you will use our service again in the future. Have a wonderful night.
Hi. Help me with a train schedule, please.|I'd be happy to help. Let's start with a few questions; which station would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I am looking to depart from Cambridge, and I am going to London Kings Cross.|Okay, great. What day are you wanting to travel?
I would like to go on Wednesday.|how about TR3702 that leaves at 05:00?
That sounds great! I'd like to buy one ticket please.|Could you please confirm if you need to arrive by any particular time?
I really must arrive by 18:15 to make my meeting.|TR3843 will arrive by 17:51, does this suit your needs?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and please give me the reference number.|Your reference number is KPVWZHWS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice day!
I want a train that leaves after 10:30 and it needs to leave on Thursday.|There are many that leave that day after 10:30, where are you leaving from and headed?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford and heading into Cambridge.|The earliest option would leave at 11:29. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 5 people and please provide the reference number.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : R4CR5ASG.
Thank you. I am also looking for a moderately priced hotel in the East.|There aren't any moderately priced hotels in that region. Do you want to look for something else?
Hi there, I'm trying to find a train that leaves from Leicester but it must be after 11:15. Can you help me book a ticket?|I see there is a train on Friday that leaves leicester at 14:09  to Cambridge, could you book me a ticket for this train?
Please book me a ticket for that train.|Did you only need one ticket?
I just need the train ID please.|The train ID is TR6247, would you like to book a seat?
No thank you. That's not necessary. Can you help me find an indian restaurant in the centre of town?|I have 9 restaurants in that area. May I ask what your budget for lunch is?
Nothing expensive please.|There are three cheap resturants int hat area, kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge.
The Ghandi sounds nice. Can I get their address? And they are a cheap restaurant, right?|Yes, the gandhi is in the cheap price range.  Their address is 72 Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, their information is enough at this time. Do they have a phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223353942.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave after 11:15.|I have a 12:09 that arrives at 13:54. Would that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Could I get the train ID?|The train ID is TR8882. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all for now.|The duration of the trip is 105 minutes. Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive priced Chinese restaurant|There are a few places in the area you could try. The Ugly Duckling, Yu Garden, and Hakka have great food and are in your price range.
Okay, what is the address and phone number for Ugly Duckling?|The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. We do not have the phone number available in our database.
That's alright. I'm also looking for a train booking too. I need to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.|What day and time?
I need to arrive by 17:45 on Tuesday|I can book your on the TR1395 on Tuesday. It leaves Cambridge at 13:39 and you'll be there by 15:07. Would you like anything else?
Please book this train for 2 people and provide the reference number.|Your train is all booked, your reference number is 5482NXX6.
Ok, great that's everything I needed. Thank You!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your day!
Hello, I need a train to London Kings Cross after 21:45, please.|There are several going to kings cross, where are you departing from and when do you went to leave?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Monday.|TR2634 can get you there by 21:00 it is 23.60 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book it for one person.|Your reference number is M5L3KBEV. Do you need anything else?
Im also looking for a restaurant by the name of bedouin.|Bedouin is a wonderful African restaurant in the center of town. It's a little expensive, but the food and service is outstanding.
can you book that for me.|Yes, I would be happy to do that for you. How many people would there be for that reservation?
Actually can i just have the phone number instead?|The phone umber for bedouin is 01223367660. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all the information I wanted. Thank you so much for all your help.|is there anything else i can help you with?
That should be it. Thanks.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town.|There are many churches in the center of town. Would any of those interest you?
Yes that sounds lovely. Do any of those listed charge an entrance fee?|Great Saint Mary's Church charges a fee of 2 pounds, but it is the only church with a fee listed.
Ok, could you also give me the phone number and postcode for that?|The phone number is 01223350914 and postcode is cb23pq
I'm also looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge after 20:15 on Sunday going to Peterborough.|TR6958 leaves cambridge at 20:34. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please make a booking for 7 people|Fine. Your fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is T6LUYKFN.
Great thank you that should be all|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Alright, how can I help you today?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Afghan food in the centre.|There are no Afghan restaurants in the centre of town.
What about an international restaurant?|May I recommend the Bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range.
What's the postcode for that place?|cb23dt. What else may I help with?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Cambridge and will arrive to London Liverpool Street.|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday after 08:30.|train ID TR4187 leaves 13:59 and will cost 16:60 pounds. can i book for you?
No, thanks! But how long is the ride?|The train ride is 88 minutes long.
Thank you, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a good day.
Hello, can you give me some information on a train?|I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.|Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?|Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.|We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.|They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
I'm sorry, I actually need a guesthouse.|Unfortunately, I don't have any matches in my system. Is there something else I can look for?
How about one in the cheap price range?|There are several guesthouses in the cheap range all over town.  What area do you prefer?
I am going to be visiting and need a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses across the city.  Is there a certain part of town where you would like to stay?
Yes, I am hoping to stay in the centre.|There are two options. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation at one of these two choices?
Do either of those have a 0 star rating and are in a cheap price range?|Yes, the El Shaddai has a 0 star rating and falls in the cheap price range. They're located in the city centre as well. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, do they have internet?|Yes, both have internet and parking.
Can I have the postcode for that one please?|Sure. Their postcode is cb11eg. I can book a room for you if you would like?
I'm not sure if I'm ready to book, but I'd like to also find a train if I can please.|I have over 2,800 listings for train departures. Where are you looking to go? And when?
I'm leaving cambridge on wednesday and going to stevenage.|Ok, the first train from cambridge to stevenage leave at 05:21, there is a train every two hours until 23:21, any time preference?
I need it to leave after 08:30.|TR8913 will leave at 09:21, would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can you make a booking for me for 6?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station    Reference number is : 4OCMA9VI.
Okay, thanks a lot.|Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
I would like recommendations for italian restaurants.|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an Italian restaurant, would you like to book that?
Is the price range for Stazione restaurant moderate?|No, Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range that's in the south part of town. I would also like a phone number and address, please.|Sure U have the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and their telephone is 01223323737	and their postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|There are 1,414 trains departing from Cambridge. Can I narrow that down by destination, day, and/or a time?
I'm looking for a train to Stansted Airport that departs on Wednesday. It needs to arrive by 17:30.|I have many that will arrive by that time, but the closest to that actual time is TR2912, departing cambridge at 16:40 and arriving at stansted at 17:08.
That sounds great. That is all the information I needed. Thank you for your help.|I am ready to book, but need to know how many tickets you need for the train?
I don't want to book right now I just wanted to know the availability. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you, goodbye!|Thank you. Please contact us again in the future if you would like any additional information or bookings.
Hello, I need to catch a train on Friday.  Can you help me find one leaving after 11:30?|What are your departure and arrival locations?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.|I have a train that leaves at 12:01 and arrives by 13:01. Would you like me to book that train?
Yes, I will need 2 tickets please.|Train id TR4266 leaves at 12:01 and arrives at 13:01.  Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, for 2 people please. Can I also get the reference #? Thanks!|Your booking was successful. You will owe 35.79 GBP at the station and your reference number is: TQICKHXG. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, there is nothing else I need today. thank you. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our system!
I need some information on a train departing from peterborough.|I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
I need a train to Cambridge that leaves after 4:15 PM.|What day are you looking for the train?
I want to leave on Friday.|There's a train going from Peterborough, leaving at 16:48. Will that work?
That may work.  What is the  train ID, travel time, and arrival time?|Train ID is TR0992, it departs at 16:48 and arrives at 17:38.
how long is the train ride?|The train ride will last 50 minutes from 16:48 to 17:38.
Great, thanks. Can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. I want something in the centre of town and moderately priced if possible.|great, i have 21 options for you!
21 in the moderate price in the centre? Which one do you say is best?|It would really depend on what kind of food you like. What is your favorite cuisine?
I'm open to anything, Ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 20:00 on friday.|I have reserved a table for you at Restaurant One Seven, it's a real popular locale. Your reference number is JNNU896Z.
Thanks so much, that's all I needed help with today!|you are welcome and thanks for using our services
Hi, I am looking for a train that is leaving on friday after 13:15.|Where would you like to leave from and go to?
I want to depart from norwich and go to cambridge.|TR1952 leaves Norwich at 13:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:35.  Would that work for you?
Before I commit, what would the price of the ticket be?|It would cost 17.60 pounds.
That would be great. I am also looking for the scott polar museum in town, can you tell me a little about it?|The Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area of town, and the entrance fee is free.
Can you tell me the postcode for the museum as well?|Yes, their postcode is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks, I've got everything. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I need a train out of london kings cross please. I'm headed to cambridge|Okay! What day would you like to leave?
I need to get there at 09:45 on Monday.|The TR9276 arrives at 8:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, I'll need one ticket.|That booking was successful and your reference number is 5150NQ2A.
Thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Might I suggest a ride on The Cambridge Punter?
What is their entrance fee?|I don't have any information on their entrance fee. Their phone number is 07807718591 if you would like to call and get that information.
Ok thank you that's all I need today.|have a great day!
See if you can find me a train from Cambridge to stansted airport please|I found you 133 of them! What day and time would you like to leave?
leaving cambridge, going to stansted airport on friday anytime after 18:30|We've narrowed your options to 6 trains. The earliest leaves at 18:40 and the latest at 23:40. A train leaves every hour. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book me a ticket on the 18:40 train. I will need to know how much the ticket costs and the train ID. Thanks!|OK, your ticket is booked. Your ticket cost is 10.10 pounds, and your train ID is TR8337.
Thank you. I am also looking to find a good chinese restaurant.|Okay what area and price range?
Moderately priced in the city centre.|There are three moderately priced chinese restaurants in the centre. Might I suggest shanghai family restaurant located on Burleigh Street?
Yes book it for 1 at 15:45 the same day and I'll need the reference number too please|You're all set. Your reference is 3BU5HSE9 and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Then, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. It was my pleasure to serve you. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a train. Can you help me?|What is your departure site?
I am leaving from bishops stortford.|There are trains from Bishops Stortford every couple of hours. What day will you be traveling, and I'm assuming you're heading to Cambridge?
Sorry, I am coming from Cambridge and going to Bishops. On Tuesday, and I want to get there by 15:45|There are 5 trains that I can book for you. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No I do not.  I just need to arrive at 15:45.|I've found TR2771 leaving cambridge at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07.  The price is 10.10 pounds.  Can I book this train for you?
What is the total travel time for the train?|It's 38 minutes.  Would you like to book it?
Yes can you please and send me the reference.|How many tickets will you be needing?
i will only be needing one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CHXFL1AJ.
I would also like a hotel in the area.|Which area could you like the hotel to be located at?
I would prefer it in the centre and to be 0 stars.|El shaddai is a guesthouse in the cheap range; cityroomz is a hotel in the moderate price range. Which one do you prefer?
I would prefer one that has free parking and internet.|I would recommend the el shaddai.
Do they have internet, and can you provide the postcode & price range?|El Shaddai has both internet and parking. They are in the cheap pricerange. The postcode is cb11eg. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Not at this time, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all, thank you!|Have a nice day.
Hi, can you help me find a train departing from Cambridge?|What is your destination?
I am going to leicester|It looks like trains run along that route every hour. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to know about?
I'd like to leave after 20:15.|There are 28 trains that leave after 20:15, what time would you like to arrive by or does it matter?
No, the arrival time does not matter. I need to book 4 tickets.|Alright, I booked you 4 tickets on TR5159, leaving Cambridge at 20:21 and arriving in Leicester at 22:06 on Friday. Your reference number is VKVT7CTT.
Great!  Also, I'm looking for the Ashley Hotel.  Can you give me their phone number please?|The phone number for the Ashley Hotel is 01223350059.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Great. That is all I needed.|Okay perfect!  Have a great trip and please let us know if you need assistance with anything else!
Thank you for your help, have a great day.|You are certainly welcome.
I need to catch a train out of Bishops Stortford, to arrive by 20:45.|There are many trains. Where is your destination? What day would you like to travel?
Cambridge on saturday.|I have the TR7734 leaving at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect, but I don't need it booked just yet. What's the price on that?|The price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am looking for a particular attraction.|Happy to help. What is the name of the attraction you are interested in?
It's called St. Catherine's College. What's the fee to get in there, and is it a college, architecture, or what?|It is free.
Is this attraction an actual college still or are the buildings just there for architecture?|It's of the type of college. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all for today!|Thank you for using our service today!
I am checking on the train schedule from Peterborough to Cambridge.|Sure many trains use that route. It would be helpful if you could narrow down a specific travel time.
I want to leave after 10:00.|What day do you want to depart?
i want to depart on thursday.|TR418 leaves at 10:19. Whould you like me to book it?
I will book it myself.|OK - is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need an attraction.|Ok, I can help you with that. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm just looking for something fun to do in the centre of town.  Do you have any recommendations?|I'd recommend Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please?|Sure, their number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you. That is all for today. Goodbye|thank you and enjoy your stay.
Hi. Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant?|there are a variety of moderately priced restaurant in what area do you prefer?
I was thinking somewhere in the centre of town.|how about the oak bistro? It looks lovely
Ok, that sounds good, I need to book a table at 18:00 on Tuesday for 6 people, please.|Your table is reserved, reference #9SJWCXZA. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you also find me a train that goes to Peterborough on Wednesday? I need to arrive by 10:45.|What time would you like to leave at?  I have 5 trains leaving between 5:06 and 7:06.
Which train arrives closest to 10:45? I don't want to wait around too long after I arrive.|where are you travelling from?
departure from Cambridge.|The TR0467 leaves at 9:34 and arrives at 10:24.  The cost is 16.50 pounds.  Does this work for you?
Thank you, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Hi I am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the cheap price range.|We have several locations that suit your needs, would you like a 4 star hotel? Or is there any other accommodations you'd like to narrow down the list?
I would like a 2 star hotel.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast in the town centre?  It is cheap and has free parking.
Is that a 2 star hotel?|The Alexander B&B is a 4 star hotel. There are no cheap hotels with 2 stars that offer free parking. Do you want to broaden your search?
What about moderately priced places with 2 stars?|There are 2 moderately priced 2 star hotels on the North side of town: the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like more information on one?
Could you book 3 nights at the Ashley for 7 people, please? We'll be arriving on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, it isn't available for 3 nights.  Would you like to arrive on a different day or stay for less time?
Does the Lovell have 3 nights available?|I'm so sorry, the Lovell doesn't have the availability you're looking for either. Would you like to try to book for a shorter stay?
Can you try booking a 1 night stay? I need the reference number if that works. I also need a train leaving Cambridge after 17:45, arriving in Norwich on Wednesday.|I have booked your stay at Lovell Lodge.  Your reference number is ATYKA57C. Would you like me to buy tickets train tickets also?
Not at the moment. Can I have the price and train ID though?|I have a Norwich bound train leaving at 18:36, price of 17.60 pounds and traindID of TR7776, would you like me to book it?
Yes. Thank you very much.|And would that be for the seven people that are staying at the hotel?
Yes please, for all seven of us.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train from london liverpool street.|I have many trains that leave from London Liverpool Street. When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday to Cambridge and get there by 16:00 or before.|There are 5 options on Sunday from london liverpool street to cambridge. Would Sunday early morning be better? You could arrive by 07:07. Or would you prefer later in the morning?
I would prefer later in the morning if possible.|The TR9835 train leaves at 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need to book for 6 people.|Alright, you're all booked, your reference number is A6PU52R6. Anything else I can get for you?
I'd like a place to stay in the east of the city.|There are 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the east of Cambridge, ranging from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
Are any of them moderately priced with free wifi included?|Yes. I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to go ahead and book a room?
Yes please, I'll need a reservation for the same 6 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Your reservation has been made at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights, including 6 people, beginning on Sunday. Ref# LHN3BIBK. Is there anything else I can yelp you with?
That is all I needed for today. Thank You!|Thank you and please contact us again if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a train to take 5me to Cambridge.|Okay and when would you like to leave?
I would like to leave from Stevenage on Thursday and get to cambridge by 9:15.|There is a train departing Stevenage at 7:54 Thursday, and arriving in Cambridge at 8:53.
Can you tell me how long the trip will take?|The travel time is 49 minutes.
Ok, that is all the information I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|There are three hotel types available. Do you want a specific area or price range?
I am looking for a hotel near the city center moderately priced.|There aren't any that match your criteria in the centre. Any other suggestions?
I would like a hotel in the north please.|Sure, we have 2 hotels in the north, ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Would you like to book one?
Which one has nights available from Thursday to Tuesday?|I'm not sure. I will need to attempt a booking to give you that information. Which would you like to book?
Please book the Ashley hotel for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Thursday|You're all set! Your reference number is JUZ789Y1. How else may I help you?
Thank you!  I also need a train from cambridge to london kings cross.  I need to depart after 16:00.|There are 28 trains meeting that criteria. What day are you wanting to leave?
I need a train for 1 from Cambridge leaving after 16:00 heading to London Kings Cross. Can you find any trains for that time and send me a reference number?|Is there a specific day that you want to travel? What time do you want to arrive by?
Tuesday and I would like to leave after 16:00.|There's a train on Friday leaving at 17:00. Should I book it?
Yes, please. Just the one ticket.|Your booking is successful. The total fee is 23.6 GBP and your booking reference number is DOS0ARZU.
Looks like you are all set.  Goodbye!|Thank you.  Please do not hestitate to call if require further assistance.
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?|I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price.|I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge and heading to Stansted Airport. Can you please help?|Which day & what time are you heading to the airport?
I want a train for tuesday that departs after 09:30|There are 15 trains available. Should I book a train for you?
Yes, please choose the earliest one after 09:30 and book it for 7 people. And don't forget to send the reference number!|Booking was successful for a train departing at 09:40. The reference number is NJ1GZ4Y0. Will there be anything else today?
That is all I needed, good day to you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for places go to in the south of town.|The attraction types in the south area are theatre, park, nightclub, museum, cinema, and entertainment. Which one are you interested in?
I am interested in cinemas specifically.|The Cineworld Cinema is in the South part of town. Their phone number is 00872208000. Would you like their address?
Yes, please give me the address and postcode.|It's located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way and the postcode is cb17dy
Excellent. I'd also like a train please. One that leaves from london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are 70 trains that leave from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge, what day and time would you like to leave?
The first train after 21:15 works for me. I need to book it for three people, please provide the reference number.|I can certainly book that for you! However, could you let me know what day of the week you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Monday, and I will need the reference number as well.|That would be TR5906 at 21:39 on Monday.
Thank you so much for all your help.|I have booked 3 tickets for you for 49.8gbp payable at the station. your reference number is ETOI91ON
Great! Thank you. What a relief.|Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you. That is everything I need at this time.|Great, have a wonderful day!
Hello! I'm looking for a train leaving on thursday departing from bishops stortford.|OK, and what time are you traveling?
I'd like to leave after 21:30.|Train TR3000 leaves Bishops Strotford for Cambridge on Thursday at 23:39. Will this suit your needs?
That would work for me can I get tickets for 3 people?|Great! I have booked TR3000 for 3 people at 23:29. Your Reference number is : FOPYB8UC. May I help with anything else?
No, that is all I really needed. Thanks. Have a great day!|Glad I could help!
I need a train that leaves Cambridge at 21:30|And what is your destination for that trip?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street|I found 14 trains.  What day do you want to travel?
Thrusday. Can I also ask the price of these trains?|The price is 16.60 pounds. I have 2 matching trains. One arrives by 23:27 and the other arrives by 01:27. Do you want to book either?
No thank you. I am interested in finding an expensive place to eat in the centre of town. Any recommendations?|I have many restaurants like that. What kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I am looking to book a table for 2 at 12:45 on Thursday at a thai restaurant.|The only expensive Thai restaurant in the center, Bangkok City, doesn't have any availability at that time. Would you like to try something else?
Can you change the booking time to 11:45, and try again?|Alright, you're booked at 11:45 at the Meze Bar Restaurant. Your reference number is UXHS88M3. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's everything I needed. Thank You!|Thank You! Goodbye.
I need a train from kings lynn, please.|What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 15:15.|I found 10 trains that match. How about TR2788 that leaves at 05:11?
that sounds fine. book for 8 people and get me the reference number|I booked the train. Your reference is 8FYR7N4L and it was 78.4 total.
Great! Can you also recommend something interesting to do while I am in town?|Little saint mary's church	has some great architecture you could check out
Is that in the Centre? If so, could I get the postcode, and how much the entrance fee is?|Sure thing! their postcode is cb58bs and there is no entrance fees to get in
Great, that's all I needed!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train please?|Sure! Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge this week.|Where are you leaving from, please?
I will leave from Leicester.|What day would you like to leave?
Friday is preferable.|There are trains running from Leicester to Cambridge every hour from 5:09 to 23:09 on Friday. Did you have a particular time in mind? Would you like to book tickets?
I'd like whichever arrives by 16:15 please.|TR6247 leaves Leicester at 14:09 Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 15:54. Will that work for you?
That will be fine. book for 3 people|Alright. Booking was successful. Your reference number is 87MI5OVY.
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for a hotel to stay in in east cambridge.|Certainly, there are 6 guesthouses, and one hotel. Do you have any preferences I should include?
The hotel in question ideally would be in the expensive price range. It doesn't need to have free parking, though.|Your best bet would be the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It is an expensive 2-star hotel in the east area of town with free wifi and free parking.
If there are not any hotels that do not include free parking then that place will do.|Great. How many guests should I make a reservation for and what nights would you like to stay?
There will be 3 guests for 2 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book with those constraints, would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Would it be possible to book this for one night?|I was able to book one night starting Sunday for 3 guests. Your reference number is 1OOWMJEN. Would you like anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to Birmingham New Street.|I just need some more information. Where are you departing from? What day and what time do you need to leave and arrive by?
I would like to depart from cambridge on monday.|I have 19 available trains. TR6628 leaves at 08:01 and arrives at 10:44. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for the same 3 people. And can I have the reference number?|I've completed your booking! The reference number for your train is X4WPOS52. The total cost is 225.3 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|We are happy to be of help. Thank you for using our service.
Yes, I am looking for an early evening train leaving from Cambridge. Is there one available?|What day will you be travelling?
Tuesday going to bishops stortford please.|I have 10 trains for you on Tuesday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would need to arrive by 16:30.|I have train TR8017 arriving at 16:07, is that good for you?
How much will it cost and how long will the trip take?|It is a 38 minutes drive and the cost is 10.10 pounds per person.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It doesn't need to have free parking or internet.|Let's narrow down our search. What price range would you like to be in?
What are my options for guesthouses? I'm not sure about the area, price, or stars.|Most of the guesthouses are cheap or moderate. Which of those price ranges works best for you?
You choose. Let me know the area, price range, and star rating of the hotel.|I recommend the A & B Guest House in the east. It's moderately priced and 4 stars.
That's great then, I'll talk to you sometime again.|Would you like me to book for you before you leave?
No thats it for today thanks !|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Can you find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester?|There are several what day and time do you want to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on wednesday and should arrive by 13:00|The TR2176 leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and gets into Leicester at 11:06. Will that work for you?
What is the price of that train?|The price is 37.80 pounds.  Would you like to go ahead a book a seat?
Yes, I would like to book a seat on that train. Thank you.|Just to clarify, am I booking just one ticket or more?
yes. also findme primavera's phone number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 2Z3LQ075. What else did you need?
Thanks. I am also looking for the Primavera. It is an attraction.|yes its a very nice attraction.
Can I get their phone number please?|their phone number is 01223357708. can i help with something else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need a place to dine during my trip. It needs to be in the east and serve northern european food.|I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other preferences?
Can you see if there's any Indian restaurant?|Sure.  There is a moderately priced restaurant called Curry Prince.  Would you like to go there?
Yes. Please book us a spot for 7 people on Thursday at 13:00.|I was able to book you a table. Your reference number is F75434P4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train on Thursday. London Liverpool to Cambridge.|There are three trains that arrive before 13:00. The closest arrival would be 11:07. What time would you like to depart?
actually i want to arrive before 10:45 if possible.|TR8805 will leave at 7:39 and arrive by 9:07. It will cost 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book seats?
Yes, I would like that for 7 people as well.|okay your total is 116.2 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation is 40B9LTO9.
Great thank you for all your help today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
i want to go boating in the centre of the town.|There are two places you could go boating. One is on Mill Lane and one is on Chesterton Road. Which would you prefer?
I would like the phone number for the one on Mill Lane please.|That is 01223359750. The company is scudamores punting co. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 09:30.|There are multiple options but I need more information from you first. Where are you departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I want to leave on Tuesday from Kings Lynn|TR9854 departs at 05:11 arriving at 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book for me.|Sure, just the 1 ticket?
I need the travel time and price.|The price of the ticket is 9.80 pounds and leaves at 5:11.  The duration of trip is 47 minutes. Anything else I can do?
No.  All set.  Thanks.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I need a train to cambridge on monday.|We have many trains heading to Cambridge on Monday. What is your point of departure for that day?
I want to go to ely and arrive by 11:15.|I'm sorry for the confusion, just to verify-are you departing from Cambridge with Ely as your destination?
No, sorry, I am traveling to Cambridge from Ely.|I have train TR2013 leaving at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please. Make a booking for 6 people and send me the reference number|You are booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 9QJPHZUT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre.|In the centre, we have more than 40 attractions. Everything from museums, colleges, nightclubs, boating, theatres, etc. Is there something you have in mind?
What are the theatres options?|There are four theatre options all in the centre.  Would you like to try the Mumford Theatre?
Sure. What's the postcode?|postcode is cb11pt.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|your very welcome!
Could you please get me a train?|Sure I can help you find a train.  Where are you needing to go and where are you coming from?  What time do you need to leave by?
I am leaving Leicester and I need to leave by 20:30.|What is your destination and day of travel?
Cambridge and on friday. Can I just get the travel time for the train? Thanks!|The first train leaving after 20:30 is 21:09 and the travel time is 105 minutes.
That sounds perfect, thank you for your help.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No, that's OK, I'll get my tickets at the station. I just needed information.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all. Thanks.|I'm sorry, I think I misunderstood you. You want to leave before 20:30.  You should book TR2602, leaving at 20:09. Travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you for correcting that for me. Have a god day|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today, and enjoy your weekend!
Good morning!  I need to take a train to Cambridge on Tuesday.|I'm sure we can accommodate you. Where are you departing from?
I'm looking to leave from ely and arrive by 12:15|Okay, the TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I would like to book a ticket for 4 people.|I booked your train ride. Your reference number is CRLMATVB and it will cost 13.2 GBP when you go to the station.
Thanks. I am looking for an asian oriental restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?|I have options ranging from cheap to expensive. If price is no issue, Kymmoy is the best.
I need something moderately priced.|J restaurant meets your requirements.
Sounds good. Can I have their address?|Yes. The address is 86 Regent Street, City Centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
No, I'm just figuring out my options right now.  You have been very helpful, that is all I need for today.  Bye.|Let me know if I can help more.
Hello, I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to leave on Saturday.|I see there are 10 trains leaving Ely on Saturday. Where would you like to go?
I do no want to leave Ely. I want to go TO Ely. I am leaving from Cambidge.|My apologies, there are 10 trains commuting from Cambridge to Ely on Saturday. What time would you prefer to depart by?
I don't have a departure time in mind but the train should arrive by 11:00.|TR0718 arrives in Ely at 10:07.  Would that work for you?
That works perfectly. I am also looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help me with this?|Sure, I can help with that. Do you have an area, or amenites I should look for?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel in the north area.|Hamiliton Lodge is a 3 star hotel with internet and parking in the north area. Would that work for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating and also includes free parking and internet. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, for person and for 2 nights starting on thursday.|I was able to book the room for you on Thursday for 2 nights. The reference number is 73MSEUIQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you.|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a wonderful day.
I'd like some information about the El Shaddai.|It's a 0 star cheap guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet.
Ok, great. Can I get their phone number please so that I can contact them?|Sure! El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please and thank you. I'd like to learn about the train schedule if you can help me with that? I'll be traveling from London King's Cross to Cambridge.|Sure what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to leave after 11:45.|i have train id number TR5729 leaving saturday at 13:17. would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I check on the arrival time of that train first?|It arrives by 14:08.
Thanks for the information. That's all I need.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi.  I need to find a hotel, can you help me?|Yes, where would you like to stay and in what price range?
I would like to stay in the northern area. I don't have a specific price range, but the hotel doesn't need to have the internet.|I have several hotels and guesthouses available. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a hotel.|There are two hotels to choose from. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both are moderately priced and have wifi and parking.
How much is each hotel?|They are each moderately priced.  I don't have any more specific information.
Pick one for me. Book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is CPBUEMWR. It is located at 365 Milton Road in the north. Their phone number is 01223350059.
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to london kings cross.|Which day would you like to leave on?
I'd like to leave on Monday after 8:30.|Sure, the first train to london kings cross leaves at 9:00. Shall I book it for you, if so for how many people?
just one person please.|Booking was successful on TR7409, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GSY1O89D. Can I be of any further assistance?
That's all I need today, thanks!|No problem.  Enjoy your travels!
Can you help me find a train for Wednesday, heading into Cambridge?|I have five trains that meet your criteria.
I'm departing from london liverpool street and would like to leave after 16:15. Does this help?|The TR2232 train is available. It departs wednesday at 17:39 from london liverpool to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please book me a ticket.|Just to clarify, would that be just one ticket or multiple tickets?
Oh wait, before booking I would like to know what the arrival time and travel time is on that train.|It will arrive by 19:07.  Do you need tickets?
I need to know the travel time before booking.|the travel time is 88 minutes.
Ok great. I don't need tickets. Could you find me a place to stay with free parking?|The allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side with internet - would you like me to book it for you?
I need the place to be on the north side actually. Moderately priced and with free wifi|I see 9 options for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a hotel if available for 7 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday. If that doesn't work then Friday, and I will also need a reference number.|I would recommend Ashley hotel. Would like me to make those reservations?
Yes, that sounds fine. I need it for 4 nights the same day. There will be 7 of us.|Your all set! Reference number is BUWAT3JY, anything else I can help you with today?
nope thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Thank you! Good Bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
Have you ever heard of the hotel Avalon?|It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information?
Yes can you check for availability for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday?|Unfortunately it is unavailable for those days and time frame. Would you like to book another day or try a shorter stay?
How about just one night instead? I really want to try this hotel.|You got it.  Your reference number for 1 night is EC7FMNHC.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a train that goes from Cambridge to Broxbourne, are there any available?|Wen do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave Wednesday after 09:45, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PFUSQZIX.
What is the arrival time and train ID?|The train ID is TR6851.   The arrival time will be 11:01.
Than you for your help! That is all I need.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I'd like a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday, please.|Of course. What's your destination? Also when do you wish to leave and arrive by?
I am going to  cambridge & leaving after 11:15.|I have an 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'd like the train ID, price, and arrival time please.|The Train ID is TR4161, price is 16.60 and arrival time is 13:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, when is the arrival time on that? And how much for 1 ticket?|I have booked you a seat on the train leaving at 11:39 and arriving in Cambridge by 13:07. Total cost is 16.6 GBP. The reference # is Q0IMH7R0.
Thanks.  Could you also look up information for Jesus College?|They are a college located in the centre area, at jesus lane. Their entrance fee is free.
That's all I needed.|Great, glad I could help!
Can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? I'm interested in a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.|The Gardenia in Centre meets your specifications, would you like the address?
That sounds like a great restaurant. Is it really good?|Yes, it is wonderful food in the centre of town.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Sure! It's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at 18:00 on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number, too?|Great I was able to book that reference number is 3HFQTSAU.
Thanks so much. Are you able to help with train schedules too?|Yes of course, can I get information on your departure and arrival locations?
I need to travel from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What day and time are you wanting to leave or arrive?
I want to leave from Cambridge on Thursday and arrive by 16:00 on that same day.|How about the TR6456? It arrives at 15:08.
That will work. Could you reserve 4 seats on that train for me?|I was able to book you 4 tickets. Your reference number is R9X7VU6W. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is everything that I needed.  Thank you so much for all of your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service today.
Help me find an expensive restaurant.|I would be happy to assist you. Is there an area of town that interests you?
No, but I'm looking for Corsican food.|I apologize, but I could not find a Corsican restaurant meeting your criteria.  Would you like to try a different food type?
Yes can you check the same area for chinese food please?|I have many, what area were to looking to dine in?
The area does not matter. But try European food please?|I found 5 restaurants that serve European food all over Cambridge. I recommend the city stop restaurant on the North side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please for 7 people at 14:15 on friday.|I have a table booked for 7 people on friday at 14:15, your reference number is JCTPEZT9.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a train|Could you tell me your departure site and destination?
cambridge. by 13:30 and should go to broxbourne|Ok, do you have a day of the week you want to travel?
I need to travel on monday please.|Okay. There are 10 trains matching your query. TR9605 departs at 14:01. Would you like to make a booking for that train or hear about other options?
No, just get me the Train ID.|The train ID is TR 9605. Is there anything else you need?
That was all thank you.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am planning to visit Cambridge and I will need a place to stay.|I have many listing fitting that description, can you narrow down the specifications a bit?
The hotel I am looking for is called allenbell.|Allenbell is found in East region and in the price range of cheap and has a rating of 4 stars.
That works great. Can you book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|It has been booked reference number PIEH7MFG
Thank you. I appreciate that. Can you also help me find a train into Norwich?|Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on tuesday.|There are 19 trains available on Tuesday. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, actually. I'd prefer to leave sometime after 12:45, please.|For how many people?
For 3 people, please. And can I get a reference number please?|TR1659 departs at 14:36 on Tuesday. I have three seats booked for you. Your reference number is  BCP0Y15D and you will pay at the station.
How much will it cost me?|The cost is 17.60 pounds.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|We're happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Hi, I'm looking to book a room in the ashley hotel.|Sure, on what day do you need the room and for how many?
First could you tell me what type of hotel this is and if they provide internet?|This is a hotel with a star of 2 that does indeed provide internet. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to peterborough from cambridge.|Certainly, what day would you like to travel and is there an arrival or departure time I can search for you?
Yes. The train should leave after 11:45 and leave on tuesday.|TrainID TR0613 leaves Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:06 on Tuesday. Does that work for you?
Yes, that works perfectly. Book a ticket for one person, and please send me the reference number. Thank you.|Your ticket has been booked. The reference number will be provided shortly.
Thank you so much.|The reference number is SXPJJGGN.
Great thank you for your help|Did you want me to book the Ashley Hotel for you?  If so, can I get the number of people and number of nights please?
No thank you.|Wonderful! You have a great evening.
I am looking for a train from cambridge|Certainly, where is your destination?
My destination is norwich.|There are 133 trains do you have a day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Saturday after 17:00.|I have one leaving Cambridge at 17:36 and arriving in Norwich at 18:55. Would you like to book it?
What is the train id and price?|The train ID is TR4018 and the cost of the journey will be 14.08 pounds.
That's everything I needed to know thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Looking for atrain leaving on Tuesday to Cambridge.|I found 202 trains matching your request. Where is your destination?
That's a lot. I am going to Peterborough.|Are you wanting to arrive in Peterborough by a certain time?
The train should leave after 15:30 and should go to peterborough.|There are several trains that fit your requirements. Is there a specific time you'd like to arrive?
No, I can arrive at anytime.|Train ID	TR9561
Price	16.50 pounds Reference number is : YYF3B1A5.
Ok great, thanks for the help.|You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is all. Good bye.|Thank you so much for calling. Goodbye now!
I would like to know what tourist attractions are in the south end of town? Preferably something family friendly and moderately priced.|Are you perhaps looking for a hotel? I've got two moderately priced guesthouses on the south end.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with some moderate pricing and they must include free parking, can you help me with that?|I am sorry but I am not finding anything in the moderate price range for the centre of town. However, I did find two in the south.
No let's try the east side of town.|Yes I have two options for you, both with free parking. both are guesthouses and one is a bed and breakfast.
Let's try the guesthouse. Could you please book it for 2 people for 3 nights from Thursday? I will need the reference number as well.|I successfully booked your room at the Warkworth House.  The reference number is UH7ZYX20.
I will also need a train on the same day as the hotel booking heading to Kings Lynn.|I have several trains heading to Kings Lynn on Thursday. Where and what time would you like your departure to be?
I need to depart from Kings Lynn aft 19:00 on Thursday.|I've found a train leaving Kings Lynn on Thursday at 19:11, would you like me to book that for you?
Hmm, how long is the travel time on that one? And when does it arrive? Can you get me the price, too?|Travel time is 47 minutes. Arrival time would be 20:58. Ticket cost would be 9.80
I'd like to get some Latin American food, nothing cheap, but shouldn't be expensive either.|I am very sorry, but I do not see any restaurants in the area that match your criteria.
Is there a restaurant that serves Italian food in the same price range?|We have 5 entries that match your search. Do you have a particular preference further?
What areas of town are those restaurants in?  I'd like addresses and phone numbers please.|Two are in the centre, one in the south, one in the west, and one in the east.
Just hook me up with whichever one you like the most.|How about Prezzo. It's at 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Postcode cb30ad. Phone number 01799521260.
That's great. Thanks! I'm also looking for a train to Broxbourne leaving after 21:30.|I can help with that, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive on tuesday. And I am departing from cambridge.|I show trains departing on Monday after 21:30 or Tuesday after 21:30 all arriving on Tuesday.  Which day would you like to depart?
I would like to depart on Monday.  What will be the arrival time and price of that train?|Train TR9611 will arrive in Broxbourne at 24:01. It will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's ok. Thank you for all of your time today.|You are welcome. Have a beautiful day.
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.|There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.|There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What sort of information are you looking for?
Can I have some information about the Ashley hotel? Does it have internet?|Yes, Ashley Hotel has internet and free parking. It is located in the north and is on 74 Chesterton Road. Would you like me to book a room?
What is the price range of the Ashley? Also, it's a hotel, right? not a guest house?|it is moderately priced. can i book for you?
Not at this time but I would like a train departing from Stevenage going to Cambridge on a Monday leaving after 15:00.|TR9525 leaves at 15:54 will that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 5 people. Kindly give me the reference number when you have completed it.|your all set ref # is 4HJ91CVH. Anything else today?
That is all, thank you!|Ok. Thank you and goodbye.
I need to take a train out of Cambridge on Sunday.|Okay. What's your destination?
I would like to go to Stevenage after 08:00 please.|TR6488 leaves at 09:21 and gets to Stevenage by 10:10. Will that train work for you?
Can I make a reservation for 2 people and get a confirmation number?|I have confirmed booking for 2, the total fee is 20.48 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is MRVAFSWE. Would you like help finding anything else?
I also need to find an attraction called kings hedges learner pool.|kings hedges leaner pool is located at jedburgh court, kings hedges. their phone number is 122 335 3248.
What is the postcode?|The swimming pool's postcode is cb42xh. Do you need any more information?
That is all, thank you very much for the help!|The Parkside Police Station phone number is 01223358966 located Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG
Thank you. That's all I needed.|Okay. I am glad I could be of assistance.
I need a train into cambridge on wednesday, please.|I can certainly find one for you. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Sure.  I'm leaving from Cambridge.|You're leaving from cambridge going to cambridge?
No. I need to leave from leicester and arrive in cambridge. I also need to arrive by 10:15.|TR7703 will depart leicester Wednesday at 8:09, arriving in cambridge by 9:54, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes I would like to book a ticket on TR7703 for Wednesday morning, thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KW6ZO219. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. Thank you for your help.|Okay great. I am glad I could be of help!
I need to catch a train in Broxbourne on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave Broxbourne?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:15 please.|There is a train arriving in Cambridge by 7:32.
Train ID please and thank you|I'd suggest TR5972, it departs at 15:32 arrives by 16:32. It costs 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Thank you I also would like a place to eat in the centre that serves afternoon tea food.|No record match your search, can I try anything else?
How about one that serves international food?|I have the varsity and the bloomsbury restaurants when would you like to book
I would like to book at Varsity for 5 people around 20:45 on the same day I arrive.|No problem!  I have a table booked for you.  Your reference number is KFUNWVWH.  What else can I do for you?
Nothing else for today. Thank you.|Have a good day!
I need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves Indian food.|Tandoori Palace is on the west side.  Would you like me to book a table?
That would be wonderful, yes please.|Alright. Can you give me more information on your party?
Please give me their address first.|Certainly, they are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, would you like me to book you now?
I also will need a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|What time would you like the train to be for?
I would like a train to leave after 10:30 on Saturday.|We have five trains leaving around that time, do you have a time that you need to arrive by?
No, I am just looking for a train that leaves after 10:30, as close to 10:30 as possible.|Okay, the train you want is the TR5669, which leaves at 11:01.
Could you book that for 3 people please? I'd also like to get the reference number.|Sure, your reservation number is OWUZBV5P. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I would like to find a college to visit.|Is there a specific area you would like to visit?
No, just Cambridge in general. I'd also like to know any entrance fees, please.|Most of the colleges in town have free entrance fees. I'd recommend Christ's College on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre. It has free admission.
Cool, I also need a train ticket leaving london liverpool st and I am going to cambirdge|okay what day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave?
I will be traveling on wednesday after 15:30.|I have one leaving at 15:39 will this work?
Yeah that will be fine can you book this please?|You will need to pay 16.6 GBP at the station but the booking was successful, your reference number is RWDSKR05.
Can you let me know that train ID so I can find it?|The train id is TR7978. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Leicester?|I can definitely help you with finding a train. It would help to start with which day you would like to travel on.
I need to leave on Friday.|What time would you prefer?
I'd like to leave after 9, and I need one ticket, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP  and it is payable at the station
Could I have the reference number please?|Absolutely, the reference number for your booked space is TCR6N0NV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for moderate priced Asian food.|Are you looking for asian oriental? If so, I have the Yippee Noodle Bar in the centre of town. Would you like more information or a reservation for them?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book a table for 1 at 20:00 on friday.|I have a table reserved for you. Your reference number is 0znem1mc. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. thanks, goodbye.|Have a good day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a train departing from Stantsted Airport going to Cambridge.|I found 133 train trips, do you have a date and time you would like to travel?
I want to leave on wednesday and arrive by 10:15.|There are 5 trains arriving by 10:15, would you like to book one leaving at 8:24 and arriving at 8:52?
Yes, that will be good!  I need eight tickets, please.|You now have 8 tickets on the TR7667. Your reference number is A1S8REZC and your total will be 80.8 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you also give me some information on the Leverton House hotel?|I certainly can. What would you like to know about the Leverton House?
What is the address of the hotel?|The address is 732-734 newmarket road. Do you need any more information?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any more assistance?
I am looking for something entertaining in the south.|We have several attractions in the South. Which would you be most interested in; cinema, entertainment, museum, night club, park or theatre?
I am looking for an entertainment type attraction.|great! i have two options for you to choose from!
Just pick one for me and send me their poscode, phone number and address.|Nusha is located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road. Their post code is cb17dy, and their phone number is 01223902158.
I also need a train from broxbourne.|I'd love to help! Where is the destination?
I'm going to Cambridge, leaving after 13:00.  I'll need to book for 7 people.  Can I get a reference number too please?|I booked you with TR7015 your reference number is K1AY8EKU.
Was that train on Saturday?  I don't remember telling you the day.|Sorry, I can fix that.  Did you need it for Saturday?
Yes please can you help?|Yes, I was able to fix that. I have a booking for seven people to leave Broxbourne on Saturday at 13:32. Total fee is 100.24 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is WZZMBZQ4. Is there anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|i am glad i can help enjoy your stay !
I want general information on entertainment type places to go in the south.|Nusha and tenpin are two entertainment places in the south.  Are you interested in more information on one of them?
Yes, please give me the postcode and phone number to both places.  Thank you!|Nusha's phone number is 01223902158, and postcode is cb17dy. Tenpen's phone number is 08715501010, and postcode is cb17dy.
thank you thats alll that I need|Is there any other info you need?
No, I am all set.|Have a great time.
I think we're all done here. Thank you!|Your welcome. Have a great day.
I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for the restaurant called Da Vinci Pizzeria.|I have found that restaurant for you, would you like the address?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number please?|The phone number is 01223351707 and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton
thanks! I also need a train that should leave after 17:45 on sunday|Sure thing where will you be traveling from and to?
I am in Peterborough and I need to go to Cambridge|I have train TR1809 leaving at 19:48 and arriving at 20:38. Would that suit your schedule?
Yes, thank you, I just need the price.|The price for one ticket would be 13.20 pounds.
That's all I need.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a nice night. Goodbye.
I need a train to go from Cambridge to Norwich.|What day of the week are you looking to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 13:45.|I have the TR7438 that will arrive at 12:55. Would you like a booking made today?
I would like to book that train for 4 people please.|7G6OJ8G2 is your  confirmation code. May I help you further?
yeah, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I don't like hotels, so a guesthouse would be better. Moderate in price.|There are several moderate priced guesthouses do you  have a preferred area that you want to stay in?
Yes, the hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to have free parking.|a and b guest house is a guesthouse in the east and it is moderate. Shall I book it ?
can I have the star rating and idf they have wi fi ?|The star rating is 4 and they do have free wifi.
OK, that's all I need for now. Thanks.|Great. I hope you have an excellent day.
Thanks you too Goodbye|Great! Have a good day.
Hello, I'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the centre. What do you suggest?|There are several what kind of food do you want?
How about Chinese food?|Try dojo noodle bar located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
Thank you. I am also looking to book a train which leaves on Sunday after 21:15.|I can definitely help with that. Where will you be traveling from/to?
I'll be going to broxbourne from cambridge.|The TR3697 leaves at 22:01 and arrives by 23:01. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 85.92 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : S9DHM1KG. Can I help with anything else today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you for your help|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I want to find a place called Shiraz Restaurant please.|I have found Shiraz Restaurant located at 84 Regent Street City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, I just need the postcode.|Sure, the postcode is cb21dp.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train from birmingham new street to Cambridge.|No problem. For what day?
Monday, and I need for it to arrive by 21:15.|TR3130 will arrive by 20:23 if that works for you?
Can you give me the departure time, travel time and the price?|TR3130 leaves Birmingham New Street at 17:40 and it arrives in Cambridge at 20:23.  The price is 75.10.  The travel time is 163 minutes.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Thanks.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge departing from norwich?|Certainly! What day are you traveling?
My meeting is on Wednesday.|Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 19:30.|Train TR2379 departs at 17:16 and arrives at 18:35. Will this work for you or would you like an earlier time?
That's all I needed to know about the train. Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderately priced place to day with four stars.|which side would you like to be?
the area doesn't matter but make sure its a hotel and not a guesthouse including free wifi.|I'm unable to find anything that meets all of your criteria. Can we adjust your price range to find the appropriate accommodations?
how about one that is in the cheap price range|How about The Cambridge Belfry? It is cheap, has four stars, and has internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
That sounds great. Please book it for 8 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z01W0H74. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I am looking for a train going to stevenage and departing from cambridge.|There are 70 trains, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to arrive by 17:00 on Monday.|There are 6 trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just want to arrive by 17:00 Monday.|In that case, the TR2045 may be the train you want. It pulls into stevenage at 16:10.
Okay, book it for 8 people and get me the reference number. I'm also looking for a college in the south.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is NVL339KD.
I am also interested in visiting some colleges on the southern tip of town. Can you help me find those?|I'm sorry but I don't have any colleges listed in the south. I have plenty in the city center. Would you like to try a different venue or attraction type?
Yes, an entertainment venue would be great. Please give me an address to one you find.|Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south. The address is unit g6m cambridge leisure park, clifton road.
Okay. Thank you very much that is all I need.|Thank you and have a safe trip.
Hi, I was wondering if there were any swimming pools in the centre of town?|Yes, parkside pools are located at gonville place, postcode cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223446100. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks, for giving me the address and phone number already. How much is the entrance fee?|It looks like the parkside pools does not have it's entrance fee available for the public's record. I apologize about that.
That's OK. I need a train departing from stevenage on thursday.|I have trains into cambridge from stevanage on thursday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 9:30|There are only 2 that fit your time frame. The TR1044 arrives at 8:43. That would be the closest to your requested arrival time. Is that okay?
That will be okay, please book it for me.|Your booking has been successful! The total fee is 25.6 GBP and the reference number is HBB3HCGF. Do you need anything else?
That should do it thank you|Have a wonderful day.
I would like the departure time for the train please, I never got it.|No problem! The departure time for your train is 07:54. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.|Wonderful. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving for Cambridge. The next one leaves at 5:17, would you like for me to book a ticket?
I need it to leave from birmingham new street.|What day will you be traveling?
On a wednesday|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|There is a 9:40 that would arrive by 12:23.  How does that sound?
sounds great. please book it for 8 peoople.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HL9K5T9V. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a restaurant in the centre that's mid-priced?|There are 21 restaurants that fit that criteria. Is there a specific type of food you want to eat?
Yes please - I'm craving British food.|I recommend Cotto, they're found on
You seem to have cut off? Anyway, can you book a table on Wednesday? It'll be 8 of us and we'll be coming in at 18:15.|Your reservation for cotto is all set! Your reference number is DXADBU6Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all I needed today. Good bye.|Your welcome, I am glad I was able to help.
Can you help me find a train departing cambridge going to bishops stortford?|I am happy to assist you, what date and time will you need?
tuesday and I would like to get there by 13:15|The closest I can get you to 13:15 is 12:07 and that will be TR4041. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to know the price and departure time please?|That train departs at 11:29. The cost is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I do need a place to stay though, I want a nice 4 star place with free wifi, please.|These are several selections available to you. Let me know which choice you have made and I will make the required booking for you.  I can recommend Marriott but the Cambridge Belfry is cheaper. All three close to all of our attractions and all the main restaurants.
Hi.  I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday.  Can you help me?|There are 5 trains departing from London Kings Cross station to Cambridge on Saturday. Each will take 51 minutes. Is there a specific time you would prefer to depart?
I would like to leave after 12:00.|There is a train leaving London Kings Cross for Cambridge at 13:17 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I will need to be on that train.|Okay, how many tickets would you like?
I need 8 tickets.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 151.04 GBP and the booking number is X1NEC9S5. Thank you again.
Actually, I need to depart from Kings Lynn, not Kings Cross. Can you change that please?|TR7178 departs from kings lynn to cambridge saturday at 13:11, arriving cambridge at 13:58, would you like to book this one?
Yes, please book 8 tickets for that train.  May I please have the reference number?|Your reference number is POHLZ4EY and 62.72 GBP will be due at the station.  The train leaves Kings Lynn at 13:11.  Can I further assist you?
No, thank you. That is all.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What do you want to know ?
I should have told you that already, I apologize.  I need to take a train from cambridge to london kings cross, on thursday leaving after 15:00.|There are trains meeting those requirements leaving at 15:00, 17:00, 19:00, 21:00, 23:00. They all take 51 minutes and cost 23.60 pounds.
I think I want the one leaving at 17:00. What's the train ID for that one?|The train ID is TR1791 would you like me to book a seat? Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is there any architecture attraction in the city Centre?|There are 5 great places to visit in the centre. My favorite is All Saints Church, would you like the address?
Can you just give me the postcode for that one please?|The postcode is cb58bs. Will that be all?
That will indeed be all for me today. Thank you! Bye|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
I am trying to find the Acorn Guest House.|The Acorn Guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the north side of town. It includes free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I will go ahead and book it myself. I think I have all the information I need. Thank you.|Thank you, and thanks again for using our free service.
Actually, could you help find a train as well? To Norwich?|I found a train from cambridge to norwich at 05:36 on Friday, will that work?
I need to leave after 21:30, is there anything closer to that time?|Yes there are 14 trains. Which day would you like to depart?
Sunday would be good.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, just leave after 21:30. Will you give me the travel time, arrival time and the Train ID?|Id is TR0625, travel time is 79 minutes and you will arrive by 22:55. Anything else?
No, you've answered all of my questions.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service, have a nice day.
Could you help me find a 0 star lodging with free parking?|Certainly, we have City Centre North B&B in the north and El Shaddai in the centre, both very affordable. Would you like to book one?
I want to make sure also, that it is a hotel and includes free wifi|Both City Centre North B and B and El Shaddai have free wifi. Would you like to book one of these?
Can I just get the address for them please|City centre is 328a histon road and el shaddai is 41 warkworth street.
Thanks, I also need a train to go to cambridge.|From where to cambridge then?
I want to leave from bishops stortford and arrive by 12:15.|Alright, what day will you be traveling? There are four trains per day that meet your requirements.
I would like to leave on friday.|TR6834 leaves at 11:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:07. Does this allow you enough time? Or TR2083 that leaves at 09:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07.
Please book me for one for train TR 6834|I booked you one seat on TR6834 departing Bishops Stortford for Cambridge Friday at 11:29.  Reference is MFL4CZTS. Is there anything more today?
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome have a great time!
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?|university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?|No, but The Lensfield Hotel meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?|Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving on Thursday.  What time would you like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by 10:15.|Would you like to go to hogwarts?
Umm, no I am going to Leicester from Cambridge on Thursday arriving by 10:15.|Train TR4859 arrives at 10:06. Do you want me to book it?
Yes please!  Also, kindly provide the price, travel time, and train ID if you can.  Maybe I will visit hogwarts next time HAHA|TR4859 is a 105-minute trip, and the cost is 37.80 GBP per ticket.
Thank you very much.|Would you like for me to book a ticket for you?
No, thanks, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|Will you be needing a taxi? Is there anything else that I can do for today?
No, that's all I will be needing today. Good-bye.|Thank you for your call. Please enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different?
Oh no.  Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?|I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.|The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.|What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|When would you like to arrive?
I am looking for a train that'll leave on friday.|We have over 400 results. Can you provide me with more information, such as departure site and destination?
I'm going to Stevenage from Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 09:15.  Thanks for your help!|TR4800 leaves at 07:54 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:43, would you like to book a seat?
Yes can you make me a booking for 8 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0B1WJ9DR. Will that be all?
Will you also check the hotel called Lovell lodge?|I'm sorry, I had to re-book your train, as I had the stations backwards.  TR2515 will get you to Stevenage by 6:10. Fee is 102.4 GBP, REF. #N3H045K3.
Great I also need the lovell lodge for 8 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|I was able to book that room for you, ref #8XZZ0TYE. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, you were very helpful.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am looking for a train leaving from broxbourne and going to cambridge.|Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be on Saturday.|Do you have a particular time you would like to leave?
We would need the train to leave after 12:00.|There is a train that leaves at 12:32.
That will be fine I need the train ID and price please.|Sure the train ID is TR7768 and the cost of the journey is 14.32 pounds.
I also need a place to dine in the centre that serves seafood.|The Loch Fyne is the only available restaurant in the centre that fits your criteria but it is an expensive place to dine, will that be alright?
I would like to book a table for 2 at 17:45 on Saturday.  What is the reference number please?|I was able to book it, reference number is A1ZSFEZ5.
Thank you. I appreciate the assistance.|Is there anything else I can do ?
That will be all! Thank you!|Have a fantastic day, goodbye!
Help me find a train that leaves after 09:45 on Saturday.|The TR5170 departs at 11:00.  Would that work?
Does it depart from Leicester?|TR6678 departs from Leicester at 10:09 on Saturday. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is YYKJRD9R. Will that be all?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It needs to be cheap and in the east.|There are three guesthouses that meet your criteria. I would recommend the Autumn House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
does it have free wifi and parking?|It sure does.  Can I get you more information?
Okay would you be able to make a reservation for me for 4 nights for 5 people starting Saturday?|Your booking is a success. Your reference number is: HHCGQ5HZ. Yes, it does have internet.
i need a train on tuesday out of kings lynn|What time of day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Tuesday.|Do you have a time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to leave after 9:30.|Is that 9:30 AM or PM?
Looking for a train Tuesday leaving kings lynn after 9:30 to go to cambridge.|I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any trains for that time.  Would you like to try another time or a different route?
No, I'd like a train leaving after 09:30 departing from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. Please take another look?|There are no trains running at this time. Can I narrow your search in any way?
Wow...no, I really needed that time.  I guess not.  Thanks anyway.|I do have a train living at 10:11 of that would work for you.
Yes, that works. Please book for two people. Thanks for checking again.|It's my pleasure. You're booked with reference HXG3N56O. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Perfect.  Thank you for your help.  Have a great day.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service, goodbye.
Have a nice day.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : HXG3N56O.
I need to take a train from cambridge to peterborough.|There are hundreds of options, I can narrow it down if you have a day, arrival time or departure time.
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive at 16:00|I have plenty of options for you. Would you like to leave first thing in the morning or in the afternoon?
Earlier is better, since I need to be there by 16:00.|TR3577 will arrive at 15:24 would that work for you?
Yes, how long is the travel and what is the price?|The train ride is 50 minutes and will cost 13.20 pounds.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. What time does that train leave Cambridge?|That train leaves Cambridge at 14:34.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I also need some help finding an African restaurant.|There is a great African restaurant called Bedouin located in the Centre.  Price range is considered expensive but you get a great experience.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That would be great, thank you.|For how many people do you need your reservation for?
Actually I really do prefer something in the cheap price range. If there is no African restaurants, how about something Italian?|I recommend Ask. It is in the Center and is in the cheap price range. Can I get you a reservation there?
Actually, can you give me the postcode and phone number?  No booking necessary.|Phone is 01223364917, post code cb21uf. Anything else you need?
No, that took care of all my needs. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome. You as well. Bye!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse in the west. Do you have any recommendations?|I do. Finches Bed and Breakfast is a gem, rated 4 stars, but inexpensive in price. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Is that one considered moderately priced? I'd prefer moderate over cheap.|It seems that Finches is quite cheap. However, Hobson's House also fits your description, and it is moderately priced.
How many stars are they rated and could I get the phone number?|Finches bed and breakfast has 4 stars. It's phone number is 01223276653 and Hobsons house has 3 stars.  It's phone number is 01223304906
Wonderful.  I will book with Finches tomorrow.  I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|Is there a specific day and time you are looking to depart?
No.I do not have a specific day or time for departure.|Well then the most I can tell you is the journey last 50 minutes and costs 16.50 pounds.
Actually I do now. I need it to leave on a Sunday and arrive by 16:30.|I found you the TR 3434 that leaves at 15:06 and arrives by 15:56. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes can you book two please?|TR3434 has been booked for two tickets. Your reference number is HCZPLE1G.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a great trip. Good bye.
I am looking for a train to ely on wednesday.|Where are you leaving from?
should depart from cambridge at 17:15|I can get you on a train leaving Cambridge at 17:50.
That won't work I need to arrive by 17:15.|I have the TR1549 leaving at 17:50 and it will be arriving at 18:07 is that a little better for you?
No that still won't work. Is there anything earlier please?|I've got a train that will arrive at 16;07 or if you prefer earlier, 14:07. would you like me to book one of those for you.
As long as I am there by like I said earlier, 17:15 so yes the 16:07 will work for me. I am also looking for attractions in south|How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book any train tickets, thanks. What attractions do you recommend in the south?|There are 8 attractions in the south. I would recommend the Byard Art museum which has free admission. Do you need a booking , or need help with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your help.|If you decide you need something else please contact us. Enjoy your trip.
Hello, can you help me find information about Finches Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge?|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west area. It is a 4 star cheap guesthouse that offers free parking and internet. Would you like a  reservation?
Yes please! I'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Alright, the booking was successful, your reference number is: LT8DPU71. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks for your help.  Have a good day!|Hope you enjoy your stay, cheers!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|sure, what would you like to know?
I need a train leaving Birmingham New Street after 15:45.|What day would you like to travel on?
I need the train for Saturday and I'm going to cambridge.|TR3891 leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23, will that work for you?
Great, thanks for the info. I will go ahead and book myself later. Do you know of any good attractions in the centre of town?|The center of town has 44 different attractions I can recommend.  Do you have a particular type you were interested in?
How about an entertainment venue?|I have several entertainment venues across the city. What part of the city would you like to stay in?
The centre please. Nothing further than that.|There are no entertainment venues in the centre. Would you like something different?
How about a museum. Any you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee, please?|How about Primavera? Admission is free!
thanks for your help|No problem. Glad I could help you today. Have a safe trip.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town|What type of food and price range are you interested in?
I don't have a preference for food but I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|How about Little Seoul, a Korean restaurant that's located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any more information? Or would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good, can you please send the postcode.  Also I need a train leaving on Sunday to Cambridge.|Yes their postcode is cb21dp. Where will you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from ely at 5:15.|The closest I can get you to that time frame is a train that leaves from Ely at 13:35.
Actually, I need a train leaving from leicester after 5:30.|How about train TR9382 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?
i misspoke i need it to leave after 15:30|Okay the TR9823 leaves at 15:35.
How much is the train fare?|The train fare from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday is 30.24 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the total travel time?|The travel time is 105 minutes.
Ok, thank you, that is all the info I need right now.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the centre, please.|Yes I have Asian, British, International, European and Italian to name a few. Any preferences?
I would prefer Lebanese food.|There is Ali baba restaurant in the centre in modest price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes for 3 people at 13:45 on wednesday and a reference number bplease|I was able to book you for 3 people on Wednesday at 13:45.  Your reference number is X1ZSIHLS.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need as train going to leicester.|Ok, great. What day will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday|There are trains going to Leicester at 21 minutes past the hour, every hour, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to travel?
I'd like one that leaves after 10:45|TR5908 leaves Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06. Will that work for you?
Thanks so much you have been great! Gold stars for you!|Thank you for using our system today.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves basque food, please.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. In fact, there are no basque restaurants in all of cambridge. Would you like to broaden your search?
No, that's okay.  Thanks for looking!|Thank you for contacting us.  Please ask again if you need more information.  Goodbye!
Now hold on just a minute. I'm still hungry. How about a Chinese restaurant instead?|Yes, there are 17 Chinese restaurants. Do you have a desired price range?
Moderate price range please.|Golden Wok is moderately priced in the north area.  Would you like to book a table here?
No but I am looking for a train fro Friday, leaving after 20:15.|OK, There are several trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to depart from and where is your destination?
The departure is from Cambridge and the destination is London Kings Cross, what was the postcode, phone number and address of the Golden Wok?|TR9876 leaves at 23:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, there will need to be a booking for 7 people for this train and I will need the reference number. Also, I need info on that restaurant.|Your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is 5SZK6BNU. The Golden Wok phone number is 01223350688 and is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, CB23PP
Actually, I think I also want to get the postcode, address, and phone number for the Golden Wok please.|Postcode: cb43nl, Address: 191 Histon Road Chesterton, Phone: 01223350688. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. for your time.|You're welcome. Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
No thank you, that is everything I need. I appreciate it very much.|Thank you for letting me help you.  Enjoy your dinner.  Next time you need reservations we'll be here to help you.
I want to find a German restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.|Unfortunately, there are no German restaurants in the price range you requested. Would you like a different restaurant?
Perhaps there is one that serves Indian food. Indian food is also good.|Can I recommend Kohinoor? They serve budget friendly Indian food in the centre of town.
The Kohinoor sounds good. Could you book a table for 2 for me?|I'd be happy to reserve your table. What time would you like to dine?
It's for around 12:45 on Wednesday. And that was for 2 people please. Can I get the reference number then too please?|I was able to book a table for you at 12:45. The reference number is 0CUR7IQX.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 15:15 that arrives at Birmingham New Street.|Please book trainid TR8952 leaving cambridge at 16:01.
Thanks, could you book 2 tickets and let me know the reference number please?|Booked! Reference number is FGBPBWP1. Total fee is 150.19 GBP, paid at the station. Anything else?
That's everything. Thank you very much!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge on Saturday.|Sure can you tell me where you are heding for and what time you would lie to leave or get there?
The train should leave after 16:00 and should depart from london liverpool street|I'm a little confused, you said you are departing from both Cambridge and London Liverpool street. Are you sure isn't your destination?
Sorry, I'm departing from london liverpool street.|There are four trains on Saturday with that route that leave after 16:00. Your options are 17:39, 19:39, 21:39 and 23:39. The duration of the ride is 88 minutes.
Can I get the price on one of those please?|Each of those trips is 13.28 pounds.  Would you like for me to book one for you?
No thank you. Please give me information on the attraction Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|Yes its located between Victoria Road and the River
I want to dine in a place in the west.|There are many restaurant options available to you. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like a restaurant that serves eritrean food and in the expensive price range.|Would you like European food?
No.  I said eritrean food.  Do yo have something?|I don't have anything that meets those requirements.
How about British food?|Yes I have three. When would you like the table reserved for and for how many?
Is one of those expensive? If so, book me a table there for Thursday for 8 people at 13:30 please.|There's actually two expensive places, graffiti and travellers rest. Which would you prefer?
Travellers Rest sounds good.|ok the address is huntingdon road in city centre, the phone # is 01223276182, and the postcode is cb30df.  will there be anything else ?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.|what is your destination?
Before I continue with the train details, was Travellers Rest booked? I didn't get a reference number.|My sincerest apologies for that. Yes, your booking is completed and the reference number is 64UQ7M3G
That is all I needed thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
Hello, I am looking for an Indonesian restaurant. Can you help me with that?|I'm so sorry, but I don't see any Indonesian restaurants. Will another cuisine do?
Oh really? Indonesian is the only cuisine I will consider.|My apologies, but there truly aren't any indonesian restaurants listed in all of Cambridge. Would you consider one that serves oriental or indian food?
how about one that serves italian food?|there are 22 of them. what is your price range?
It should be in the cheap price range and in the centre of town.|I have three to choose from. Would you like me to suggest something?
Yes, please. Which would you consider to be the most authentic?|pizza hut city centre is nice
I will try that.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you get me a table for 3 at the pizza hut?|Sure!  For what day, time and how many do you need it for?
I will be there on thursday at 5 pm. 6 people please.|Ok.  I was able to get you a table for 17:00.  Your reference number is N5G8UXRG.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 08:00.|what is your destination and which day could you like to travel?
I want to go to Stevenage, on Sunday.|The train leaves at 5:00.
Can you make a booking and give me its reference number?|Actually, it's at 5:21. If you still want to take that train, how many tickets would you like for me to book for you?
Yes, 3 tickets please.|Wonderful! I have booked 3 tickets for train TR5390 to stevenage on Sunday and your reference number is QKQURGH5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all I need today.|Okay, great! Have a lovely visit!
I want to find a park to visit in town.|There are 5 parks around town. What part of town would you prefer to visit the park in?
I don't really care, just pick one and give me the phone number please.|The Milton Country Park has free admission.  They are located on the North and the phone number is 01223420060.
Thanks!  I also need help finding a train leaving friday arriving by 21:15.|I have train TR3342 ariving at 21:01.
I need to go to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|TR5694 leaves at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52 giving you plenty of time. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes please, a ticket for one, and may I also know the price?|Booked! The price is 10.1 pounds to be paid at the station. Reference number: 2CDCW6I7.
Fantastic. Thank you very much for all of your assistance.|Thank you and have a good trip.
I am looking for a particular attraction called The Place. I need more information about it.|Sure. It is a nightclub in the south area. Do you need the address or phone number?
Just the postcode and entrance fee I am afraid.|22 sidney street is the address
Could you please tell me the postcode?|Of course, sorry about that.  The postcode is cb23hg.  Can I be of any further assistance to you today?
What is the entrance fee for it?|Unfortunately, I am not sure of the entrance fee to The Place. You can call them to find out: 01223324600.
Thank you. I will also need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Tuesday, would you be able to help me?|I need some more information first. Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to arrive by 16:00.|There are five trains that will arrive by 16:00, the train that arrives closes to that time is TR315 which arrives at 13:51
That one will work. Can you book it for 4 people?|I booked your train for 4 people. The reference number is T6X9JMIA and the total fee is 94.4 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be everything.  Thank you for you help.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I would like to find a place to stay in Cambridge with free wifi.|I have several different options. In order to narrow them down, is there a certain price rang you would prefer?
In the moderate price range please. Oh and it needs to be a guesthouse.|Alright, I have found 14 recommendations. Do you know what area you would prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I need to know if they have free parking.|I'm sorry, but I'm running into some errors in my system. Could you please restate your hotel requirements?
I'm looking for a place to stay- a guesthouse. It needs to be in the moderate price range and needs to have free wifi.|I have the a and b guest house and it does have free internet. Would you like to book this?
Could you tell me what area it is in and whether it has free parking?|The A & B Guesthouse does not have free parking.
I also need a train for Friday departing from Ely to Cambridge for 5 people and arriving by 16:30. Can you book this and get a reference number for me?|The closest match for you would be the TR4389. You'll depart at 15:35 and arrive at 15:52. Reference number D40MV6A4. 22 GBP payable at the station.
Great thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using our system?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|There's a lot to do in cambridge. Are you looking for a ceratin type of attraction there?
I would like a train|Where will you be departing from and on what day?
I want to leave bishops stortford on Monday, going to Cambridge.|The TR1827 arrives in Cambridge from Bishops Stortford at 14:07 is 38 minutes long and cost 10.10'lbs. Does this work for you?
Yes, thank you. Are there any theatre on the east side of town?|there are no theatre in the east
Can you locate me a restaurant within 1 mile of the train station.|I'm sorry there are many choices.  Can you narrow it down for me a little bit.
Not worried about food. I actually need to find some entertainment.|I have 5 theatres in town, but they are all in the centre of town or the south.
No thank you that will be all|Okay happy i could assist.
Wait! Can I get the postcode for your favorite entertainment venue in the east?|funky fun house is my favourite and its postcode is cb58hy. is that it?
Well, it would be but I realized my train needed to leave Bishops after 21:15.  Please rebook that for me.|Would a 21:29 be okay?
Yes that will be fine. Thank you!|is there anything else i can help you?
I just need a a new confirmation number, thanks.|Sure your reference number is: PDGADKQI.
Thank you! Okay, NOW we've covered everything. Have a great day! Thanks again for all the help!|I'm glad I could help you plan your trip. If you need anything else please contact at Cambridge TownInfo centre and we'll be happy to help. Have a great day!
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.|Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.|Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.|The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
I also need a place to stay, I'd like possibly a guesthouse with free wifi.|Ok i will find you one as soon as possible and inform you thanks a lot
I want a train that goes to stansted airport and leaves from cambridge.|There are many that leave cambridge and go to stansted airport; what day would you like to leave and what time?
I need the train to leave after 09:15 on Saturday.|I have train TR2755 that will leave at 09:40 and put you at the airport by 10:08. Would that work for you? If not, I have later trains.
That train works well.|Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes please. Get me 8 tickets for my party as well as a reference number.|Your reference number is UKOTND0A. Would you like anything else today?
I also need a hotel that has free parking. I don't need internet or anything like that.|I have 29 places to stay with free parking. Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Are any of the 29 places, guest houses?  I would actually prefer a hotel rather  than a guest house.|There are 8 hotels that match that description. Did you have a price range or area in mind?
I need a 4 star hotel in the east, please.|Sure.  There are six different options in that area.  What were you looking for as far as price range and amenities?
It really doesn't matter. I don't need internet.  I just for sure want a 4 star place.|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is a cheaper guesthouse that offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like more info for them?
I think this is what I needed. Thanks.|Is there anything else that you need?
I need a room for 4 for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 544D87NG.
Thank you! Can you also get me a train going to Cambridge that day?|Sure! I just need to know where you plan on departing from and what time you'd like to leave.
I want to leave from stevenage after 14:30.|TR1800 leaves at 15:54 and arrives at 16:43. Will that one work for you?
Yes, it will be fine.  I need tickets for the same group of people please.|Train TR1800 is booked. The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is H0J6YFX. May I help with something else?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.
I am looking for the Nusha. Can you help me?|Sure, that is a fun entertainment venue located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, on Clifton Road.
what is the fee ?|Unfortunately, they often change so we do not have that information. But I can give you their phone number. It is 01223902158. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a book a train, leaving cambridge after 21:30.|Ok and what is your destination?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street on Friday.|TR9557 leaves at 21:59, or, if that is too close to 21:30, TR3138 leaves at 23:59. Do either of those options work for you?
Yes, can you give me arrival times and prices, please?|Yes the train arrives at 23:27 and the price of the fare is 16.60 pounds.
Thank you goodbye|Have a great day.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called hamilton lodge.|Sure thing, here is the address 156 chesterton road
Thanks! Can you book a room for 5 people please? We'll be arriving on Monday and staying 5 nights.|I have that room booked for you. The reference number is RNC1KZBT.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for information on the Scott Polar Museum.|Scott Polar Museum is in the centre.  Phone number is 01223336540.  Postcode is cb21er, address is lensfield road and entrance fee is free.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all. Thank you very much.|My pleasure, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Sorry, I had another concern. I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 17:15|Where will you be departing from and do you have a particular day you wish to leave?
I want to depart Wednesday from Norwich|There are several options meeting your criteria. What time would you prefer to depart?
It doesn't matter. I just need the travel time, departure time, and train ID.|TR0033 is the latest train that meets your requirements and leaves norwich at 15:16. If you want to catch an earlier train, they depart hourly. Anything else I can do?
That will be all for now.Thank you very much|You are very welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre! We appreciate your business, have a great a day.
Thank you for your help!|Have a great day.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you suggest some places I could visit in town?|Sure, there's lots to do here? Is there a certain area or type you're looking for?
What's your favorite college to visit? I'm not picky about the area.|There are 18 of them in the city. Do you mind an entrance fee or would you prefer one that's free?
Please just tel me which one you think best, then provide the area it is in and the phone number.|queens' college is pretty great. It's in the west. Their number is 01223335511.
That's fine.  I also need a train from Cambridge to stevenage.|What day would you like to travel, and what time would you leave or arrive by?
I would like that the train should leave on saturday and after 16:15.|Alright, TR4216 leaves at 17:21. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, book me for 1 please.|You're all set. Your reference number is R55DTSWS and there will be a 10.24 GBP fee due at the station.
What is the arrival time?|The arrival time for that train is 18:10, is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the train ID?|The train ID is TR4216. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thank you|Have a great day!
I need a train out to London Liverpool Street on Saturday.|What time do you need to leave on Saturday?
I'd like to leave sometime after 16:15, leaving from Cambridge.|The first train after 16:15 TR8824 leaves at 17:59. Shall I book it for you?
Can you tell me how much that will cost and how long the journey is?|Yes, it will cost 13.28 pounds and take approximately 88 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Thank you for everything!|Sure. Let me know if you need anything else.
Okay. Thank you.|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I'm planning my trip and I need a train going to broxbourne and arrive by 17:30.|What is your departure site and what day are you travelling?
Im leaving Cambridge and it will be on Saturday|What time would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 17:30.|I have several trains available.  What time would you like to depart?
I am not particular about departure time, please book 6 seats on the one arriving earliest and let me know the reference number.|Reference number is : MO8SEC17.  Train ID TR8674. Is there anything else?
Yeah, I need to grab something to eat. I'm looking for a malay place in the centre of town.|Unfortunately there is no Malaysian food in the centre. Do you want a different type of food, or would you like me to search a different part of town?
How about some Indian food.  Is there any in the centre?|Sure, there are a number of options.  Did you have a certain price range in mind?
It doesn't matter, can you recommend one and book me a table for 6.|I would suggest Curry Garden. For what day should I make your reservation?
Yes please. I need a table for 6 at 12:45 on Saturday.|Your reservation for 6 people at Curry Garden this Saturday at 12:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : AEN16UHV.
Thank you. You have answered all my questions and I am all set now. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Is there a modern European restaurant in the north?|I found city stop restaurant. They are located at Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
That sounds lovely!|Would you like me to help you with reserving a table?
Maybe. Is that restaurant in the moderate price range?|No, they are in the expensive price range. Is this okay, or would you like to try another area?
How about a restaurant that serves Indian food?|There are several restaurants what part of town would you like it?
A restaurant in the north, please.|I was able to locate The Nirala in the north area which is moderately priced.  Would that work?
Sounds great! Can you make a reservation for 6 people at noontime on Sunday?|Reservation for sunday at 12:00 for 6 is made, her is your reference number: 2FWJ0KXT. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by 09:15.|There are several trains leaving Cambridge and arriving by 9:15, do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to Leicester on Sunday.|The closest arrive time for leicester that I have is 09:06.  It leaves cambridge at 07:21.  How many people will be traveling?
There will be 2 of us. Can you please provide the reference number after you create the booking?|I have your tickets booked. The reference number is ZJP3WID9.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to have 4 star rating and free wifi.|I have a number of places so maybe we can narrow it down. Can you tell me what area of town you would like to stay?
I would like to stay in the east, there is no need for parking.|I think allenbell would be a good choice. Would you like me to book it?
No, I would just like the address and hotel type, please.|The Allenbell is a guesthouse. And they are located at 517a Coldham Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  I appreciate your help today.  Goodbye!|you're welcome. its always a pleasure to serve you
can you help me get to cambridge by 8:30 on friday?|I've located several trains that will arrive Friday by 8:30. To help narrow your search, where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from norwich.|I have 2 trains arriving by 8:30 in Cambridge on Friday, one arrives by 6:35, the other by 7:35. Would you like to book a seat for one of these?
What is the departure time for the train that arrives at 7:35, and how much do the tickets cost for that one?|That train leaves at 6:16 and costs 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes that would be great I am also looking for places to go in town|Your reference is S666W6BF, what are you looking to go do in town?
I'm looking for a place in the centre, some type of college. I need to know the entrance fee as well.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Are you looking for one in particular?
No, i am not.|Trinity college has an entrance fee of 1 pound.
Okay, that sounds good.  Thank you for your help!|No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you.|Glad I could be of help.  Call if you need anything else.
Greetings, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and am looking for entertainment venues in the centre of town.|There are 5 different entertainment venues in cambridge, however known are located in the centre. Did you want to visit on in a different part of town? Maybe the east?
No I prefer the centre area.|We don't have anything listed under entertainment for the centre area, but there are a variety of other things to do. Are you interested in the theater or perhaps the cinema?
What about a museum in the center of town -- is there anything like that?|The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is located in the center of town.
Thank you can I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|Sure, there isn't an entrance fee, that's nice. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz.
I also need a train.|there are several trains, where is your departure and when?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage. I need to leave after 12:30 on Saturday.|It appears that TR6998 will be your best bet. It leaves at 13:21.
Okay, sounds good. Will you book that for 4 people and get me a reference number, please?|I have a 13:21 train departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:10 on Saturday. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect!|Alright, your train tickets have been booked and your reference number is ZEWG9O60. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all, I got the reference number. Have a great day.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any questions that may arise.
I want to find a Chinese restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 10 choices and we have cheap, moderate and expensive options, any preference?
I would like a suggestion of a moderately priced Chinese place.|I recommend Jinling Noodle Bar.  It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Center.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you please for three at 17:00.|On what day would you like your reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|What day would you like to dine on ?
I want a reservation for 2 people at 17:30 on thursday. Sorry, I don't know why I said the other thing before that. I must be going crazy.|Your table was booked. Your reference number is 42XEDGDF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a Friday train to Broxbourne.|Certainly. Will you be departing from Cambridge? What time would you like to leave after or arrive by? There are departures every hour from 5:01 through 23:01.
I would like to leave Cambridge after 15:45.|The next train after 15:45 leaves at 17:01 from Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it and provide the reference number.|How many train tickets would you like to book?
2 please and I need a ref. number.|Okay, booked it and your ref. is TJGHMT3I.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you. Let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with.
I need to leave from Cambridge on Wednesday.  Can you help me find a train?|We have several that fit the bill, do you have a destination?
I would like to go to ely, and arrive by 17:45.|Do you have a time you would like to leave?
i want to leave as late as possible and still arrive by 17:45.|I can book you on the TR6745 leaving at 15:50 and arriving at 16:07.
That sounds wonderful!|How many tickets will you need?
I don't need a ticket, I just need to know the price and travel time, please.|That train will leave at 15.50 and arrive at 16:07.  the cost is 4.40 pounds.
Great. I also need a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.|i dont happen to have any multiple sports venues in the centre. would you like me to find something else?
What about architecture in the centre?|I recommendvLittle saint mary's church don't let the name fool you, they are large and have a lot to see, would you like more information?
Can I get the address, please?|The address is Little Saint Mary's Lane.  Is there anything else you need to know?
No thank you that will be all|It was nice talking to you.  If you need assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to text us again.  Goodbye!
I need to get a train from cambridge to london liverpool street.|There are trains from 5:59 to 23:29 from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What is your preferred day and time of departure?
I would like to leave on Friday, after 10:30, please.|There are several trains that might work for you. The earliest is TR1750, departing at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to book it?
Could you actually tell me the price on that?|Of course, the cost for one ticket will be 16.60 pounds.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find an upscale place to stay that offers free wifi?|Certainly, I have results for 5 upscale hotels with wifi and free parking. Do you have an area preference you'd like to stay in?
I don't have an area preference but I would like a guesthouse.|I'm sorry but I don't have nay guesthouses matching that criteria. Could we look at hotels instead?
Yes that will be fine.  Could you recommend a nice hotel?|I found 5 hotels, 2 in centre, one east, one west, and one south, would one of those work for you?
Are there any moderately priced guesthouses with wifi and free parking?|How about Home from Home, in the north of the city? 4 stars, moderately priced, free internet AND parking.
And this is a guesthouse, correct? If so, I would love the postcode and address please.|Yes it is. It's address is 78-80 milton road, postcode cb41la. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, just one person staying one night.|Do you want the room for Friday?
Not yet, just needed the info given, thanks.|ok great, have a great day!
Thank you so much, bye.|Let me know if you need a reservation in the future.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to Kings Lynn.|Certainly. Where will you be leaving from and on what day?
I'm coming from Cambridge and would like to arrive at Kings Lynn by 8 p.m. Monday.|TR7803 will leave at 18:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 18:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please. Thank you so much!|How many seats will you need?
None right now but could you just tell me the price, train ID, and travel time?|TR7803 will leave at 18:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 18:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves African food.|I found Bedouin matching your request.  Would you like to book a table there?
Is it in the moderate price range?|No it is in an expensive price range.
Okay let's look for a moderately priced international restaurant, book me a table anywhere for 8 people at 14:45 on Monday.|I am sorry but there are no moderate price international restaurant available.  Would you like to try another food or price range?
Okay, then let's go back to my first choice, African cuisine. You mentioned the Bedouin, earlier. Is it in the city centre?|It is located in the centre and is expensive.
Yes, I would like to book please.|I reserved a table for eight people at the Bedouin on Monday at 14:45. Reference number is LGUNVWOU. Hold time will be for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well!
I need to book a train to norwich that arrives by 16:15.|What day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Wednesday from Cambridge.|The TR1144 leaves Cambridge for Norwich on Wednesday at 05:36. Would that be good for you?
What is the price and travel time?|The price is 17.60 pounds.
And what is the travel time?|It is 79 minutes.
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|there are not. i do have one in the east part of town. would you like the information for that venue?
Thats ok. I really want something in the centre. How about any suggestions on a good college to visit?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Is there anything you need?
Could you please get me the phone number?|sure it's 01223334900
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you, have a good day!
Hi, can you please give me information on the restaurant The Gardenia?|The Gardenia serves cheap mediterranean food in the city centre. Would you like the address, or have me book you a table?
I'd like a table for 4 on Monday please.|What time will you be dining?
We'll be dining at 15:30. Please send the reference number once you're done.|Your reference number is KIXYYGY0. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. Can you help me book a train to cambridge?|What is your destination and departure location?
I will leave from Stevenage and head to Cambridge.|I have a number of trains leaving from stevenbridge to cambridge on friday. Do you have a time preference?
Yes, can you book tickets for 4 on a train that arrives at or just before 11:30?|ok its book reference # is ZJXDBRKW
Great that's all I needed help with today, thank you.|Thank you for using our service today!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge, moderate price for a hotel.|Are there any amenities that you are looking for? Parking? Internet?
I'd like free parking.|What area would you like to stay in?
I don't really have a preference for area. But I would like it to be a hotel rather than a guesthouse. And I would love free parking.|We have ashley hotel and lovell lodge, shall I book you for one of the two?
I need it for 7 people. 5 nights starting Sunday.|Which of the 2 hotels should I book for you?
How about the Ashley Hotel?|Booking was successful. Reference number is L1S8JNAC. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on sunday.  I need to leave after 19:30.|TR2021 is leaving at 20:24 would that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for my group. We'll all be traveling together.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : EZIAXWCQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great! I'm glad I could be of help. Have a good day.
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.|There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.|I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.|I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house.|Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
I would like to find an Italian restaurant that's expensively priced.|Clowns Cafe at 54 King Street City Centre would work well for you. Would you like me to book it?
I want to book a table for 6 people at 20:00 on thursday.|Unfortunately I wasn't able to book that time for you. Would you like to try for another time or day?
Yes please. Can you try 19:00 instead?|Booking was successful. 
Reference number is : SUTXD8Y6.  is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a train out of cambridge on Friday.|I can book you one that leaves at 05:00. How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets please.|I have 202 results. Where would you like to arrive?
I need it to arrive at Birmingham New Street|Okay there are 19 trains making that trip do you have a time you prefer?
Sometime after 8:30, please.|I have 15 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 9:01 to 23:01. The trip duration is 163 minutes. What time would you prefer?
Please book for 6 people the train that departs at 9:01.|I successfully booked you on Train TR3732 for 6 people, total fee of 450.6 GBP.  Your reference number is 2ZQNPAPB.
Thank you. That was all I needed for today. Thank you very much.|No problem at all! Remember that the Cambridge TownInfo centre is here for all your 411 needs!
Hi, I am searching for a museum to attend in the centre of town.|There are 11 total museums in the centre of town. Would you prefer suggestions for art museums, history museums, science museums, galleries...?
I don't care of the type of museum.|I have located Williams Art and Antiques located at Gwydir Street, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Would you like to visit this museum or would you like another suggestion?
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee if any, and it's postcode?|It is free to get in. The postcode is cb12lj.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like a good steak.|I can help you find a fantastic steakhouse. Do you have a preference for the area of price range of the restaurant?
No thanks, I actually need a train. I'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on Sunday. I need to leave after 19:15.|Ok, there are 10 different trains, what time did you want to arrive by so we can narrow it down a bit.
Before that, I need a booking for 3 people. Does that narrow it down?|Sorry, that doesn't really narrow it down, they all have plenty of open seats.
I would like to book the train with the shortest travel time, if that narrows it down. I will also need the reference number.|Train TR3922 is leaving at 19:19 and arriving at 20:09. Booking was successful for 3 tickets, totaling 39.59 GBP. The Reference number is : WF0T26CV.
Thank you very much. That was all I needed. Have a great day.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I am looking for a train for three people from the stansted airport to arrive by 12:45. I need to leave on Thursday and go to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave I just want to arrive by 12:45|There is one that leaves at 11:24 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would work. I need 3 tickets please.|Your 3 tickets are booked, the reference number is C3VMMP9M and the total fee of 30.29 GBP is payable at the station.
Thank you so much, that is it for today.|Glad I could help. Hope you have a great day.
You as well. Goodbye.|Good bye and enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves austrian food in the centre.|I'm sorry, but no restaurants match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about something in the expensive price range?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town, but no austrian ones. In fact, there are no austrian restaurants in all of cambridge.
Ok, how about an expensive Italian restaurant around the centre?|Would you like to book don pasquale pizzeria? It matches all of your latest criteria.
Yes.  I'd also like their phone number please.|Don Pasquale Pizzeria's phone number is 01223350106, what date, time, and number of people would you like to book?
That's all the info I need on the pizzeria. I also need a train to leave after 20:15 and depart from stansted airport.|The first train leaves from stanstead airport on friday at 20:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually I need a train on Sunday, please.|Alright, I have the earliest on Sunday leaving at 20:24 from Stansted Airport. Should I book this train for you?
What is the arrival time in Cambridge?|The 20:24 train from stansted arrives in cambridge at 20:52. It's a quick, 28-minute trip!
What is the name of the stop where I need to get off for the restaurant?|the train stop is cambridge.
Should I book this train for you?|There are 4 trains available one leaves at 20:24 would that work for you?
I will just need the arrival time please.|The arrival time for TR2021 is 20:52.
Please book that train for me.|I would be happy to book TR2021 for you. The cost is 8.08 a ticket. How many tickets will you need?
That's actually all I need this afternoon. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need any more information.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|What area in cambridge would you like to stay?
I'm actually looking to book a specific hotel. It is called the Alpha-Milton Guest House.|Okay, can you tell me how many people are staying, how many days you want to stay and when you begin your stay, please?
I'd like to start my stay on Wednesday, it will be for two nights, and it will be 6 people.|Ok, so you are all booked. Reference number is NM7IWBOC.
Thanks so much.  I also need a train to arrive in Peterborough by 16:45.|Would you like to take the TR8327 on Friday, it arrives at 16:24?
I just want to verify that train leaves from Cambridge correct? If so, can you book it for 6 people and provide the reference number.|Yes, that is correct. I have booked it for you, the reference number is IBM6BL8X and will be leaving at 15:34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  Goodbye.|Alright, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a moderately placed modern european restaurant?|how about galleria? i hear it's lovely
Sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at 18:30 on thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3G88NRTV.
I also need to get a train.|Where is your departure and destination?
I'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and I need to get there by 12:30 on thursday.|There are 6 trains to choose from. Should I book one of them for you?
I there one that arrives close to the 12:30 time?|The train that will arrive closest to 12:30 is TR2058. You will arrive by 11:54. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please and provide me with a reference number.|The booking was successful, and your reference number is R7U78R0G. The fee is 37.79 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything, thank you so much for your help!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your meal!
I would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves barbeque. Can you help?|Nothing matches that search, can I try a different area or restaurant type?
Oh, that's too bad.  How about Italian?|Yes I have two in the south. do you have a preference in price range?
Either one is fine, Ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at 18:45 on thursday.|i have booked frankie and bennys	and Reference number is : JMGIG52I.
Great!  Thank you.  Have a great day!|Thank you! You as well!
I need a cheap place with a free WiFi to stay. Can you assist to find one?|I certainly can. Does location matter?
No. Also, I forgot to mention that I would like a guesthouse also.|I have 9 options for you. Do you have a preference on star rating?
No, no preference really. Can you suggest one of the 9. I would like to book a room please.|I could suggest for you Alexander bed and breakfast, It is in 56 saint Barnabas road.
The 6 of us would like to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Could you book that for me, please?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is K9NL8J4J.
Can you look for a train to Cambridge on Saturday as well?|Where are you departing from?
I will leave from Stansted Airport.|There are 19 trains from stansted airport to cambridge on saturday. is there a particular time you'd like to leave?
I want to arrive by 9:00.|There is a train departing from Stansted airport it will arrive at 8:52. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sounds great. Please book for Saturday and provide me with the travel time.|I will book that for you and the train leaves at 8:24.
Could you possible email or fax me the reference number, train number, and the time? I appreciate your assistance.|How many tickets will you need?
I need 6 tickets. Please give me the train details.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : FGLXQ5ZD.
that is it for today thanks for helping|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I sure am looking forward to trying some of your local food when I get there.  Can you help me find a train?|Yes, there are many trains where are you going and leaving from? What time do you want to arrive or depart?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.|Where will you be departing from and what time?
I am departing from Cambridge after 21:00.|I have train TR8453 leaving at 21:11 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that works. Is there a seat available?|Yes there is. Would you like reservations?
Yeah, I just need a ticket for myself.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is R547NJH2.
I also am looking for an expensive caribbean restaurant.|i dont happen to have any caribbean restaurants in town. can i look for something else for you?
How about Gastropub?  In the centre?|There are 3 expensive gastropubs in the centre.  My personal favorite is backstreet bistro.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but can i have their post code?|Their postcode is cb12qa
Thank you for all your help!|Have a nice day.
I want to go to a theatre. Do you have any suggestions for one in town?|Yes, should I book you a ticket at cambridge arts theatre.
Yes. But could you also get the address of the theatre for me?|Sure, no problem they are located at 6 Saint Edward's Passage. Is there anything else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after 12:15. Can you help?|Can you give me a departure and arrival station?
I am going to Cambridge and need to leave from Bishops Stortford.|There are 6 trains. Would you like to leave at 13:29?
Yes. May I have the price, travel and arrival time please?|The train leaves at 13:29, arrives by 14:07, a total time of 38 minutes, and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thank you very much. You have been very helpful.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay with free parking.  Ideas?|What area of town and what price range are you looking for?
Moderate. I'd like to stay at an actual hotel and would like free internet as well.|How about the Ashley Hotel?  It is in the North area and is moderately priced with free internet and free parking.
Yes, actually that will work. Can you reserve a room for Friday for 7 people, 5 nights?|Your hotel has been booked. Your reference number is  E174AW95. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you for the reservation! Yes, I also need a train departing on Friday.|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Thursday. I need to leave by 17:00.|There are several, could you tell me where you are departing from and going to and what time you would like to arrive by?
I'm sorry, we'll actually be traveling on Friday and departing from Leicester.|What is your destination?
I'll be going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 09:00.|The TR4256 train leaves leicester at 7:09 and arrives at cambridge at 8:54 on Friday. Would you like me to book it or more information?
That sounds great, can you book passage for 7, please?|Booking was confirmed. The total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YYGDU1VR.
Awesome!  Thank you for all of your help, this was easier than I thought it would be.|Welcome, enjoy your day!
I would like to leave cambridge on sunday. Can you check on trains for me?|Sure, I can check on that for you. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to bishops stortford.|And at what time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 18:15.|There are 7 trains leaving Cambridge that can have you there by 18:15. They leave Bishops stortford starting at 05:29 and leave every 2 hours after that.
I'd like the earliest and need the train ID and travel time please. I'm also looking for an expensive Indian restaurant, what options are there?|TR6572 is the earliest train leaving at 05:29. I found many indian restaurants. Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
Not a specific area, just enough for the restaurant to hold 7 people.|Curry Garden is very nice. They're an expensive Indian restaurant in the city centre. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at 13:00?|Your table at Curry Garden has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes past the reservation time. The reference number is 6X4B5F77. Need anything else today?
That's all. Thanks!|You are so welcome. Have a great day and enjoy Cambridge!
I want to get a train out of Cambridge that departs after 20:45 please.|What is your destination and day of travel?
I wish to go to New York City leaving this Friday.|I'm sorry, but I can't help you with travel outside of Cambridge and the surrounding areas.
Ok. How about a train to the Stansted airport?|I found three, one leaving at 21:40, 22:40, and 23:40 which would you like to go?
I would like to book the 21:40 train on Wednesday for one person please. I also need a reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : VJ3ZAO4F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking to eat some north african food.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|I cannot find any restaurant that serves north african food in the area.
How about Thai food?|There are 2 restaurants that serve thai food; one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a location preference?
The one in the west works please. Can you pleas book it for me on the same day at about 13:15.|How many people will be dining?
I'll be dining alone.|Unfortunately no table is available at that time do you have another time?
Could you please check for a table at 12:15 and can I have the reference number?|Alright, I have you booked at Sala Thong at 12:15. Reference number is: QIH3G407. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be everything. Thank you very much!|You're welcome - safe travels!
I am looking for a cheap place to eat in the east part of town.|I just happen to have one place that is cheap in the east. They serve international food. It's called the Missing Sock. Would that be of interest to you?
Do they serve International food? That's what I was hoping for!|They do serve international food.
No thank you that will be all|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day.
I would love to get some information on the abbey pool and astroturf pitch|Of course, Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Phone number 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
You said that's in the east, correct?|Yes, that's located in the east part of Cambridge.
How often do trains depart peterborough going to cambridge during the week?|The trains leave twice per hour at :19 and :48 with the first train leaving at 5:19 and the last train leaving at 23:48. Do you need to book a seat?
NOt at this time.  Thanks for your help|Okay is there something else I can do?
Actually, I would like to book a train. It needs to arrive by 20:30. I'd like to book for 3 people.|There are many trains. Do you have a preference for departure time?
Yes I would like to arrive by 20:30 in Cambridge from Peterborough.|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to depart on Wednesday.|Okay the TR9969 leaves at 19:19 and arrives at 20:09. Book this one?
thanks so much for all of your help I cant wait to get there!|Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I apologize, I am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 3 people.|Train TR9969 has been booked for 3 people. Your reference number is : P5EYMMIG. Is there anything else I can do for your today?
How about a moderately prices Italian restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|We haven't talked about a hotel.
You're right. Now that we have the train booked, that's all I need.|Have a good trip!
I'd like a train leaving on Tuesday from Kings Lynn, please.|Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 17:30.|Ok I can book you on TR8177 from Kings lynn to Cambridge on Tuesday. How many seats do you need?
I just needed the info, no booking just yet. Thanks! goodbye.|Thank you for using or system.  Good bye.
Have a great day|Thank you and have a great day.
I actually need a place to stay as well. Something in the east please.|We have 6 guesthouses and one hotel on the eastside, you looking for any specific amenities or have a price range in mind?
I am looking for something that is moderately priced with free wifi.|I have the a and b guesthouse that has wifi and is moderately priced.
Sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to check in on a different day or shorten your stay?
Yes let's go ahead and make it for just 1 night then.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is AAO2UA2S. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should do it! Thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi, can you help me figure out a train schedule, please? I need to travel to London Liverpool Street sometime after 18:45.|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Saturday|The TR2166 train leaves at 19:59 on Saturday, would that work?
Yes, may I please have the price?|The cost per ticket is 13.28 pounds. Can I assist you in booking a ticket?
Yes please.  Also I am looking for a 4 star hotel with a moderate price range.  Can you make a recommendation?|We only have guesthouses that fit your requests, would you like a different hotel?
A guesthouse in the north should be perfect.|How about the Acorn Guest House in the north? It's 4 stars and a moderate price. I would be happy to help you with a reservation.
I won't be needing to book the train.  Regarding the guest house, does it have free parking?|Yes it does offer free parking and they also offer internet. Would you like to book a room?
No, but could you provide me with their postcode and phone number please.|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223353888 and the postcode is cb41da.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|No problem, have a great day.
Are there many places to stay with mid-range prices?|Yes, we have several options! Do you have a star rating you'd like to have it be?
Yes, a 3-star guesthouse would be perfect. Free parking too, please!|There are three 3-star guest houses in Cambridge. Is there a part of town you were interested in staying in?
No, I don't have a preference. Please just pick one, and book it for 4 people, 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay I have booked you into the Bridge Guesthouse and your reference number is UV8VFH1S.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train the same day that will be going to Cambridge.  Can you help me?|Sure, I can do that for you.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn after 16:00.|There are 8 trains that leave Kings Lynn after 16:00. The earliest leaves at 16:11. Would you like to book this train?
no just the id please|The train leaving at 16:11 is ID# TR5153. May I help you with something else?
That was all that I needed to know, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I want to book a train from stansted airport on thursday.|There are several trains leaving from stansted airport on thursday, is there a specific time you would prefer to leave?
I need it to arrive by 17:15 and go to Cambridge|TR7012 departs the airport at 16:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 16:52.  Would this work for you?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 5P72XENH.
Great, thanks! Can you also recommend something fun to do in town?|What side of town?
What area do you recommend for entertainment?|I am not showing anything in the Centre, is there another area you would like to try?
Well, what area do you recommend for entertainment?|How about in the South part? There are two venues, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like information about one of those?
Sure, could I have the address and phone number for both?|Nusha : unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road cb17dy , phone: 01223902158. Tempin : cambridge leisure park, clifton way cb17dy 	08715501010
Thank you for the entertainment information in the south. That's it. You've been helpful. Goodbye.|You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
Yes, I am going for luxorious today.  I need to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are a lot to chose from what type of food do you want to eat?
I'd prefer Italian food please.|We have 4 matches in the centre area of the town. Do you know the name of the place by any chance?
No, I was hoping for a recommendation.|d recommend clowns cafe
Sounds good. Can you reserve me a table for 8 people on Wednesday at 13:15 please?|Your reservation at Clowns Cafe for this wednesday at 13:15 for 8 people was successful. Your Reference number is : XLDDAGQJ.
I need a train to stansted airport on Thursday that arrives by 19:30.|Sure.  Train TR5476 leaves Cambridge at 18:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 19:08.  Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the travel time for that one?|It's 28 minutes. It's very fast.
Thank you very much!|Anything else you need today?
nope you have been great!|Thank you. Enjoy your dining experience and don't hesitate to call again.  Have a great day!
I need help finding a cheap restaurant|What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm interested in European cuisine.|We have the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre area, would you like more information?
Can you book me a table there for 7 on Friday at 19:45?|Yes.  Your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is ODB8T8HO.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes can you help me find a train as well?|Sure! Where would you like to come from? What day of the week and what time?
I would like to leave in Saturday.|We have several options!  Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Ely please.|Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
The train should arrive by 13:00 and should depart from cambridge.|Your best best is TR0721, leaving Cambridge at 11:50 and arriving Ely at 12:07. The trains only run every 2 hours on Saturdays.
Okay. Can you go ahead and book that train for 7 people please? And give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : OKXUNQ4W
Thanks for the help, goodbye!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for lodgings offering free wifi and free parking.|Certainly, which part of town would you prefer to stay in?
The centre, please.|There are 4 choices for you to choose from. May I recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I will need something with free wifi and parking|Yes, the Alexander offers those. El Shaddai, Gonville Hotel, or the University Arms Hotel all do as well, if those sound more appealing. Can I book you a room?
Are they in the east or centre?|All of them are in the Centre.  Two are in the cheap price range and two are expensive. Would any of those suit?
I really wanted a hotel in the moderate price range. Can you look in the east please?|I have 2 options here. Shall I book you for carolina bed and breakfast?
Sure, could I get the address please?|138 perne road is the address. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a train from cambridge to stevenage on Friday. I need to arrive by 08:15.|Thank you for being so informative. I have two trains available. Both will get you there before 08:15. One leaves at 05:21 and the other at 07:71. Which do you prefer?
I will take the 5:21. Can you please give me the travel time, train ID, and price?|The travel time of the 5:21 is 49 minutes, arriving at 6:10. Train ID is TR2515 and the price is 12.80 pounds. How many tickets?
I don't want to book at this time, just the information. So that's all thanks!|Glad I could help. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.|I've got 21 guesthouses that offer free parking, what part of town would you like to stay in?
The part of town does not matter but I would like a 4 star rating and free wifi.|I think you would like the Acorn Guest House.  It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Can you confirm that it has a 4 star rating and free wifi?|yes and would you like me to book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Is there a restaurant called Cocum?|Yes, it is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 18:00 on Monday. Can you please be sure to give me the reference number?|Your booking is successful.  The reference number is TOD8XYZB.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a train departing from Cambridge.|I have multiple trains leaving from Cambridge. What would you like the destination to be so I can narrow it down?
We would like to go to leicester on tuesday.|Of course. What time would you like to travel?
We would need the train to leaver after 11:45.|I have train TR7692 leaving at 12:21 and arriving at 14:06. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, please book for seven and I would like a reference number, please.|You're all booked.  The total fee is 264.59 GBP and your reference number is HC7OJ4LI
Thank you that was all|You're welcome, have a lovely trip!
Hi there, I've heard of something fun to do in the city called Nusha but I'm not sure where it is. Can you help me figure out how to get there?|Nusha is an entertainment venue on the south side of town. Would you like their address and/or contact information?
No, I am familiar with the south side.  Thanks for your help.  That is all I really need to know.  Bye.|Ok. Have a good day!
Oh, wait, can you help me find a train to Cambridge?|Sure! Where are you coming from, what day are you coming, and what time do you want to get here?
I'm leaving on Tuesday anytime after 14:45 and I'm coming from Ely.|TR9420 will leave at 15:35 if that works for you.
What is the travel time, and what time will it arrive at?|Arrival at 15:32 and your travel time is only 17 minutes. Would you like me to get the tickets for you?
Yes and I need the reference number|Your reference number is BIBMWTH4. Is there anything else you need today?
no that's all thank you|I hope you enjoy your trip. Are you sure you have everything you need?
Yes, that is all I need right now. Thank you!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town and I would like it to be a museum.|How does the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sound?  It is in the centre and has free admission.
What's the postcode for that?|The post code for the Museum of Archaeology and anthropology is cb23dz.
Can I also get the phone number for that?|The phone number is 01223333516.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'll also need a train on Monday.|I can help you with that, what destination, departure site, and time would you like to travel?
leaving monday from kings lynn after 19:15 going to cambridge. I need to get 2 tickets and may I have the referral number please?|Reference number is : DOA079HV Is there anything else I can help you with
No that would be all thank you|Thank you for using Help Desk. Goodbye.
I need a train for tuesday leaving after 13:15. Do you have one?|I have 229 results for trains leaving after 13:15, could you be more specific on where you want to depart/arrive and what day you are traveling?
Of course, thanks! I'll be traveling on Tuesday, departing from Stevenage.|First train leaves at 13:54 on tuesday
That sounds good. Can I get the train ID and the departure/arrival times?|The ID is TR1830 and it leaves at 13:54 and arrives by 14:43. Do you want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. But can you tell me a little about Churchill College?|Yes, it is located in the west. Address is Storey's way. It is free to enter.
Great, and what type of attraction is Storey's Way?  Also, backing up a bit, can you give me the travel time for Train TR1830?|The travel time for TR1830 is 49 minutes.  What would you like to know about churchill college?
What sort of place is it, and what area of town is it in?|The entrance fee is free and its located in the west area. Churchill college is a college.
Just want to make sure I understand you correctly, Churchill College is a college, but what type of a attraction is it?  Is it a college museum?|It appears to be listed as a college in the West.  Is there any other information on it you would like?
No thank you.|Okay, and is there anything else you need help with or will that be all?
No thank you, that is all I need right now. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I need a train leaving after 18:15 departing from birmingham new street|OK, and what day are you traveling?
Friday. I'll be heading to Cambridge.|Train TR8903 departs for Cambridge on Friday at 18:40.  Will this work for you?
Yes, that works - could you book 3 tickets please. Also, what is the reference number.|I have booked the 3 tickets for you. The reference number is WGU9CZ1C.
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay. It does not need to have free parking and doesn't need to include internet.|I believe the Alpha-Milton Guest House might meet your needs. It's moderately priced in the north, 3 stars, with no internet or parking. Would you like more information?
Is it in the centre?|No I'm sorry alpha-milton guest house is in the north. Do you need something in the centre?
I suppose the north will work for me.|Alright, would you like me to book you a room at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Yes please. Make sure to send me the postcode for the hotel.|The postcode for the Alpha Milton Guest House is cb41xa. How many guests will be staying in your party and how many days? When will your stay begin?
I don't need to book right now. I just needed to know the postcode and the hotel type please. Can you confirm those?|Certainly! It is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb41xa. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I decided that I do need a hotel in the centre.|I have 3 results for hotels in the centre area. Would you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
I don't car, but I'm not bringing a car or computer so I don't need parking or internet. Which ones don't have those?|I recommend the Gonville Hotel. It is an expensive 3-star hotel in the center. I can book a room there, if you like.
That's not necessary. Thanks for the help!|You are welcome.  Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Nope, I think I'm all set.|Thank you for using this system!
I'm looking for a place to in the centre, perhaps a college.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Would you prefer a college without an entrance fee?
No preference. Can you make a recommendation and give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee?|christ's college is great. the address is st andrews st, free entrance & their number is 01223334900, anything else?
I need a train on Saturday after 14:30.|Where are you leaving from and traveling to?
I need to travel to Norwich from Cambridge after 14:30.|The TR1156 leaves at 15:16. Will that work for you?
Yes can I have an arrival time please?|The arrival time is 16:35.
Okay thank you for your help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
I'm looking for asian oriental food in expensive range.|There is Saigon City in the north and Kymmoy in the centre. Do either of those interest you?
Yes.  Could you provide the address and phone number for Kymmoy?|Kymmoy is located at 52 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223311911.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?|Yes, I will send the reference number.
I also need a train leaving Peterborough on Wednesday.|Is there any specific time you would like to leave?
yes, I would like to leave after 10:30.|Train TR4535 leaves at 10: 48 and arrives at 11:38. should I book that?
Can you give me the travel time on that?|The travel time is 50 minutes. Can i help with anything else?
That is all I needed today.|Perfect. Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?|Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.|Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday?|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.|i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday sometime after 16:15.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : A16QWFWX. is that fine with you?
yes and thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. It should leave after 18:45.|What day do you need to travel?
I'll need to leave on Sunday.|TR4440 is the train that leaves earliest at 19:11
Can you tell me how long the trip will be?|the ride is 47 minutes
What is the cost of a ticket?|The ticket is 9.80 pounds.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the city centre. Can you tell me of a moderately priced Indian place?|There is no moderately priced Indian restaurant in the centre but there are three cheap places. I would recommend The Gandhi. Would this be OK or do you want somewhere else?
Is there a moderately priced British restaurant then?|Yes.  There are four moderately priced British places in the centre.  Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes and can I get their phone number.|Restaurant one seven is what I would recommend, their phone number is 01223337766
Thank you! That is all.|Thanks for using this service! have a nice day.
ok thanks, byeeee|Have a good day!
Where in the centre can I dine? I want something expensive.|well then may I suggest kymmoy, they serve asian oriental and that's where I go to dine
Can you recommend a Polish restaurant instead?|Unfortunately, we no longer have any Polish restaurants in town. The only one we had closed last month. Can I find something else for you?
How about one with gastropub food?|There are two options - the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do either of those sound good to you?
Yes can you give me the address and phone number of the slug and lettuce?|Sure. I don't have their telephone number but their address is 34 - 35 Green Street.
Thanks! I also need a train arriving at 17:15 on Monday.|Where you be departing from?
I'm departing from Longon Kings Cross.|There is a train that arrives at 16:08. Would you like to book it?
What's the travel time on that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
What time does it depart?|51 minutes is the length of the ride, anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you.|The train departs from london kings cross at 15:17. Do you want me to book the train for you?
No. I just need to know the departure time and how long it takes.|It departs at 15:17, and is a 51-minute ride. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|There are many moderately priced guesthouses. In which area of town would you like to stay?
I will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse that includes wifi.|My preference would be Arbury Lodge guesthouse. They're in the north, moderately priced, with a 4 star rating and free Internet. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great thank you.|Which day and for how long will you be staying?
There will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes can you please?|Okay your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is VVJWU2MQ.
I also need a train to bishops stortford on friday.|Alright and where are you departing from and do you have specific arrival or departure times in mind?
I'm departing from Cambridge and want to leave after 17:45.|TR5965 leaves at 19:29 and costs 10.10 pounds per seat.  Can I buy a ticket for you?
no thanks. i just needed the information. thanks. bye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I will be in Cambridge during Bastille day, can you help me find a French themed restaurant in the centre?|Sure, there is a place called Cote there.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please for 3 people on Tuesday|What time will you be coming in?
18:00 on tuesday.|I have made your reservation for Tuesday at 18:00 for 3 at Cote restaurant. Your reference number is YV2SMH6M.
Can you help me find a train?|Yes, I can help you. What station will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to broxbourne.|When will you be traveling?
On Monday, and I need to arrive by 12:15|TR5971 departs at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01. Would you like a ticket?
I don't need to book at this time, but can I get the travel time for that route?|Of course! The duration of the trip is 60 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Are there any cinemas in the centre of town?|Yes the is Vue Cinema would you like their information ?
I need help finding a train leaving cambridge after 15:30.|I found 623 trains that leave at that time. What is your destination?
Im going to cambridge|There are no trains leaving cambridge and also going to cambridge, did you mean to choose another destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to leicester..|TR0094 leaves at 16:21 on Friday. Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. Could you book 8 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3P7B0D6T.
thank you for your help|Thank you so much. Have a good day now!
Thank you good bye.|You are more than welcome!
Need a certain restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.|Wonderful! That restaurant is located at Market Hill City Centre, and the telephone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday?|What time would you like to make the reservation for?
15:00 on thursday, please.|Great I was able to get your table, reference number is 41SZJZMV. Make sure you arrive on time they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 09:15 should go to cambridge and depart from ely|There are two trains to choose from, one departing at 05:35 and the other 07:35, do you have a preference?
Can I get the price and travel time for the 7:35 departure?|Sure! The fare is 4.40 GBP per person, and it's a short, 17-minute ride.
Can you book it for me?|I certainly can. How many tickets would you like?
I would like a reservation for 3 people please.  I would like a reference number.|Your tickets are booked.  The reference number is XVS0713S.  Can I do anything else for you?
Nope, thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Perfect!  I hope that you enjoy your travels and please feel free to contact us again if you need anything.  Goodbye!
Hi, I will be in Cambridge soon and need a place to stay that has free parking.|I have 29 results for places to stay with free parking, what area are you looking to stay in?
I am not particular about the area but it should be a hotel and 0 stars please.|Unfortunately, I do not have any matches for your request.
How about a guesthouse with free parking and 0 stars?|There are 2 options for guesthouses with 0 stars and free parking, the City Centre North B and B, and the El Shaddai
I'd like to book El Shaddai, 3 people for 4 nights, starting from Tuesday.|Unfortunately, the hotel was unable to accommodate that stay. We can try fewer days, or beginning on a different day, if you like.
Let`s try the beginning of a different day than.|Sorry, I'm afraid a different day wouldn't work, either. Perhaps you'd like a shorter stay?
How about 3 nights, then?|I was able to book your party for a 3 day stay starting on Tuesday.  Your reference number is TJ4K62L2.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train leaving after 9:15 on Tuesday from Kings lynn to Cambridge.|There are 14 options. When would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter.  I just need to leave Kings Lynn after 9:15.|TR1704 will have you there by 10:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much will that cost me. I am on a budget.|9.80 pounds. I can book that for you, if you like.
Thank you but I will book it myself.  This is all I needed, you were great thanks again!!|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.|There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.|There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, I would appreciate it if you would book that.|Can you tell me the day, number of nights and how many guests please?
Our stay will start on Tuesday for 4 nights. Our party includes 8 people.|Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is DB9C3OVK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Will you need a restaurant booking or attraction information? I can also help with transportation.
no that will be all.|Thank you and have a great day.
Can you help me get a train ticket leaving birmingham new street on sunday please?|We have many options that meet your needs.  Do you have a certain destination in mind?
I am looking to go to cambridge and leave after 21:00 please.|I have three different choices depending on when you want to arrive.  I've got one arriving by 24:23.  Would that work?
That would be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.|Your ticket has been booked, reference number is D77TJZNF
Thank you. Can you tell me what kinds of museums there are in that area?|There are over 20 museums in the city, is there a particular part of town you'd like to be in?
No, I do not have any preference on area.  What would you suggest?|You might like Broughton House Gallery.  Would you like more information about this?
Yes please may I have their postcode?|Sure!  The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's all I need for now, thank you!|You're welcome, have a wonderful visit!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|You're in the right place! What can I help you with.
I want to find out a train schedule for trains leaving from Broxbourne.|And where will you be leaving from and what time and on what day please?
I need to depart broxbourne to cambridge leaving after 20:00 on thursday|There are four trains running from Broxbourne to Cambridge that night, every hour starting at 20:32. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, I need 5 tickets please.|Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 89.5 GBP which can be paid at the station. Your reference number is STB4RJ95.
Thanks! I'm also looking for moderately-priced 4-star accommodations in the north.|acorn guest house would suits your needs. Can I get you a booking?
Yes, I would like to book it.|How many nights would you like to book it for? And will this be for 5 people?
Yes, for 5 people and for 2 nights please.|starting on what day please?
Starting on thursday night please.|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Thank you I appreciate it.|Those days are booked would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you check one more time?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : GVD2TJSE.
It's about time, thanks.  That is everything I need.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
Nope, that will be all for now, thanks!|Have a great day.
One moment i need to located a hair salon near the hotel can you assist me?|Sorry I could not find  a salon nearby.
That's fine I didn't actually need one. I don't need anything else. That's it. Thanks and bye!|I'm glad I could help you today. Goodbye.
I am hoping you might be able to help me find a place to stay last minute. I am on a bit of a budget so I need something moderate.|I have three hotels available. The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge. Do you need parking ?
I need one in the centre and has free wifi.|Then Cityroomz is just for you! It is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. Do you need more information or do you want to book a room?
That is all that I need. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range.|How about the a and b guest house?
Does it have free parking?|No, it does not offer that. Would you like something that does?
Yes.  I need free parking, and I prefer the southern part of town.|ok, I have a couple that meet that criteria. Would you like 3 or 4 stars?
I have no preferences. You can just pick one. I'd like it for 7 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|This is unavailable would you like to book a shorter stay or a different day?
How about 3 nights for the same day and number of people?|Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Bridge Guest House with reference number AH7L4RXZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a train out of Peterborough into Cambridge, please.|When do you need that train?
I need it for Saturday and I want to arrive by 18:15.|TR4494 will depart at 17:19 on saturday and arrive by 18:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Can you book 7 tickets on that train? I'd like a reference number if possible.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8JPQ3AQT.
Great!  You have helped me tremendously.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!|Let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
Can you help me find a train departing from leicester leaving on wednesday?|We have 19 trains from leicester to cambridge by the hour starting at 05:09, do you have a time in mind?
I'm fine leaving any time, as long as I arrive by 12:15.|TR3404 will arrive by 11:54. Do you require more information or would you like to book now?
Great can I get the departure time?|The departure time is 10:09 from leicester. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel called the Allenbell.|The Allenbell actually isn't a hotel. It's a guesthouse.  It's located in east Cambrige. It's located at 517a coldham lane
Oh nice, what postcode is that?|The post code is cb13js. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks. I just needed information. I'm all set now.|thank your and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I need suggestions for a moderately priced restaurant in the center part of town. Can you help me?|There are 21 matches. What type of food do you want?
We're willing to experiment.  I have 7 people.  Anything you recommend?|There is a British restaurant named cotto that you may want to try.
Okay, let's go with that one. I need a table for 7 at 19:15 on Saturday.|You're all set! Your reference number is XDENSO4L. Do you need anything else?
Yes, if you could also help me find a train that will depart from Peterborough.|Sure, we have a lot of trains. Where are you heading to?
I will be heading to Ely.|There don't seem to be any trains going to Ely from Peterborough.
Wait, what? Are you serious?|Yes, very serious. I'm not sure why but it appears all of those trains have been cancelled.
I think we got some crossed wires. I need the train from peterborough to cambridge. I need it for Saturday.|there is a train that leaves at 05:19 am.
Okay, please book the train for 7 people on Saturday.|Do you have a specific departure time or arrival time in mind before I book the train?
Yes, I just need to arrive by 12:15.|There are 13 trains that would get you to Cambridge by 12:15. Train TR8494 would arrive at 12:09. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Yes, please book that for 7 people.|Your total is 92.4 GBP, which you can pay at the station when you pick up the tickets. Your Reference number is : DWZ3T4RK.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.|We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi.|Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.|I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend.|Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Can I get something that is expensive.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east. Can I book you any rooms?
Yes, sunday for 4 nights, 8 people.|Your reservation for 8 at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 64O9EZWU. Anything else today?
Just to check, you booked the hotel for the same day as the train correct?|Yes, both the train and hotel have been booked for Sunday. Is there anything I can help you with?
That will be it thanks a lot !|You're welcome, have a great day.
I want a train leaving from leicester.|Sure! Where would you like to travel to? What day would you like to travel? Do you have any preferences on departure times?
I'll be coming from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday.  I'd like to arrive by 21:15.|Anytime you prefer to leave?
No. Just as I make my arrival time but not leave unnecessarily early.|The TR4170 leaves at 09:09. Will that work for you?
Yes can you book that one please?|How many tickets?
I need 5 tickets and the reference number. I would like to go to a museum attraction in town. Please provide a area, phone number, and postcode.  Thank you.|okay, booking was successful. The total cost is 189 GBP. Reference number is : 44KVOVJM. What area do you need the museum to be in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a nice museum.|Does it matter if it has a entrance fee?
no. find me where it is located, phone number and postcode|Okay how about broughton house gallery in the centre? Their phone is 01223314960. Postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 king street. Entrance is free.
Yes, that's fine.Thank you so much. That's all I needed today.|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello, I am looking for a train heading to Cambridge and I will be departing from Kings Lynn.|The first train leaves on Friday at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Should I book it for you?
No, not at this time. Thank you, good bye.|Thank you. Enjoy your trip.
I would like to make a reservation at the shanghai family restaurant in cambridge|How many people would you like to make a reservation for, and what day and time were you looking at?
I would like to get the phone number and area please|The phone number is 01223301761. How many people would you like to make a reservation for, and what day and time were you looking at?
No reservation necessary, just let me know what area of town its in and I'll do the rest.|The shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Find me a moderately priced french restaurant|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that match that.
What about an Indian restaurant in the same price range?|That I can do. There are four restaurants available that meet the criteria. I'd recommend Meghna. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Actually, I'm also looking for a train. I'll need it to go to Cambridge on Sunday.|there is a train leaving london kings cross at 05:17.
I'm looking for one that arrives by 16:15, ideally.|Train ID TR6578 will be perfect for you. It will be arriving Cambridge from london liverpool street by 15:07 except if you do not want to depart from london liverpool street.
perfect book for 5 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GAZ4RCN9.
Thank you that is all I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.|Its a moderately priced four start hotel with internet. Do you need any more info?
Can you book it for me?|Yes. When would you like me to book it for and how many people?
I would like to book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday for 5 people|Your booking was successful and reference number is H14BC8TI. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yeah, I need a train to get to Cambridge by 13:45.|Okay what day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
I'm looking for a restaurant on the North end that serves yummy Chinese food|We have three places, but I like the hotpot.  Do you need a reservation?
Could you tell me the price range first? and the postcode? for the hotpot?|The Hotpot is a moderately priced restaurant. Their post code is cb41ep.
Great can you help me get a train from cambridge to broxbourne?|There are 133 trains that match that trip. To narrow it down, I need to know what day you'll be traveling and when you want to arrive by.
I will be traveling on Wednesday and I would need to arrive in Broxbourne by 21:15.|I have train TR5256 that leaves at 20:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 21:01. Would that work for you?
That would be great.  I'm traveling alone so just one seat please.|Great. I have booked one ticket on TR5256 to broxbourne. The cost will be 17.89 GBP and your reference number is O9VNFTK9.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. You've been a great help!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your travels.
I'm looking for a train for my trip to Cambridge.  I need it to leave on Monday and to depart from Peterborough.  Can you give me some times?|Sure, there are plenty of available time starting at 05:19 and going all day.  Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart?
I want to arrive at or a little before 12:15, please.|TR0919 leaves Peterborough at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09.  Would you like to book seats on that one?
How long is the travel time. My math is not the best.|My math isn't the best either but the travel duration is 50 minutes. I can help you book a seat on the TR0919 if you'd like.
I am also looking for a hotel called Archway House.|Archway house is a guesthouse located in the north part of town in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road
I need it for one person, 3 nights and starting on Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LMABMGNI. Do you need anything else?
No thank you. That's it.|Alright. Have a great day.
Are there any moderately priced hotels that have free parking, or do they all charge extra for that?|Yes, there are actually 14 moderately priced hotels with free parking. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for a place on the westside.|The Hobsons House is located in the west in the moderate price range.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Okay great, your reference number is W1YEMRMR. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you! I also need a train going to cambridge.|I'd be happy to help you narrow down the train schedules. Where will you be traveling from, and on what day and time?
I will leaving leicester the same day and I need to leave after 13:30.|I have one from leicester to cambridge called TR1492 leaving at 14:09 on Sunday. It's 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Also could you provide me the reference number for that?|Will you be travelling with the same 7 people?
We will all be traveling together, therefore yes it will be for all of us.|You and your passengers are booked on the train. Your reference number is QEAJK6UR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service, have a great day.
Thanks to you for help me with all these bookings.|You're welcome, come back anytime. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP.
I am looking for a train leaving from ely.|Ok, where will you be traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge.|What time would you like to depart and arrive?
I would like to leave after 08:15 on Sunday please.|The first train after 08:15 is the TR4212, which leaves at 09:35.
That's great. Can you tell me where architecture attractions are near the center of town?|Near the centre is All Saints Church, Great Saint Mary's Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools. Would you like more information?
Oh can you make a suggestion and get me the phone number, address and entrance fee?|Sure! All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane and the phone number is 01223452587. There is no entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
No, you have been quite helpful.  That is all I need to plan a great vacation.  Thanks, and bye.|Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for general information on places to go in the east area of town.|the camboats and the funky fun house are both located in the east side of town.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the Camboats?|The Camboats are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  The postcode is CB58SX.  Would you like the phone number?
No need, but I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge.  Can you please find one for me.|I'd be happy to help with your request, can you be more specific on the day you're travelling and what time you'd like to depart?
I will be traveling on monday and I want to arrive by 21:45 .|Trains run every hour on that route, starting at 5:11. What would be a good departure time?
Whichever you that leaves the latest but still gets me in by 21:45|TrianID TR1465 is leaving at 20:11 and will have you in cambridge by 20:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book this train for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : FC8I7U3O.
That's all I need. Thanks you so much for your help.|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|We have plenty of information. Would you like to know about restaurants, hotels, trains, or attractions?
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse in the centre.|Yes I have two to choose from. One is rated 4 stars and one is rated 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can you book the 4-star place? There will be 8 of us staying for 5 nights, and we'll be arriving on Wednesday.|I've booked you at alexander bed and breakfast. Your confirmation number is 75OVXX6J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you tell me if theres a train going to cambridge that leaves after 21:00?|There are many trains available. Where will you be departing from and what day do you prefer?
Departing from peterborough and leaving after 21:00|What day will you be departing?
It will be on Wednesday. I will need the price, please?|The fare will be 16.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need right now.|thanks for inquiring with us. welcome all the time
ok cool leave me alone now|Thank you for using our services.
Have you ever heard of alexander bed and breakfast?|Yes I have stayed there many times.  It is pretty cheap but offers free internet and free parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting wednesday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 75UHIUU5.
I am also looking for a train leaving after 08:15 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you are heading to?
I will be departing stansted airport and arriving in cambridge.|I have the TR7667 that leaves at 08:24 available. Would you like me to book seats on that?
Yes, please book it for 6 people.|OK, the booking was successful. The total fee is 60.59 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is AK36XDFI.
Thank you so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I need for now.  Bye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need to find a train from ely to cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Monday.|When would you like to arrive in Cambridge on Monday?
I really just need to leave after 15:45. The arrival time doesn't really matter.|should i book it for you?
Yes for 5. All I would need is the reference number.|I have booked 5 tickets for you on TR6645. Your reference number is SZYJ90EL. What else can I assist with?
Thanks for being so helpful! I appreciate your time. I'm all set now.|You're very welcome, I am so glad to have been of service! Have a wonderful day now, bye!
Hi, I'm going to be visiting soon, and I am interested in trying a restaruant called Curry Prince.  Could you give me more information about it?|Yes it's an Indian restaurant in the east at the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
No but I would like to make a booking for 5 people at 18:30 on sunday.|No problem! I got that booked for your party of five. The reference number is JVGYC33Y. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train.  It should should depart from London Kings Cross and should be on the same day.|I have several trains available.  What is your destination and preferred time of departure and arrival?
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 15:00,can you book it for me ?|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I just need to make sure I get there by 15:00. I will need the train ID and departure time please.|There is a train leaving at 13:17.  Would you like me to book the train for you?
I just need the train's departure time and ID.|Okay, the TR1688 leaves at 13:17.
OKay perfect do you think you could book that for me please?|Ok I will book it for you
I'd like some help finding an interesting attraction in the center of town.|i have 44 places. can you tll me how much entry fee range is to narrow down our options?
I don't have a preference. Just recommend one and send me it's address and phone number.|Try clubbing at Kambar. The address is 1 wheeler street and the phone number is 01223842725. Do you need anything else?
I also need to see the schedule between Bishops Stortfod and Cambridge.|Is this for a Train? If so could you provide me with a day and/or time you are looking for?
Yes, can you help me find a train please. I will be traveling on Monday sometime after 21:45.|We have one train departing bishops stortford at 23:29 and arriving in cambridge at 24:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I also need reference number once it's booked.|Great, how many tickets do you want?
I need a train from Cambridge on Tuesday|There are plenty of those! Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm heading to Norwich and need to leave after 11:15 from Cambridge|There are 13 trains. The one that leaves closest to your requested time is the TR5949, which leaves at 11:36. Does that interest you?
Yes, that would be great!  I need 7 tickets, please.  Oh, and the reference number.|I have booked the TR5949 for 7, departing from Cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in Norwich at 12:55. Reference number: UR9DKTIK. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I also need a place to stay.|There are many different hotels in Cambridge, do you have an area or price range in mind?
Is there anything in the south with a star of 4? It doesn't have to have free parking.|Sure, we have two hotels for you aylesbray lodge guest house, and rosa's bed and breakfast. can I book one of these for you today?
Could we try the Aylesbury House?|Alright. What day would you like to stay, how many nights and how many people?
Actually I need more information on the hotels. Does Aylesbury House have free parking?|The train was booked for 7 tickets departing at the correct time and providing the reference number. Also, more info is needed about a hotel.
I still need to know if Aylesbury House has free parking.|The Aylesbray Lodge has free internet and free parking. Would you like a reservation, or perhaps I can give you their contact information?
Yes, please. I will need their address and what price range it is in.|Certainly. This guesthouse is located at 5 Mowbray Road and is in the moderate price range. Is there any other information you need?
That's it, you have been very helpful! Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Thank you. We will.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
You've been extremely helpful. And I hope you have a wonderful day.|Let us know if you need anything else.  Goodbye!
Hi there, I'd like to find a good place to eat in the city centre tonight, but I'm looking for somewhere cheap. Have you any good recommendations?|Absolutely! I have about 15 restaurants that are in that area and price range. Can you tell me what type of food you might be trying?
You know, I'd really like to try north african food.|I am sorry, but there are no cheap restaurants in the centre serving north african food. Would you like to keep searching for another type?
How about some chinese food?|There are three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
How about Rice House? I'd like to book a table for two at 19:00 on Monday.|Fantastic! Your table is booked for Rice House at 19:00 on Monday, and the reference number is T0NP4V1O. Is there anything else you need help with?
Can i also book a train to Cambridge?|There are a number of trains that can get you to cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn on Monday.|What are you preferred arrival and departure times?
The train should depart on Monday from Kings Lynn for two people.  Please give me my reference number too.  Thanks!|Your train has been booked for 2, leaving at 5:11. Reference number VZNMSR6M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, thank you!|You're welcome, I'm glad to help. Goodbye!
I'm looking for places to go to in the east part of town.|Did you have a certain type of place such as a museum you would like to visit?
What do you recommend ?|I would recommend one of the four museums in the east.
Yes please can you recommend one of those.|I recommend the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which is located in the East area. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yeah, can I get the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb58ld.  Could I help you with anything else?
I also need to find a train leaving on monday after 8:45|Oh no!  We have no trains that day.  Would a different day or time work?
I need a Monday train. Leave after 08:45. I am sure there is a train.|Are you looking for a train to bring you to Cambridge? Where are you departing from?
I'm flying into Stansted Airport and I'd like a train in to Cambridge. My flight arrives at 08:45, so something after that. It'll just be me.|The next available train will depart at 09:24, shall I book that for you?
Thank you! Please book it for 1, and send me the reference number.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OO7SVBQE.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.|Great. Please call again if you need anything else. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I am looking to book a train.|Certainly. May I ask where you want to depart from?
I would like to leave from the closest station to my location.|Could you tell me your location, which area of town or what business you are departing from?
We are leaving London Kings Cross and need to do so after 12:45 on Friday for 6 people and can I get the reference number for the booking?|To clarify, are you looking for a train to Cambridge? All Friday trains from London Kings Cross go to Cambridge.
I need to depart from London Kings Cross and go to Cambridge.|Booked! You leave at 13:17, your reference number is 3WICPFQP, you will pay 141.6 at the station.
Okay thank you. That is all I need.|Okay thank you for calling.
I need information about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|Okay! I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel?
I will be traveling on sunday.|I have 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday. The earliest leaves at 05:29 and the latest leaves at 23:29. Would you like to book a seat?
I need one that leaves after 17:15|The first one out after that time is TR6742, departing at 17:29. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
Yes, I need two seats please. Can you give me the reference number after they are booked?|Two seats are booked for TR6742. Your reference number is ESM407G4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to find a hotel too.|What are your preferences regarding area, price range and star rating? Or do you have other needs?
it should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 2.|So, I have three hotels in town that have 2 stars and parking. Do you have a preference on cost? I have two moderate and one expensive.
I'm not picky, it just needs to have 2 stars.|I need to know what price range please.
I don't have a preference just 2 stars please.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both moderately priced and in the north, while Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is expensive and in the east. Would you like to book?
The Ashley Hotel sounds good. I need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting Tuesday.|So you'd like me to book the guesthouse Tues thru Sat is that correct?
No I'd like you to book the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|How many people will be staying?
There will be five of us.|Booking was successful. Is there anything else that you would like?
Yes, can you find me a restaurant for Friday night of that week?|What kind of food would you like?
I'm interested in Asian food.|on the same area?
Oh, never mind the restaurant. I'll book it myself. Did I say 5 people at the hotel? I'm sorry, I meant 2.|Ok, no problem I can change that
Can you provide the reference number?|The reference number is 1BWYJXU9
Thank you that will be all I need.|You are welcome enjoy.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|You have come to the right place!  What can I do for you?
I'm hoping to find somewhere expensive to dine in the south|I have 2 chinese places, an indian, an italian and a mexican place that fit that description. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for chinese please.|There are two choices: Peking restaurant or the good luck Chinese food takeaway. Which one appeals to you?
you can choose and then book it for me for 7 people on saturday at 12:45. and tell me the reference number|the search returned two restaurants for booking, choosing peking
I would like to find a taxi to the centre of Cambridge to an American modern restaurant.  What would you recommend?|With so few details, I can't book you a taxi quite yet.
I would like to book a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday leaving after 14:00.|How about the 14:19 train? It's a 50 minute trip, so you'll arrive at 15:09.
I think I asked for that wrong...I'm sorry. I'd like to go to Peterborough from Cambridge on Tuesday after 14:00.|The first available train that leaves after 14:00 from Cambridge to Peterborough on Tuesday is the TR7727. Would you like to go ahead and book a seat?
Yes, I need it for two people and I need the reference number.  I also need a guesthouse that includes free wifi.|I've booked that for you. The reference number is F5TE3Q1H. As for the hotel, where in the city would you like to stay?
In the north, please.  I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi, it can be 0 star.|City centre north b and b is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse located in the north with internet access.  Would you like me to book this location for you?
Yes please. Can you book it for 2 people? We'd like to arrive Thursday and stay for 5 nights please.|I'm not able to secure 5 nights. I can book you for 4 nights 2 people starting on Thursday. Will that work for you?
Yes 4 nights will work, can you book that and give me the reference number?|I have confirmed your reservation at city centre north b and b for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is GKZ1Z5LL. Is there anything else you need?
No that is all. Thank you so much!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I need a train leaving Kings Lynn and heading to Cambridge.|Ok, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave on Sunday please.|There are many trains that fit your needs on Sunday. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I want to leave after 16:15.|The first train leaving after 16:15 is TR7634 which leaves Kings Lynn at 17:11 and arrives in Cambridge by 17:58. Will this work for you?
What is the total travel time and price?|The price is 7.84 pounds and travel time is only 47 minutes.  Need me to book a ticket?
No thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north. It should include free parking and I need it to be in the moderate price range.|I've found seven that would work. All but one, are rated 4 stars. Would you like a recommendation?
Please. I'll go with your recommendation. I'll need a room for 8 people, two nights starting sunday.|I booked the Acorn Guest House for you.  Reference #: YM7DO6IC.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our system today!
Yes, I need a train that is leaving from Stansted Airport on Saturday.|TR4194	stansted airport	cambridge	saturday	05:24	05:52	8.08 pounds	28 minutes. Would you like  me to book you on this schedule?
I need to leave after 17:00 and it should go to cambridge.|Train Tr5953 leaves at 17:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you?
This works perfectly, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How much would the train ride cost me?|The train is 8.08 pounds per person.
Can you give me the travel time?|The travel time is 28 minutes.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|Thank you for using this service, have a nice day.
Hello.  I need a train ticket on a train going from Cambridge to Ely.|What day would you like to travel, and at what time do you want to leave?
I'd like to travel on Saturday, but I don't want to leave until after 19:30.|TR7349 will depart cambridge at 19:50 on Saturday, arriving in Ely at 20:07. Will that work?
Yes please book a seat for me.  And can you tell me if there are any african restaurants in ely near the train station?|Your seat has been booked for the TR7349, reference number is ER5D744W. I can look up African restaurants in Cambridge but not Ely.
What is the price and travel time for that train?|The travel time is 17 minutes and it will cost you 3.52 pounds.
Great that's all the info I needed today thank you.|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place to dine near the centre.|There are 69 places to dine near the centre. Is there a food type you would prefer, or a specific price range?
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.|I do not have anything fitting that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about european food?|The Eraina serves European food in the expensive price range. Their phone number is 01223368786. They are in location of centre.
Great.  Can I get the address and phone number as well?|Sure thing! Their address is free school lane city centre and phone is 01223368786. Anything else?
I'm also looking for a train to cambridge on friday|There are several trains. Do you have a time preference?
I'd like to depart from bishops stortford and leave after 12:30|Train number TR4070 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Fare will be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us traveling together.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CLUDXC1K.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.|Glad to be of help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all today! Thanks so much!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking to book a train that leaves on Wednesday after 12:45, if you could help me with this that would be great!|I'd be glad to help. But I will need a departure site and a destination.
I'll be going to Peterborough from Cambridge.|I would recommend TR1879 which leaves Cambridge at 13:06 and arrives in Peterbourough at 13:56.
I'm sorry, I had that backwards, I need a train that departs FROM Peterborough and goes to Cambridge.|I have over 20 trains traveling on Wednesday for you.  Are you departure and arrival times still correct?
Yes they are.|I have train TR9545 which departs at 12:48 and will get you into Cambridge by 13:38. Does that sound like it would work for you?
Yes please book it for 1 person and provide the reference number|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 69YAY7YC. What else may I help you with?
Thanks for the service. Good day to you!|You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
I need train schedule information for Thursdays, please|I can help with that. From where are you departing and to where are you going?
departing from cambridge and arrive by 21:45|There are 168 trains that day. Do you have a destination in mind so I can narrow it down?
I need to go to stansted airport please|I would recommend train TR7966 that leaves at 05:40
That's fine. Please book one seat for me, please.|Success. Your reference number is PMHZ3TJO.
I am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking.|Do you have a preferred area or price range?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.|I have 2 options for you. The first is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. The other is the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel sounds really nice. Could you book us a room there for 2 nights on Tuesday?|How many people will be staying for the booking?
Just one person please|Unfortunately they are booked up for those nights. Would you like to try another night or the University Arms Hotel instead?
Try booking the room for just one night, please.|That worked. I have you booked on Tuesday for 1 night. Your reference number is 7IX0V6NU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you but that's all.|Let us know if you need anything else? Good bye.
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in east cambidge that serves indian food|curry prince is one that fits your needs
I will want it for five, on Thrusday, 15:15|I have it booked for you. The reference number is LK03FYO8.
Thank you! I also need info on a train. It should leave on friday after 12:45.|Okay, I can help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.|I have a train leaving at 13:06 and arrives in peterborough at 13:56. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, and please let me know the expense and travel time.|It is 16.50 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes. How many will the booking be for?
Actually, I don't need tickets just yet. I'm all set here. Thanks for all your help - goodbye!|Goodbye, I hope you enjoy your trip!
I'd like a train from Cambridge, please.|I can help you with that.  Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely.|there is quite a number. which day do you want to travel?
I would like to go on thursday leaving after 19:45.|The TR1709 leaves at 5:50,would you like me to book it ?
No, I need to find a train that leaves after 19:45 on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|I have TR7979 that leaves Thursday at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 6 please.|Your reservation is complete, with reference number 42PK9GM4
I would also like to look for a multo sports center in town too.|There is just one. It is the cherry hinton village centre in the east.
Oh, well I really wanted to visit the centre. Maybe you could find me a park instead? One in the centre of town?|cambridge university botanic gardens is the only park in the centre of town.  Would you like any further info on the park or Cambridge?
Do you have their phone number?|Yes, their phone is 01223336265.  Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No, thank you for all your help. I believe you helped with everything I needed today, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I need to find a train from Norwich on Saturday.|Sure, what time will you need to arrive in Cambridge?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive, but I would like to make sure I leave Norwich at or after 13:00.|The earliest train leaves Norwich for Cambridge at 13:16. The price is 14.08 pounds and the duration will be 79 minutes. Would you like me to book?
When does it arrive and what is the train ID?|The train would arrive at 14:35.  The train ID is TR8724.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for Polish food, in the Centre of town.|I'm sorry, but there are no polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like to change your search?
How about a restaurant that serves mediterranean food?|The gardenia located at 2 rose crescent city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
i would like to book a saturday reservation for 2 people at 19:00 please.|I have booked it for you at 19:00 and the reference number is Y5GU93IK.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'd like a place to eat, Mediterranean cuisine please.|Yes, that was what I went ahead and booked for you already. Your reservation is set for Saturday at 19:00 for 2 people. Is there something else I can help with?
Do you have a reference number for that?|My apologies for not providing it.  Your reference number for the restaurant booking is Y5GU93IK.
Okay fantastic, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train that lease from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday.|There are 10 days departing London Liverpool Street on Tuesday. Is there a certain time of day you need to travel?
I would like to leave after 20:45.|OK I HAVE 1 TRAINS THAT LEAVE AROUND THAT TIMES ONE AT 21:39 WOULD THAT WORK FOR YOU ?
Yes as long as it leaves AFTER 20:45 that will be fine. How much is it and how long is the travel time?|the train ride is 88 minutes and the cost is 16.60 pounds. it leaves at 21:39 and your reference number is Q6UN1GVR. is there anything else i may help you with?
I am looking for places to go in town. What type of entertainment is there in the centre?|Which area are you interested in visiting in town?
I will be visiting the centre.|There is no entertainment in the centre.  Would you be interested in a different type of attraction?
How about architecture type instead?|I have 5 choices for you. If I might suggest the Holy Trinity Church. It has the most unique architecture in our area. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great.  Do you happen to know the entrance fee for it?|Like I mentioned, Holy Trinity Church is totally free. Is there anything else you'll be needing today?
No, I don't think so! Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
Hi, I'm looking for museums to go to in cambridge.|I have five musuems. Four are free. Cambridge and county folk museum is 3.50 pounds.
What is the address for that museum?|The address is 2-3 castle street. The postcode is cb30aq
Thank you I also need a train departing from cambridge on tuesday|I have over 200 trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
My destination is Liverpool and I would like to leave by 18:00.|The TR9561 train leaves at 17:59, would this work or do you need to leave earlier?
That works great. What is the arrival time and price?|The arrival time is 19:27 and the travel time is 88 minutes.
Awesome, you rock! How much does that trip cost?|The trip would cost you 16.60 pounds, anything else?
That is everything I needed today. Thank you!|Have a great day!
I need a Sunday train. Leaving after 8|I can help with that. Where are you departing from, and where is your destination?
I'm leaving from cambridge to birmingham new street|The first train available from cambridge to birmingham new street departs at 8:01 and arrives at 10:44.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 7 people. Reference number please.|Great! I have you booked for 7 people on TR2968, leaving at 08:01 and arriving at 10:44. Your reference number is IFI48FZ7. Your fee is 420.56 payable at the station.
Can you also look up the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me?|Of course. The alexander bed and breakfast is located at 56 saint barnabas road with a phone number of 01223525725. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks.  I may be back in touch though!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a wonderful trip!
Hello, I'd like to book a train on Friday that arrives by 17:30.|What's your to and from location?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross station and traveling to Cambridge.|There are 6 that arrive by 17:30, the closest being TR8842, which arrives at 16:08. Is that to your liking?
yes, please! what's the reference number?|Can you please tell me how many tickets you will need for this trip?
I will need 2 tickets|OK, I've booked you for 2 tickets with reference number ERCAZMGA. The fee will be 47.20 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm wondering if there are any expensive modern european restaurants in town.|Yes, darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
I would like to book a table for 2 people at 20:00 on friday please.|I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is ZCMA7GFP.
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, great. Have a good day!
What trains arrive in Cambridge by 10:30?|Where are you traveling from and on what day?
I am traveling from kings lynn on sunday.|Please give me your day and time of departure to help me to narrow down to a suitable result.
I don't have a departure time. I just need to be in Cambridge by 10:30.|I suggest the TR8092 that will arrive in Cambridge at 08:58. This will give you ample time. Do you want me to book this?
Please book for 5 people, I will also need the reference number.|Ok. The total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WVSMPOEW. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a moderately priced Italian food restaurant.|I found prezzo in the moderate price range in the west part of town
Great can I just get their address?|Sure, prezzo is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road postcode cb30ad, would you also like their phone number?
No, the address is fine. Thank you very much for your help!|You're quite welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thank you, again.|It was great conversing with you today. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that is going to birmingham new street and leaves after 17:15.|There's a train on that route every day departing at 18:01 that ought to work for you. Do you know what day you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Where will your departure site be?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.  I will need 4 seats.|Great I booked you 4 seats on that train and your reference number is HI8OJSIM.
I also need to get a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and have 3 stars.|Sure, there are a few guesthouses available.  Which part of town would you like to stay in?
West part of town. Thanks|It looks like there is a 3 star guesthouse in the area named Hobsons House.  How does that sound?
I am looking for information in Cambridge|You've come to the right place. What can I help you with today?
I want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, I would like it to be moderately priced, please.|There are quite a few hotels that meet your needs. Is there an area of town that you'd prefer?
No preference. Can you book me a room for 5 nights starting Monday for 1 person and I also need the reference number.|Your reservation at warkworth house for 6 days for a party of 1 was successful. Your Reference number is : J0OZV066.
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge|We have daily service for the route, any preference on day and time?
I need it to arrive by 15:45 in Cambridge on Monday please.|Okay I have a train arriving at 15:35. would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.|My apologies the arrival time is 10 minutes earlier.  I assume that's okay?
Yes that is fine|Okay! For how many people?
It is just for one person and I need the reference number as well.|The booking was successful. The total fee is 17.6 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is SFRAK36V.
Great, thanks so much for your help with this.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:30.|I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book?
I need it for Saturday.|When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?|I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07.   Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.|How about bridge house? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?|It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
I am looking for an expensive hotel in Cambridge with free wifi.|Do you have a preferred location?
I am looking for a guesthouse in the east.|There are no expensive guesthouses in the east, though I do have some more moderately-priced ones. The A and B Guesthouse is very nice.
Hmm, no expensive guesthouses huh? Ok, well how about an expensive hotel room instead?|express by holiday inn cambridge is for you. Their phone number is 01223866800. Shoul I reserve a room for you?
Yes, can you book for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Saturday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is F9AFSWLA. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. You certainly can help. I need to leave kings lynn to go to go to Cambridge by train.|OK, I have some information for you, will that also be on saturday and what time?
Yes the same day, I'd like to arrive by 14:30.|There are 9 options here. TR7178 arrives by 13:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please do. Just for 1 person. And give me the reference number too.|Alright, your reference number is HYXMZ1UN. Do you need more help?
I'm good to go now actually! Thanks so much! Au revoir!|I'm glad to be of service, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant|We have 31 matches, Do you have a food type preference?
No, but I'd like it to be in the centre.|We have 21 moderately priced restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from Asian Oriental to Gastropub.
Asian Oriental sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 1 for me? I'd like to eat at 11:45 on Sunday.|You are good to go! Your reference number is HQGN4WTQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge. Needs to arrive by 8:00.|I have train TR1480 that leaves Broxbourne at 05:32 and will get you into Cambridge at around 06:32. Would that work for you?
That would be just fine.|How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one will be fine.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : P5KB6WJX. Anything else I can help with?
that is it for today. thanks for helping|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a french restaurant in the north of Cambridge.|I've found restaurant two two at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.
Thank you, I would prefer the expensive price range, does that fall in that range?|Yes, it's an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 3 at 14:30 on Friday please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LNYGVM1C. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that goes to Kings Lynn and leaves after 12:15.|I have a train TR0674 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58. Would you like to reserve this?
Does it leave on saturday, departing from cambridge?|Yes it does, would you like tickets?
Yes, I'd like 3 tickets, please, along with the reference number.|On saturday the train at 13:11 is actually the TR7673, and you're booked with reference number VTO5IV0F. The fee will be 23.52 at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks. That will be it for today. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service,   have a nice day
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south of town.|The Lensfield hotel should fit your needs perfectly, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating?|Indeed it does. Does it sound like somewhere you'd like to stay?
I do not need any free parking. Is there any expensive  hotel in the south with 3 stars and no parking?|No, there is not.  The only expensive 3-star hotel in the south is The Lensfield Hotel and it has parking.
Okay, I need to book it for seven people 5 nights starting tuesday.|I booked it for you. Your reference number is ALYDOZKZ.
Thank you! I also need to book a train to Cambridge.|There are many options. Could you please tell me where you are travelling from, on what day, and possibly at what time?
I need a train going to cambridge that arrives at 11:30. I will depart from kings lynn.|There are multiple trains that match the criteria you listed. Can you please provide the day you will be traveling on?
I will need that for Tuesday as well.|Train TR1704 leaves kings lynn at 10:11 and arrives at cambridge by 10:58, making the travel time 47 minutes. The cost is 9.80 pounds. Are you interested in booking?
Yes, please book this train for 7 people. I also will need the reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JEQ34OF0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was it. Thanks so much for your help.|I'm glad I could help you with your accommodations and travel needs. Good bye.
I am looking for a Saturday train departure from Cambridge|What destination would you like me to look for?
I'm hoping for a train to bishops stortford after 21:15.|There are 2 trains that fit this request. One at 21:29 and another at 23:29. Did you want me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the train for 23:29.|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need a booking, but can you tell me the train ID, travel time, and arrival time of that train?|TR0123 is the train ID. It leaves at 23:29 and arrives at 24:07. Did you need any more information about the train?
No, but I need to find a restaurant. It should serve vietnamese food and it should be in the north.|Unfortunately, I'm not seeing any Vietnamese restaurants in the north. Would you like to try a different area or type of cuisine?
How about a Chinese restaurant. Ideally expensive.|Hakka and The Hotpot are both expensive Chinese restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like a table at one of these?
I'd like to reserve a table for 3 at The Hotpot for 10:00 Saturday. I'll need a reference number as well.|I've booked that for you. The reference number is ZAV4B1D8. What else can I help you with?
That'll be everything. Thank you!|You're welcome! Thanks for using our services.
Hello, I need to book a ticket on a train from broxbourne on Friday.|There is a train every hour from 05:32 from Broxbourne to Cambridge. It costs 17.90 pounds and is 60 minutes travel time.
I would need to leave after 09:15. What's the first train after that time?|I'd recommend TR2145 which leaves at 09:32 and arrives by 10:32. Would that work for you?
yes, that would be good for me. That is TR2145 and leaving at 09:32 arriving by 10:32.|Yes, it will cost 17.90 pounds.  Do you need me to book some tickets for you?
One ticket, please.|The train has been booked the reference number is 8Z33FXBR
Great can I also find a place to dine in the centre of town with halal food?|I'm afraid we don't have any restaurants that serve halal food in the centre of town, or in town at all for that matter. Would something else work for you?
Can you check for one with British food?|I have about 7 different options in British food. Do you have a price range you prefer?
No preference, give me an option.|There's The Oak Bistro and The Copper Kettle, which are moderately priced, and Fitzbillies and The Cambridge Chop House are expensive. Do any of those sound appealing?
Yes I would like to book the Copper Kettle for 2 people on Friday for 18:15.|Wonderful! I've made your reservation and your reference number is AMNTUIN5. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for today. Thank you!|You are welcome,  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Feel free to reach out to us at the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anything else.
I need to catch a train in London King's Cross to ride into Cambridge.|I can help with that. What day and time were you looking to depart?
I want to leave on Monday after 12:45.|There is a train available on 14:12.
That is fine.  Can you provide the arrival time, train ID, and travel time.|I do apologize, train TR3194 would leave at 13:17, NOT 14:12.  The travel time would be 51 minutes.  Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes can you please book it.|I have booked your train. London King's Cross to Cambridge at 13:17 on Monday.
Thank you! That sounds excellent! I am also craving British food. Are there any moderately priced British restaurants there?|We have four in the centre area and one int he west, any preferences?
Not really, I'll just need to book it for the same day for 4 people.|What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it at 15:00 on the same day.|Very well, I've booked you at Restaurant One Seven for 4 people at 15:00 on Monday. Would you like the booking reference number?
Yes of course I want the reference number! Why wouldn't I!|Sorry about that, the reference number is 5F63AFCU
Thank you for your time.|I'm glad I could help you today. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester?|There are many, got a destination in mind?
I want to go to cambridge.|What day and time will you be leaving?
I leave on sunday.|There is a train leaving at 5:09 I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need a expensive restaurant in centre that serves italian food and a phone number|Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is an expensive Italian place in the Centre.  Their phone number is 01223352607. Would you also like the address?
No thanks. Can I have to train id and price?|Sure, the train ID is TR7151 and the price is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, can you help me find a restaurant also?|Yes. I gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar previously. Were you looking for a specific restaurant?
Will the train arrive at Cambridge by 08:00?|I apologize, the trainID for the 5:09 is actually TR4106.  You will arrive in cambridge by 6:54.  Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|Again, I already gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar, an expensive restaurant in the centre. If this doesn't suit you, then is there a specific place?
I apologize. I won't be needing anything else. good bye|Thank you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's going to bishops stortford from cambridge, what kinds of options are there?|There are about 70 options.  Do you have a particular travel day?
I would like to travel on Thursday and get there before 13:30.|Train TR2929 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Thursday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 12:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people, and I will need the reference number please.|I got 6 tickets for you your reference number is ADZ8DIQ2.
Thanks, I also am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast a friend mentioned.|I found it, it's a cheap guesthouse in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday.|Your reservation is confirmed. Your reference number is 31S3UK6M. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is everything I need. Thank you for all your help!|If there is nothing else you need help with, have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a not later than 9:15 train to Cambridge.|It looks like there's a train for Cambridge with an arrival time of 07:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book me for Sunday departing from london kings cross.|How many tickets will you require?
8, please|Your booking is successful. Train is leaving at 07:17 and it costs 151.04 GBP. Your reference number is 5Y7XKAJY. Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that's I need!|Okay thank you for calling. Don't hesitate to call us again.
Can you let me knows about what architecture is available ot visit in south cambridge?|I'm afraid there aren't any especially notable architectural attractions in the south, especially not compared to the ones in the centre of Cambridge. Perhaps you might consider those?
how about one that is in the type of nightclub|wow that's a 360! Anyway there is a place called the place in the south.
Yes, I'm random like that! How much is the entrance fee for The Place?|An entrance fee is not listed. I can give you the address and phone number if you'd like.
I would also like the postcode.|The Place is located at 22 Sidney Street, cb23hg. Their phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else today?
i also need a train|Okay I'll be happy to help you with that. Do you know where you'd like to go and where you plan to depart from?
I'll be departing from london liverpool street on wednesday, and wold like to arrive in cambridge by 11:15.|There is TR8813 that will arrive by 09:07 and TR7519 that will arrive by 11:07. Will one of those work for your schedule?
I think TR8813 will work.  Can you tell me what time it leaves?|TR8813 leaves at 07:39. Anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need today.  Thanks!|Ok.  Have a great day.
I am looking for a train leaving after 11:45|OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport Friday to head toward Cambridge.|Ok, I have the first available train leaving at 12:24 and arriving at 12:52. Would that train work for you or would you like to leave later than that?
That would work for me can I get a train for 7 people?|Yes, you're booked on TR1387 with reference number 78BZSVSW. The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you so much!|Okay! Glad I could be of help.
Hello, I'm looking for some cheap restaurant recommendations.|I would suggest the Rice House in the Centre.
Is this located in the south?  I would like Portuguese food please.|Nandos serves Prtuguese food and it located in the South. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please for 2 people at 18:30 on a Wednesday.|I've made your reservations and your reference number is : E0E1O4MU.
Great! Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like information about a train. I will be travelling on Wednesday.|Where will you be departing from?
I'm traveling from norwich.|where are you traveling to? and what time will you need to arrive?
I'm headed to cambridge and need to arrive by 11:00.|There is a train leaving at 9:16 that will get you in by 10:35.
Ok. Thanks.  That is all.|thanks for using our services welcome anytime
Hi! I need a train to Broxbourne after 10:30.|I'd be happy to help you with that. What day do you want to travel?
I need the train for Tuesday departing from Cambridge after 10:30.|There are 11 trains of that type, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 11:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can I just get the train ID of one of them please?|The train ID for the 11:01 train is TR2130. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the West area of town.  Are there any hotels that have free wifi over there?|Yes, I have 4 entries for those criteria. What's your price range?
Cheap, it needs free parking also.|I recommend the Cambridge Belfry. Will you be booking a room today?
Can I just get the address, star rating, and phone number?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel at back lane, cambourne cb236bw. Their number is 01954714600.
Thank you for your help. Have a good day!|No problem. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?|What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 15:30.|what about train TR8176 that leaves at 15:35?
That sounds perfect. Can you also help me to find a 2 star hotel?|There are three 2-star hotels; two are moderately priced and one is expensive.  Do you have a price preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range in price.|I have ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both in the north with internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer Ashley hotel.|Sure, would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 5 nights|Booking was successful and the reference number is 9H9Z3QNC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed.|I am glad I could help you with your trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely.|Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne.|There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time.
I would like to arrive by 15:30.|There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?|8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this?|Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Now that the train is settled, I need a place to stay that is in the expensive range with free parking, please.|There are a number of expensive hotels in town. Do you have a preference for area you'd like to stay?
I would prefer a guesthouse if possible.|I do not have any expensive guesthouses. Can I try something else?
Can you try moderately priced?|I suggest acorn guest house it is in 154 chesterton road.
Ok, that sounds great. Can you book that for me for 3 nights?|Yes. I need to know what night you'd like your reservation to begin and how many people it will be for.
For 5 people starting on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is S4MONUEY.
Thank you so much. That's all for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 2:45 PM. Can you help me?|I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday please.|Trains leave London Liverpool Street every 2 hours beginning at 5:39. The latest leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07.
Give me information on the latest one.|The latest train leaves at 23:39.
What is the ID for the train leaving at 11:39?|the train id is TR4161. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go to in town. Can you help me?|Do you have a certain area or attraction you would like to see?
I have no preference.  Just find something in the centre of town.|I would like to recommend all saints church,it is beautiful architecture in the centre of town and no entrance fee.
Could I have their phone number please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223452587. Is there any other way I can assist you?
No that is all for today.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's moderate in price.|There are no Indonesian restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to search for something else?
Are you sure? I thought there was one located in the centre of town.|Unfortunately I do not see any indonesian restaurants. Maybe you would like asain instead?
Asian oriental food sounds good.  What options do you have available?|I have a few, what price range do you prefer?
I'm not really worried about price.  Which do you suggest that is located in the centre?|Th Kymmoy is expensive but very nice.
I think I would like to be in the moderate price range please.|The yippee noddle bar is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Actually, can you give me the phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar instead?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 16:15 and should leave on Friday.|I'm sure we can find your perfect train for you. What are your departure and arrival locations?
I want to go to norwich from cambridge.|The first train from Cambridge to Norwich leaves at 05:36, and there are trains every hour thereafter. The duration of the trip is 79 minutes.  Which departure time works best for you?
Can you suggest one?  I would like to arrive in Norwich about 4:15 PM.|I would recommend TR8314, which will get you there at 15:55.  Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, one ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
When does the TR8314 leave?|It will leave at 14:36
Great! Thanks for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a train to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:00.|Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I'm leaving london liverpool street on sunday|TR9835 arrives at 13:07, would that work for you?
Yes, and I need to book this for four people.|I was able to book 4 tickets your reference number is 9EBGT2IQ. The price for the tickets is 53.12 GBP, is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to find a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.|There are four guesthouses that are moderately priced and have three stars. What area would you like to stay?
I don't have a preference. Can you make a  suggestion?|Hamilton Lodge is nice. Would you like me to book it?
Sure!  I need to get rooms for the same group as riding the train.|How many nights do you plan to stay?
I would be there for 5 nights.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is KGCK4JK6. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you. I appreciate your help.|You're very welcome!
I'm looking for a train in Cambridge that will arrive by 18:30|Are you leaving Cambridge or going to Cambridge? Better yet, what is your departure city and destination?
I'm departing from cambridge and would like to go to norwich on a monday.|Yes I have the 17:55. May I help you with anything else?
If it arrives by 17:55, then yes, please book 1 seat for me.|I was able to book TR8504 leaving cambridge at 16:36 arriving norwich at 17:55. The total fee is 17.6 GBP and your reference is P5JNVZHA.
Fantastic, thanks.  I'd also like to find an architecture attraction in the centre of town, please.|I have about 5 different options for you. Most have free admission, except one. Might I suggest the All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. It has free admission.
Can I get the postcode for that please?|all saints church's postcode is cb58bs.
Thank you! That is all the help I need today.|You're very welcome. I do hope that you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'd like train information for cambridge.|I will need more information to narrow down the results. What day would you like to depart on, and what area is your departure from?
Departing fro Ely on Wednesday and arriving by 09:30.|There are two trains. One arriving at 5:52 and one at 7:52. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Can I get the travel time and price on the 5:52 one?|TR5348 leaves Ely at 5:35 and arrives in Cambridge by 5:52. The price for a ticket is 4.40 pounds and the ride's duration is 17 minutes.
Ok, and I also want to find out about an attraction called Tenpin please.|Tenpin is an entertainment attraction in the south part of town their phone number is 08715501010, and address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Thank you so much for the information|Great, thank you.
can you book me a train to Cambridge that leaves on Saturday.|There are 202 trains to cambridge on Saturday. Can you tell me your departure station and the time you'd like to travel?
I would like to leave from stansted airport after 15:00|I found nine trains leaving stansted airport for cambridge, leaving every hour starting at 15:24.  Would you like to book that first train?
I would maybe be interested in booking this train. What is the train id, price per ticket and arrival time?|The train is TR1493 with the price 8.08 pounds. The arrival time is 15:52.
Okay thanks, I also need info for the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|Ok. That's a moderately-priced gastropub in the centre. Would you like the address or phone number?
I would like to make a reservation for 6 people on Saturday.|What time would you like?
I'd like the table for 19:00, please.|Okay. I have made a reservation for Saturday at 19:00 for six people.
Great, all I need is the reference number please.|I unfortunately do not have this info for you. The booking is now saying unsuccessful.
Can you try again please?|Unfortunately, after trying to book again I was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time?
Could you please try 18:00 on the same day?|Your booking for Saturday at 18:00 was made. Your reference number is  L7W1NACD. May I help you with anything else today?
That is all. Thank you.|Have a great day.
I am interested in museums, which ones are in operation in cambridge?|There are several museums, is there a particular area you were interested in?
No not really.  I just need to get a phone number, postcode, and address for the one we'll be attending.  Do you recommend one for me?|I think you will enjoy the byard art museum.  It is located at 14 king's parade.  The postal code is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223464646.
I would also like a train that depart from ely and arrive by 13:00.|On what day will you be traveling?
I would be leaving Thursday and going into Cambridge.|the latest train would arrive at 11:52. would you like me to book you a reservation?
no thanks. I just need the train ID, travel, and departure time|The train ID is TR0813. The departure time is 11:35 and the total trip time is 17 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.|There are five options in the centre with internet. Are you looking for a particular kind of lodging?
Yes, I would like a place to stay that is rated with four stars and moderately priced.|I'm afraid I don't see any. What about something else?
Can you try another area please?|no i wanted this specific one.
Is there anything in the centre with free parking and wifi, for cheap?|I have the alexander bed and breakfast it is cheap and offers free wifi and parking.
I need 3 nights for 4 people starting Sunday. Also looking for a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge. Leaving after 18:00 on the same day as hotel booking.|OK, your room is booked, ref#5WCVJFIO. I also found TR1428, leaving Broxbourne at 18:32. Will that work?
Yes.  Can I please get the arrival time.  thank you.|It arrives at 19:32.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you that is all the information I need today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to cambridge.|Sure! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving Stevenage on Thursday and I want to arrive by 10:15.|I have a train on Saturday that leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 07:54 and arrives at 08:43.
I need the train Thursday|There is one leaving at 5:54,Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge that leaves at 11:30.|There are 924 trains leaving by 11:30. What is your departure city?
Birmingham new street|I'm sorry but the earliest train departing from Birmingham New Street is 11:40. Can I investigate another departure location or time for you?
no thank you|Okay, have a great day!
I would like a train that leaves from stansted airport after 16:15|What day will you be traveling, and where will you be heading to?
I will be traveling on monday and need to go to cambridge|There's a train leaving stansted airport for cambridge every hour on Monday, by what time would you like to arrive?
I don't care. Give me the earliest one leaving after 16:15.|The earliest train is TR5365 that leaves the airport at 16:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 16:52. Do you need a ticket?
Yes please thank you. Can you also assist to find me a restaurant where i can dine in the Center. My preference is Modern European food.|How many tickets do you need me to book for the train?
I actually don't need a ticket right now.  Could you please tell me the price and travel time though?|Absolutely. The TR5365 costs 10.10 pounds and has a travel time of 28 minutes. What else can I do for you?
I also need a place to eat.|What are would you like to eat?
I would like modern european food and in should be located in the centre of town.|There are 8 results for European restaurants in the centre area, would you prefer an expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
I'd like a cheap one, I don't want to spend too much on food, I want to bring back as many knick-knacks as possible.|The river bar steakhouse and grill meets all your needs. Do you want me to book? If yes, for how many, what day and what time?
Please get me their postcode instead|Yes, the postcode is cb58aq.
Thank you, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I was wondering if there is a French restaurant here in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is Cambridge Contemporary Art. Is that acceptable, or do you have other criteria?
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee for the museum?|That is free to enter.
I'm also looking for a train to London Kings Cross.|There are plenty of trains that will take you to London Kings Cross. May I ask what day and time you would like to take this train?
I want to leave Thursday and arrive by 16:00|I see. TR5266 arrives by 15:51. Will that be sufficient?
I think so. Can you give me the travel time and price for TR5266?|The train departs at 15:00 and the price is 23.60 pounds.
Great, thank you, I think that's all I need.|Alright then. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street|I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please.|I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.|Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.|Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.|Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range|Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
I I need a hotel located in the west with free wifi and parking.|The Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range but has 4 stars, would that work? Internet and parking are available.
Sounds great, thanks! What is their phone number?|the cambridge belfry's phone number is 01954714600.
And the Cambridge Belfry is a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a hotel. Is that ok?
That is perfect. Thank you.|Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I don't need a booking. You have given me all the information I need, for now. Thank you so much.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you very much.|Have a great time.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north maybe a guesthouse.|we got 11. do you have any rating preference?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.|archway house is in the north and has a 4 star rating
Do they have internet?|Yes, they have internet.
Thanks you. May I please have their phone number?|Their number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I also need information about trains departing from cambridge.|there are lots of trains. Do you have times you would like to travel ?
I would prefer it be the earliest train you can book.|The first train leaves at 5:00.
That will be fine can you assist me in booking that?|I will go ahead and book that for you.
The train should leave on Friday and go to Stansted airport.|Okay and what time would you like to travel?
i just need to arrive by 13:00|Train # TR6616 departs Cambridge at 11:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 12:08. The travel time is 28 minutes and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thanks for the info. that's all I need.|OKay, let us know if you need anything else.
Can you help me find information on a hotel called allenbell?|The Allenbell Hotel is a 4 star guesthouse hotel, the price range is cheap. Internet and parking are available. Would you like to book a room?
I need a room there for 8 on saturday, and staying two nights, I'll need the reference number too please|I've scheduled your booking at the Allenbell on Saturday for 2 nights for 8 people. The Reference number is : WBD98WJA.
I also need a train from stansted airport and go to cambridge.|All trains leave on friday, what time is the depature and arrival?
18:15 is the departure.  19:30 is the arrival.|Train TR5921 departs from stansted airport at 18:24 and arrives at cambridge at 19:30 on friday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will work. Please book 8 tickets. I'll also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 2D2L9TYI.
That is all I need. Good bye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.|I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people.|Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi|May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.|We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking?|Yes it most certainly does.
Can you help me find a train leaving on wednesday arriving by 12:30?|And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'm coming to cambridge from Lecester.|Six trains match your criteria. The first train leaves at 05:09 and arrives by 06:54. Do you want to book a seat on this train or another?
I need to arrive by 12:30 not 6:54. Try again please|I'm sorry about that.  The TR3404 arrives at 11:54.  Would you like me to book it for you?
The train should arrive by 12:30 and should leave on wednesday.|the earliest train I can get for you arrives at 11:54 the tr3404 how many tickets please?
I need a booking for 4 people.|I booked your train ride. It is going to cost 151.19 GBP and your reference number is NIGO21EH.
I am looking for a hotel called worth house.|Great guesthouse located at 152 Chesterton Road.
Thanks.  Can you book a hotel for the same group of people for 3 nights on the day we get there?|your booked at the Worth House reference number is 9HLR5ZQO. Can I help you with anything else?
That's everything.  Thanks for all your help.|If you need anything else, please let us know.
I will. Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good day.
Can you help me find places to go in town?|Certainly, did you have a particular place in mind?
An architecture attraction would be good.|old schools is in trinity lane and entrance is free. can i give you their phone number?
What area is trinity lane in? I'd love to find a train going to cambridge as well.|Old Schools is located in the centre area of town.  Is that location convenient for you?
Perfect, thanks. Could you also tell me if there are any trains from norwich to cambridge that arrive by 10:00 on friday?|There are four trains arriving before 10:00 on Friday. They leave norwich every hour on the :16 starting at 05:16 to 08:16
Can I have the travel time? And the train ID please.|Well the travel time for the TR3293 that leaves at 8:01 is 79 minutes.
Great, thank-you! That is perfect.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed have a nice day.|I'm glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need feel free to contact us any time.
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in the south.|I have 2 options for you, both guesthouses. I recommend the Aylesbray Lodge, at 5 Mowbray Road.
Thank you, I'll accept the recommendation at Aylesbray Lodge.|Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
Yes please. I would like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.|Ok I have booked that and the Reference number is 1N67NESA.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need  a train.|There are over two thousand trains. Where is your destination?
leicester is where i am going|would you be leaving from cambridge?
Yes leaving from Cambridge, on Friday please.|Okay I have 19 trains. Could you give me a time by which you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to be there by 16:15.|Okay, I have TR4170 that leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54.  It cost 37.80 pounds.  Would you like this train booked?
Thank you that will be all I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should be located in the centre and should include free parking please.|Would you like a cheap or expensive hotel?
I need a moderately priced hotel please.|So sorry, we have no moderately priced lodgings in the centre. We do have two cheap guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Will either of those work for you?
Do you have one in the north instead?|The Hamilton lodge may be a good option for you.
That sounds great. Can I please get their address?|Of course!  Their address is 156 chesterton road.  The phone number is 01223365664 and postcode is cb41da.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.  I'm going to Birmingham new street and need to leave on Thursday.|There are trains to Birminghan New street through out the day. What time would you like to leave?
I need a train that arrives by 17:00. I will be departing from Cambridge.|TR2636 is the one that arrives latest by 11:44. will that be fine?
Isn't there anything later in the day?|Sure.  TR9360 arrives by 16:44.  How is that?
That sounds great what is the travel time?|The travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all! Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a bunch of restaurants for you!  Do you have a certain price range or food type you prefer?
I would like it on the expensive price range please.|I found some quite nice choices for you.  Do you have a cuisine preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food.
If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves indian food.|I don't have any Polynesian, but I do have 14 Indian. What area of town would you like?
please get phone number and area.I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from Cambridge and should leave after 09:30|I have Indian restaurants in all areas. Do you have a preference of which one? Lets do this and then we can work on the train/
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their phone number and area they're located?|which side of town do you prefer?
The north part of town is fine. I need the phone number and area for the place after you find it.|I am sorry but there are no Indian restaurants in the North.  Would you like another area?
My area is flexible. What is available for an expensive indian restaurant. It can be in any area.|I have the cocum located in the west at 71 Castle Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you but I do need a train.|Okay! From where to where?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I have found many trains leaving from Cambridge. Can I please get a departure and arrival time, and destination?
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on Sunday for 6 people|There are no trains leaving at 9:00.  Would you be interested in the one leaving at 7:59 or 9:59?
I just need to depart after 9:30.|I can book the TR0995 which leaves Cambridge at 09:59. Shall I book it for six people?
Yes, that would be wonderful.|the total fee is 79.67, Reference number is : Z51SW54Y.
That's all I need today. Have a great day|Have a safe trip.
I aM looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30.|There are a number of trains that could work for you. Do you have a time you'd like to arrive by? Or a day of the week you'd like to travel?
I'm headed to Cambridge on Tuesday.|Train TR7307 leaves Peterborough at 12:48 Tuesday, and will arrive at Cambridge by 13:38. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't want to book yet but could you tell me the travel time?|should i book for you?
No I JUST told you I only want the travel time!|Train TR7307 Leaves at 12:48 and arrives by 13:38.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No that's it.  Thanks.|Alright then, thanks for calling & have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves North American food? Thanks.|Unfortunately, I am unable to locate a moderately priced North American restaurant. I did find an expensive one, would you be interested in that?
No. How about Italian food?|Sure.  There are five moderately priced italian restaurants.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
Perhaps the center? But I don;t think I have a preference.|Pizza Express is a great place that serves moderately priced Italian in the city centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Sunday at 15:00.|I was able to book for you. Do you need a reference number?
Yes, I do need it.  I'm also looking for a train that goes to Leicester after 18:30.  Is there anything available?|What day do you need to leave?
I need to leave on monday and depart from cambridge.|There are 5 different trains on that day. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes please. I just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 18:30 as possible.|the train id is TR0335. Booking was successful, the total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is  : 13V7H457.
Thanks that's all I need today|Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
I've heard good things about the Acorn guest house. Could you find it for me?|The Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free Wifi and parking. The address is 154 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge from Ely.|Sure what day will you be traveling?
Wednesday and needs to arrive by 18:15 that day.|There are 7 trains, TR1549 arrives at 18:07 if you'd like to book that just let me know.
I don't need to book right now. What time does this train depart from Ely?|Train TR1549 departs at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07.
Excellent, that's all the information I need right now. Thank you!|Have a great day.
Hello, we are planning on visiting Cambridge and would like to inquire about lodgings.  Can you find a place with free wifi and a rating of 4 stars?|Sure, do you have an area of town you prefer?
Any type is fine, I just would like it to have free parking as well.|Ok the alexander bed and breakfast is a four star guesthouse in the centre area would you like me to book it for you
Yes, for 8 people. 2 nights starting from friday. Include reference number.|I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is  7JY9OB7P. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a train. I would like it to arrive by 14:30|There are over a thousand trains arriving by 14:30 where are you departing from and going?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.|The train TR0601 will suit your needs. May I book that for you?
I'd like to book it for 8 people, yes.|Okay, you're booked with reference number 1KXLNMFR. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Goodbye!|Goodbye! Have a great day.
You too.|its been a pleasure serving you
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves African food in the centre|Have you tried bedouin?  I can make a reservation, if you like.
I'm looking for something expensive. Is bedouin expensive?|Yes, they are. It's a great place. They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Table for 2, on Sunday at 11:30.|Your reference numbeer is 05613G8F. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be it. Thanks and goodbye.|Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.
I would like to take a train to Cambridge that leaves on Friday.|What departure site and what time?
I'm leaving from Cambridge. Anytime after 15:00. I'm actually going to Peterborough.|Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have a time to arrive by.|TR0112 leaves at 17:06	 and will cost you 16.50 pounds. can we book?
Sure, that sounds good.  I will have a party of 6.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PBZWH353. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I also want to go to a nightclub in the area. Can you help me with that?|I have the club salsa at 1 station road.
Thanks! what is the entrance fee?|5 pounds anything else?
No. I think that's all.|Okay, great! Have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go in the centre.|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'm not sure.|There are old churches, colleges, and art museums.
I really don't have a preference.  How about old churches?|How about Holy Trinity Church? It has a free entrance fee as well.
Is there a phone number that I can use to contact the Holy Trinity Church?|The phone number is 01223355397.
Great I also need to get a train on thursday to go to bishops stortford.|There are 10 trains that day. Do you have a desired departure or arrival time?
Yes I want to leave from Cambridge after 14:30. I also would like the travel time and train ID if possible.|Sure TR7759 would work best with your request. That leaves at 15:29 and arrives 16:07. It does cost 10.10 pounds per ticket though.
That sounds perfect. I would like to book two seats.|Your total fee is 20.2 GDP, payable at the station.  The reference number is ALEMIAWN.  May I help with anything else?
Just to verify, my boss is a stickler for reimbursement things. It appears the travel time adds up to 38 minutes, is that accurate?|Correct, your trip from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford will take 38 minutes in total. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Great thank you that's all the info I need.|Very good, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking.|To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.|unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out|Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking.|One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north|There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
A moderate price range. I need 2 nights beginning Monday and the reference number. Also looking for a train, same people same day as hotel and reference number as well.|There are 9 options. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse please. I only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from monday.|May I recommend the Acorn Guest House at 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room for 1, for 2 nights starting Monday?
Yes, please. I would also like the reference number.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the north.|Are you looking for a specific hotel? Also what type of hotel are you looking for?
Hm, maybe something moderately priced? With free wifi?|The avolon would feet your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would like it to start Monday and be for 5 nights for 4 people.  Can I get the reference number?|I have booked you a room here is the information-Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CZQ8CCGZ. Any thing else I can help you with?
I also need a train heading to cambridge on monday as well|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving kings lynn after 13:15.|I have train TR2257 leaving at 14:11 and arriving at 14:58. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you!|Okay, thank you! Enjoy your trip.
Thank you too!|Bye Bye.
Can you help me find a corsica restaurant?|There is no restaurant serving corsica food in the town. What is another type of food you would like me to search for?
Then can you find me one that serves international food?|We have three places that serve international cuisine that you should like. Do you prefer East or Centre?
The Centre is fine.  I need a table for brunch on Sunday.|I recommend the Bloomsbury Restaurant.  It's located at Crowne Plaza Hotel, 20 Downing Street.  It's a moderately priced restaurant. Can I book this for you?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book a table for 4 people at 11:30 on Sunday? Thanks|I was able to book your party of 4 into Bloomsbury Restaurant on Sunday at 11:30 , Reference: 4ni28yk5.  Can I assist you further today?
I also need a train that will arrive by 18:15.|Sure, which stations are you traveling between?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday and I'd like to arrive to London Kings Cross by 18:15.  Is there anything available? What time will it leave?|TR7786 can have you there by 17:51.  It costs 23.60 pounds.
What is the travel time?|The trip takes 51 minutes. Would you like me to book that train for you?
not now. that is all i needed. have a good day|Goodbye, enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a cheap place to eat.|There a good number of cheap restaurants in town.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I just want to try something new. Could you suggest a couple of less common cuisines?|I would recommend the gardenia, a mediterranean restaurant located in the centre of town at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you be interested in reserving a table?
yes, reserve a table for two on thursday|Sure, I just need to know what time you would like to dine.
At 14:00 please|I have reserved your table. Your reference # is GDP785RS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train departing from bishops stortford going to cambridge.|What day would you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Thursday, the same as the restaurant reservation.|There's a train leaving every two hours on Thursday, what time would you like to depart?
It doesn't really matter, but I need to be there by 9:30.  So, the closest I can get to that will be good.|Ok great. The TR1242 will fit your needs. How many tickets would you like to book?
No thank you, but could you let me know the length of travel and the price of the train tickets?|It's a 38 minute ride and it will cost 10.10.
that is all i wanted for today. thanks|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.|Sure, we have la margherita which serves italian food and thanh binh which serves vietnamese food. Would one of these work for you?
They both sound great. Now I'm hungry. Thanks for the information!|Would you like me to book a table at either place?
No, not right now.  Could you help me find a train leaving Peterborough though?|Yes. There are quite a few trains leaving Peterborough. Can you tell me what day you'd like to travel, and perhaps narrow down the time as well?
I will be traveling in Sunday.|Unfortunately, I am unable to locate information based on your response. Please provide additional details of destination, day to travel, and time to arrive by.
Sure.  I need to leave Peterborough sometime later than 16:45 on Sunday.  I am going to Cambridge and need 4 seats.|I have a train leaving at 16:48, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I would like you to book that for 4 people. May I have the reference number please?|Yes, the Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3XQ3F49.
Thanks!  I appreciate your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thanks again.|It was my pleasure. If you need anything else just let me know.
Find me an expensive restaurant in the south please.|There are 5 results. Would you like chinese, indian, italian, or mexican food?
I would like a restaurant that serves Chinese food.|There are two great choices. The good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant. Would you like me to book you one?
No, I'm just interested in the address and phone number right now.|10 Hometown Street City Centre and phone is 01223354755
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 12:15.|Okay. What is the destination?
That will be London King's Cross, and I'll be travelling on Tuesday.|TR0315 is the first train out after 12:15. It departs at 13:00 and arrives at King's Cross at 13:51. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I need 6 of them.|That booking was successful and your reference number is A7PJEHZW.
I also need a hotel. Do not need Free Parking.|I have about 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel to choose from. Is there an area that you would like to stay in?
I need something in the south area.|I'm sorry there are no guesthouses in the south. Would you like a different area or a hotel instead?
Maybe try one with free parking.|rosa's bed and breakfast is super cheap, has free parking though, but it is a 4 star. Would you like to book it?
That would be fine. Can you book that for the same group of people for 2 nights starting on sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 9VM0WVB8. Will that be all?
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.|I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:45.|Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from ely.|And what day are you leaving?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|I have a train on Saturday that leaves at 19;35 and arrives by 19:52. Would that do?
I can work with that.|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 5 people.|You are booked for 5 tickets leaving Ely on Saturday at 19:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 19:52. Your reference number is Q245NAJF and the total fee is 17.6 Pounds payable at the station.
I am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called pizza express.|Great, I see that is a moderate italian restaurant located in the centre. When would you like to book it for and how many people?
Please book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.|The restaurant is reserved for 5 people on Saturday. Your reference number is Z5PRYMDV. Is there anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for all your help.|I hope you have a wonderful meal.
Thanks again for all of your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Yes, hopefully you can help with my planning.  I am looking for a place to stay.|I can help with that. What part of town will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to the north.|We have quite a few places in the North that you may enjoy staying, is there a particular price range you have in mind?
I would prefer something moderately priced.|I have several guesthouses and hotels that are located in the area that match your price range, did you have any other preferences?
Moderately priced, free parking in the north.|How about the Hamilton lodge?
Sure, could I get the phone number and postcode?|The postcode for the Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and the phone number is 01223365664.
Can you tell me if the Hamilton is a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|Sure, what can I help you with?
I need a train to peterborough from cambridge on friday and would like to arrive by 20:00.|TR5124 arrives at 19:56, would that work for you?
What is the price of the ticket?|Tickets are 16.50 pounds.
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 50 minutes.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to eat. What's the best Italian joint on the north side?|There is one Italian restaurant in the north. It is da vinci pizzeria. Do you want me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for two at 17:00 on the same day as the train.|Your table is booked, reference #O359O1HE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help, have a great day!|Your welcome! Have a great day too!
I'm in need of a train leaving Boxbourne that can't arrive any later than 14:00.  Can you find me one?|But of course. I just need a bit more info. What time do you want to leave and on what day?
I want to leave on Monday. It doesn't matter what time the train leaves as long as I arrive by 14:00.|Just to confirm:  Is your destination Cambridge or another city?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge, and I'll be coming in from Broxbourne.|Okay, that helps give us a good start, what day are you wanting to travel?
Monday, please. For 6 people.|It looks like there is a train leaving broxbourne at 12:32 and arriving in cambridge at 13:32. The price is 17.90 pounds per passenger. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 6 tickets.|The Booking for TR0354 was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8UV8Y3A7.
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful!|You are very welcomed. Have a great day!
I need a train to Ely after 08:15, please.|What day would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Cambridge on Wednesday, please.|There are no trains on Wednesday.
I need you to check again. Train from Ely to Cambridge.|OK, the earliest train after 08:15 is the 09:50 to Cambridge. It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Would you like to book seats?
Sounds great, what is the price and arrival time?|It will cost you 4.40 pounds and it arrives by 10:07.
Thanks! I'm also looking for someplace to eat in the center of town. Something in the moderate price range.|What type of food would you like to eat?
Type of food doesn't matter, what would you prefer?|I recommend cotto.  It has British cuisine.  Would you like reservations?
Yes, there will be 4 of us on Wednesday at 11:00. Please book.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is KOSM5AJ9.
Awesome, thanks for all your help! Good day|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I would like to find an expensive place to eat please.|We have 57 options available, do you have a preference on cuisine or location?
Yes, I would like some Chinese food, please.|There are 9 options. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
I am not familiar with Cherry Hinton Road. Is that in the Centre of town?|No, actually they are located in the south. Did you want me to check for what is available in the centre instead?
Yes please.  I would like something in the expensive price range.|We have 4 expensive chinese restauarants in the city centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you, can you just give me the address and phone number for one of them?|My favorite is the Ugly Duckling, located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. They don't seem to have a phone number, so would you like a different restaurant?
Yes please give me the post code and phone number for one of the restaurants that has them listed.  I am also looking for a train.|The Ugly Duckling's phone number is not available but their postcode is cb21tw. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough after 8:30.|What is your destination?
I need to be in Cambridge on Saturday.|There are 31 trains available, what departure time would be best for you?
Any time after 08:30 would work.|There are 31 available trains, do you have a more specific time in mind to help narrow them down?
The first train that leaves after 8:30 would be nice.|Ok. That train is TR1616 which leaves at 08:48. Would you like for me to book your seats?
No, but if you could give me the price of a ticket?|It is 13.20 pounds.
Great. That's all the information I need now. Thanks!|You're welcome, goodbye!
I'd like to find a museum in the centre of town, please.|I've found eleven different museums in the centre of the city. Would you like to hear about any in particular?
Actually, I would love it if you could give me a recommendation of one. And give me the postcode as well.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is free, the postcode is cb23dz.
Super.  I need a train on Sunday going to Norwich, also.  Can you help with this?|Train TR9533 is going to Norwich on Sunday at 10:36 and arrives at 11:55. Would you like to book it?
I would like to arrive by 11:00, if there is one available!|And just to confirm you'll be departing from cambridge?
Yes, I am departing from Cambridge and need to arrive in Norwich by 11:00.|TR4969 will leave Cambridge at 9:36 and arrive at norwich at 10:55.  Would you like to book it?
No, that would be all.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train to depart Cambridge leaving on Wednesday, can you help me?|There are over 200 trains departing Cambridge on Wednesday. What will be your destination?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.  I need to go to Peterborough.|There are 38 trains leaving from cambridge to peterborough. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 14:00 and make a booking.|I can book you on the TR 3587 leaving at 14:06 and arriving by 14:56. Would that be good?
Yes,and the reference number as well, please.|I will be glad to book this for you and get a reference number. Do you only need one ticket for yourself?
I would like to book for 5 people.|Your tickets have been reserved. The total will be 82.5 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is FSS5PPSG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend a good Turkish restaurant, moderately priced, in the centre of town?|Yes. Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would be a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table at one of them?
Anatolia sounds great. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone?|Anatolia's address is 30 Bridge street City Centre, the postcode is cb21uj, and the phone number is 01223362372.  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No, that will be all thank you.|You are welcome.  Have a great day! Goodbye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I was told the A and B Guest House was a great place to stay.  Can you give me information about it?|Absolutely! This is a moderately priced guest house with four stars. There is wifi included. It is located on the east. What else can I help with?
Do you have free parking? I refuse to pay for parking in a hotel that I am staying at. Wouldn't you agree?|Yes, I would as a matter of fact. And yes the offer free parking.
Okay, sounds good.  Also I need to get a train from Liverpool street to Cambridge.|What day would you like to make this trip? Do you have any other specifications?
Oh wait, you know what? I forgot to ask about star ratings. What's the star rating on the A and B Guest House, please?|It has four stars. Would you still like information on the train?
The train should leave after 12:45 and should leave on friday. for 2 people please book.|TR5015 leaves london liverpool street at 13:39 and arrives at cambridge by 15:07.  Would this work for you?
Does that train leave on Friday?|Yes, that train leaves on Friday.
I need two tickets.|Okay, two tickets are booked, for a total price of 33.2 GBP, and your reference number is MY04HJ0A, do you need anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything.|Thanks for using our system!
Can you help me find a place called Hughes Hall?|Yes, they are located in the centre on wollaston road, postal is cb12ew and phone is 01223334898.  Is there anything else that I can assist with?
What part of town is it located in? Are there any restaurants in that area?|Hughes Hall is located in the centre.  There are a lot of restaurants in that part of town.  Are you interested in a particular type?
Can I have the address and phone number? I also need a train leaving Sunday and arriving by 21:00|The address for Hughes Hall is Wollaston Road. The phone number is 01223334898.
Thanks. I also need a train for Sunday.|Okay, what is your destination and arrival preference?
I need to go to cambridge from kings lynn.|I have train TR6368 leaving at 6:11 and arriving at 6:58. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that train, for 7 people. And may I get a reference number for the booking? Thanks.|sure thing your ref # is 7RBUS3T6, anything else today?
No thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye|I am glad to help have a nice stay
What is the cheapest taxi service in Cambridge?|I would need more info, where would you need a taxi to and from?
I am looking for a train.|Okay, where will you be heading to?
I am leaving broxbourne to go to cambridge on sunday.|And what time of day do you want to travel?
I will be travelling at 12:30 PM|TR0862 will leave at 12.32
I would like to leave on Sunday.|TR0862 will leave at 12.32 on Sunday. Do you want me to book this train for you?
I don't want to book yet, but please tell me the arrival time for that one|The arrival time is 13:32.
Thanks very much. Goodbye|Did you need any further help?
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for that departs from Cambridge on Saturday.|There are 202 trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Can you give me a destination point so that I can narrow it down for you?
I would like to go to Birmingham New Street and the train should leave after 14:15.|The TR3735 leaves at 15:01, will that suit you?
That would be great. Can you get me 7 tickets on that train?|Alright, you booking was successful, your confirmation number is KU1R7NQO.
Ok. Is that also the reference number? Thanks.|That's correct, the number I gave you was the reference number you'll need.  You'll need to pay 420.56 GBP when you get to the station.  Is there anything else?
Okay. Thank you very much.|Is there anything I can help you with today?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Have a night day.|Thank you.  You have a night day as well.
Hello I am looking for a train leaving from ely and arriving at cambridge.|What day would you like to travel on?
Monday leaving after 8:00.|Train TR2987 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in cambridge at 09:52.  Would that work?
yes it will, please book for three and get the reference number|OK, your 3 seats on TR2987 are reserved, reference #D4K46W8T. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking to get some Indian food.|Curry Prince is an Indian cuisine on the East side of town and in the moderate price range, would you like to try?
No I want somewhere cheap in the centre actually|There are three options available to you then. I recommend kohinoor. Do you want a table reserved?
Yes. please reserve for 3 people on monday at 11:00 and give me the reference number|The table is book and the reference number is TZS9RXI3.
That is all I needed, thank you and good day!|Okay, have a wonderful time during your visit!
I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:30.|I am showing 791 entries that will fit your criteria . Is their a specific day or departure location you would like ?
Yes, I need to leave Norwich on Friday.|Is there a arrive or leave by time you prefer?
I am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and I need to book 5 tickets. And can you please give me the reference number?|I have 10 trains that will have you arriving by 16:30.  Do you have a specific departure time?
I just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 5 tickets please.|I have booked you on the TR4828 departing Norwich from Cambridge at 14:16 and arriving by 15:35, the total is 88GBP and your reference number is HXYMACBP.
I also need help looking up a restaurant called hk fusion.|It is a chinese food in the centre. It is expensive and located at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
Could you book a table for me there please?  5 people on Friday at 20:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YB8DRR8X. What else may assist you with?
Thank you! I think that's all I need for now.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.|Sure, there are lots of places to go in the centre area. Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
No. What would you recommend?|Ballare nightclub is a lot of fun. They're at 1 Station Road, and it's 5 GBP to get in. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please give me their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223364222.
I also need a train to Cambridge that leaves after 19:00.|You have many options. Where would you be departing from, and what day would you need this for?
Well, I'm in Peterborough and I need to get to Cambridge on Tuesday.|The first train that leaves after 19:00 leaves at 19:19 and should arrive by 20:09 on Tuesday. This would cost 16.50 pounds.
Could you also give me the train ID for that?|The train id is TR2636 and it leaves at 19:19.
Great thank you! That will be all I need.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
I should have already told you that, how rude of me.  Can you please tell me what museums are in Cambridge?|there are 79 museums is there a particular type or area you would prefer?
I really don't have a preference.  Do you have one that you could recommend that would be interesting for a few different age groups?|i like cambridge artworks. it is in the east side. can i give you the  address?
Yes thank you. I'd love to get the address there.|Okay the address is 5 greens road.
I also need to find a train for Wednesday between Cambridge sand Stansted Airport to arrive by 16:15.|Okay, sure.  Train TR0678 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday and arrives at Stansted Airport by 16:08.  Would you like to book that?
What is the price?|37 pounds, I can book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves indian food.|Sure, what is your price point?
as cheap as possible|There are three restaurants: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 4 on sat at 14:15, and I need the reference number|The booking was successful and your reference number is 57DS952F.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves London Kings Cross on Saturday and arrives in Cambridge by 09:45.|I have train TR8885 that leaves at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:08. Will that work for you?
Would it be possible to book that train for 4 people?|I have made your reservation for 4 tickets on TR8885. The total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is KO3L1QDO.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|Thank you. Let us know if you need more help.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|sure, do you need a train to get here?
Yes, on tuesday from kings lynn, leaving after 10:30 please?|TR8331  leaves at 11:11	and arrives 11.58. can i book this one for you?
Yes please, I need 3 tickets and the reference number.|Alright,  the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is: 3LS7FBU8. Anything else I can get you?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi.|We have lots of hotels!  Any part of town you'd prefer?
I do not have a preference on area.|Are you on a budget?
No. I would prefer something expensive and with free wifi.|Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel?
is that a guest house?|no, it's listed as a hotel. do you need a guesthouse?
Yes please.|I don't have any guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Would you be willing to stay in a hotel? Or can we search using different criteria?
No, I really want a guesthouse. What about something in the moderate price range?|in what area do you prefer?
i dont care about the area|There are 14 guesthouses in the city that meet your criteria. Let's see if we can narrow it down a little. Do you need internet or parking?
The hotel should include free wifi.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
i don't care, i already told you that.|And do you have a preference on the number of stars the establishment should have? I see both 3 and 4 star options.
I would prefer a four star can you send me some info on that?|Sure thing, I would suggest the acorn guest house.
Give me their area and address|The Acorn Guest House is located in the north part of the city and their address is 154 chesterton road. Anything else for you today?
No. Thanks you. That's all. Goodbye|Thank you for calling our service today. Please let us know if we can assist you with your future needs. Goodbye!
Yes, I need some train information.  Looking to depart cambridge and arrive by 08:45.|TR5767 leaves at 05:00 should i book it for you?
No, thank you. Does that leave on Tuesday and go to birmingham new street?|No, but I have 3 others that do. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please. I will need a ticket for one and the reference number.|I booked a seat on TR3225 with reference number 0KARLG2E.  The fee is 75.09 payable at the station.  Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south of town. Are there any guesthouses there?|I have three guesthouse located in the south. Did you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer something on the cheaper side.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is cheap, 4 stars, located in the south, and includes internet and parking! Would you like me to book?
No not today. I think that is everything I need. Thank you.|Thank you again for using our service. Good day ma'am.
My son is a junior in high school, we are looking at college.  Can you tell me about what colleges are in cambridge?|Sure! What specific part of Cambridge are you interested in? There are colleges in both the west and the centre areas.
What is located in the centre?|I recommend downing college. It's free admission.
Can you provide me with their address and phone number please?|Their address is agent street. their phone number is 01223334860
I also need a train to Cambridge.|okay any particular time you would like to leave? Also where are you coming from?
I will be coming from Ely and would like to arrive in Cambridge by 11:00.|Do you know which day you'd like to travel?
Yes, on Sunday.|Okay the TR4212 arrives by 09:52.
Thanks very much! What time does it depart, and how long is the ride?|The train TR4212 departs at 09:35 and the ride is 17 minutes long. Would you like to book it?
No thank you! That's all I need. Thanks for all of your help!|you are welcome all the time
Thanks again, thats all I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a train that leaves at 18:45 and goes to Cambridge.|Sure. Where are you departing from and what day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving from Broxburne on Friday.|There is a train leaving at 19:12.
Great, can I get 2 tickets on that train?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F2A9AC1K.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to go maybe a theatre.|Sure there are a few.  Would you like it to be in a specific area of town?
It doesn't matter. You make a suggestion and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area|ADC is in the centre, 01223300085. The entrance fee is not available at the time. Is there anything else?
Yes, what area is this located in?  I may give them a call today and ask about the entrance fee.|It is located in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge around 10:45|What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday, and departing from Stevenage.|There are 3 trains that match your search. Do you want to book one?
No, can you just let me know the travel time for this trip?|The travel time from Stevenage to Cambridge is 49 minutes.
Ok thanks. I'll have to get back to you on how many tickets. Have a great day.|Thank you, goodbye!
I'm looking for somewhere to go|There are many options for you. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I don't really care. But it needs to be in the western part of cambridge.|Lynne strover gallery is a museum located in the west, and the entrance is free. Would you like the address and phone for it?
Just the address in the postcode would be great|The Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to book a train as well.|Okay. Where do you need to depart from and arrive to? And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive in leicester by 16:00.|TR4792 leaves at 13:31 and arrives at 15:06.  Would you like to book it?
Yeah, that'll work, good ahead and book it for just me, thanks.|Great. I booked you for one ticket on the train. Your reference number is BURBKJXX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot.|You're very welcome.  Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that leaves Cambridge going to Leicester arriving by 16:15|We have 77 options available. Is there a certain day you want to travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Monday, going to Cambridge from Leicester.|TR6723 leaves on monday from cambridge arriving in leicester at 16:06.  Would that work for you?
Could I have the travel time and price for that particular train?|The travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, I also need a Chinese restaurant in the centre, please.|I have 10 restaurants in the centre area that have chinese. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.|I would like to recommend Ugly Duckling. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes, a table for 1 at 20:30. But could you check the train again? I need to leave from Liecester, not arrive there.|I have your table for 1 booked at the Ugly Duckling, Monday at 20:30.  The reference number is YDG81NJ5.  Just a moment while I check on the train.
Okay.  Sorry for the mix-up.  Thanks for checking.|Yes I can book that for you if you would like.
Yes, that would be great. Thank you.|Now that your reservation at Ugly Duckling is taken care of, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No you have been a great help, thanks.|It was a pleasure to help you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and free parking.|There an area of town or pricerange you want?
a star of 4 and should be in the cheap range and in the North|The Worth House in meets your needs. Would you like me to start a booking?
Yes, please. On Tuesday for 3 nights for 8 people.|You are all set! Reference number YSGI8LQ1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I might be all set.|Okay great. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to go to in the centre that has entertainment. Can you help?|There is no entertainment in the centre, did you have something else in mind?
How about architecture?|There are five architecture attraction in the Centre.  Do you care about the entry fee?
I don't. Could you recommend one, and give me the phone number and address?|I recommend Old Schools. Their address is Trinity Lane, and their phone number is 01223332320.
I also need a train to Peterborough on Tuesday|I have many trains going to peterborough on tuesday.  Where are you departing from and what time would you like to arrive?
I can't wait to get to Cambridge and try some of the restaurants I've heard about. Can you tell me about one of them? I think the name is Little Seoul.|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre which is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Table for 8 at 15:00 on wednesday.|I'm so sorry, but Little Seoul was unable to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can we do the same day at 14:00 instead?|The booking was successful, reference number is 0F3L674U
Great I also need to get a train on thursday leaving from cambridge.|Where will you be wanting to go?
I'd like to arrive in Norwich by 13:15 if possible.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in norwich by 12:55. Would you like me to book that for you today?
Thats is great, I need it for 8 people as well, and can I get a reference number as well please?|Sure thing. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : WOWBP7SK.
That's all I need. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
Hey, I'd like to find a hotel in the north, today.|I have 13 hotels in the north. What type of hotel did you want?
I want one with moderate prices that has free wifi.|I have five hotels that match your requests.
Do they include wifi?|Yes all of them do. May I recommend something to you?
I am open to any hotel that matches my requests. I need it booked for 1 person, 3 nights starting thursday|Okay. I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok can you book that for me and get me a confirmation number|May i please have your details (Name, ID, Phone number, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you?
You have all the information you need.|I made the booking for you.  Your confirmation number is DN8DIW5T.  What else can I do for you?
I need a train.|I'm going to need more information than that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? And do you have a date and time in mind?
i will be leaving from cambridge after 15:45|Okay, and where are you traveling to?
i'm traveling to kings lynn and need to leave after 15:45|There are a number of trains that leave after 15:45. The one closest to the time is TR1911 leaving at 16:11. What day would you like to travel?
I'll need the to take the train on Tuesday. I'll need it for the same number of people as my hotel reservation.|Your 1 ticket booking on the TR1911 train was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : O8BN9KXH.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?|Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.|Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel. Maybe you need a certain area of town?
Either would work for me. Just a decent room is all I really need. I'm going to be at a business conference in the north so maybe in that area.|I think the ashley Hotel best suites your needs, would you like me to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.|Okay, your booking was successful.  The reference number is : BBO5NVNF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thank you for helping|You are so welcome. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge.|Is there a specific time and destination you are traveling to?
i need to get to kings lynn. i want to leave after 20:45|There is a train that leaves at 21:00.
That sounds good. What is the arrival time and train ID? I'll also need the price of the ticket.|TR8387 Will arrive at 21:58. 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the information. I believe I have everything I need.|Okay glad I could help.
What train should I take to get to Cambridge by 14:45?|Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and what day you want to travel?
Depart from london liverpool street and should leave on monday.|Any arrival time in mind?
Yes, 14:45. Could you give me a departure time that meets my criteria?|Yes, TR7040 leaves at 11:39 and arrives by 13:07. Would that work for you?
I don't know yet. Do you know how much it will cost?|Tickets are 16.60 pounds
Okay. I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any restaurants in the centre that serve asian oriental food?|There are several choices. Do you have a specific price range?
Nah. Can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at 20:45 on Monday, please.|I was not able to book a table at 20:45. Would you like to try another time?
How about 19:45 and give me a reference number|One moment while I try to make the reservation for 19:45.
I would like the reference number if it s successful please.|The reference number is 2DNK6C4B.
Thank you very much for the help. Good bye!|Thank you. Goodbye.
I am looking for multiple sports in the centre.|Sorry I have no listing in centre,can I check another area?
No. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?|There are thirteen colleges that are listed in the city's centre.
Pick one! I just need to phone number, postcode, and address, please.|Christ College, 0122334900, Saint andrews Street cb23bu.
Thanks.  I was also interested in finding a train from Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|We will miss you!  Where are you traveling to?
I need to go to Kings Lynn on Thursday after 19:00.|Okay the TR0481 matches your needs. It leaves at 19:11.
that sounds good, i will need a reservation for eight people and give me a reference number also please.|Your booking has been successful. Your total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUPD31QM. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks|wonderful, enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a place to dine that serves modern European food that is located in the Centre.  What is your suggestion for this type of restaurant?|I have a couple of options for you, what price range would you like?
I'd like a cheap price range please.|the river bar steakhouse and grill matches all the things you are looking for .Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you reserve me a table on Tuesday for 6 people at 18:00.|I'm sorry, but it appears there is no opening for that time. would you like to try for a different time?
Yes try 17:00 instead please|Booked! Reference number: NA0XWZAR. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave after 11:15.|Okay, what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be going to Stevenage on Wednesday.|I have train TR3685 departing Friday at 13:00 would that be suitable for you?
Yes, I think that will do just fine. What's the price and length of trip, please?|The price for the trip is 12.80 pounds and its 49 mintues
Okay, thank you for that information!|You're welcome! May I help with anything else?
That will be all, goodbye.|Train TR2874 leaves the earliest at 13:31. Have a great day!
Hi I am looking for places to go in the center of town.|Sure, we have a lot of attractions available. What would you like to do?
An entertainment attraction would be nice.|I don't see a match. Do you have any other preferences?
How about we try nightclubs?|how about ballare? i've heard great things.
Ballare sounds great. Is there a entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Thursday running from Norwich to Cambridge, and I'd like to arrive by 10:30.  Can you help with that?|There a 4 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 05:16. When would you like to depart?
I want to arrive by 10:30 for norwich to cambridge I need the train ID and departure time please|the tr9905 will bet you there by 09:35 and it leaves at 08:16, anything else today?
No, that is everything. Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day!
Thanks. You too.|You're very welcome! Bye!
Hi, I need to catch a train after 14:15 on Thursday.|There is a train that departs cambridge and arrives  at london kings cross on friday.
Oh, no, I need a train that leaves from Birmingham new street and go to Cambridge.|How about TR8121? It leaves at 14:40.
What time does it arrive?|It arrives in Cambridge at 17:23.
I'll need to know the price and travel time, and I am also looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|The cost is 75.10 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 163 minutes. As far as restaurants I have 5 available. Which type of food would you like?
British food would be my preference.|Unfortunately there are no British restaurants in the South in that price range. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Okay, how about Chinese food.|There are two with your preferences, The Good luck Chinese takeaway and Peking Restaraunt.  Both are in the South, would you like me to book one of those?
No but can you give me the address, postcode and phone number for the Peking Restaurant please?|Sure. Peking Restaurant, 10 Homerton Street, City Centre cb28nx, Phone: 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I have all I need now. Have a good one. Bye.|Have a good day.
I  need a train going to cambridge.|There are a lot of trains going to cambridge, where are you leaving from and what day? What time do you want to leave?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Monday and need a train that will leave that Monday from Bishops Stortford to arrive Cambridge by 10:30.|There are three trains that would work. The earliest leaves at 5:29, the latest leaves at 9:29, arriving at 10:07. Which should I book for you?
I would like to book the 5:29 for 7 passengers if that is available.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IUNU69VQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. i also need a hotel to stay and should include free wifi|Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the west side and also need free parking.|Alright I found two options for you an expensive one and a cheap one. Which would you prefer to book?
I don't have a preference.  What do you recommend?|I would recommend the Hungtingdon Marriott Hotel. It's expensive and in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights on Monday.|Reference number is J9Z5CBKI. Is there anything else?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|You are more than welcome. Goodbye.
I hope so. Can you tell me if there are any 3 star places to stay on the west side?|I see Hobsons House in the west side has a 3 star rating.
Great!  Can you book for 3 nights for me please?|Yes I can is the room only for you?
No, I need a room for two, for 5 nights starting on tuesday.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : F4WXMKYA.
I also need a train for the same day.|Where will you be traveling to and from?
I will to Cambridge from Broxbourne.|I have 19 trains that leave Cambridge for Broxbourne on Tuesday.  What time of day do you want to travel?
I need to leave after 16:30 please.|TR0189 leaves at 17:01, would you like a booking or just more information for now.
How long is the travel time, please?|You will arrive by 18:01.
What is the travel time?|Travel time on this particular train is 60 minutes. Would you like me to book any seats?
No.  I don't need to book.  I am all set.|Great.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks for the information. that is all i needed|Okay well I'm glad I could help.
I need  a train on Friday.|Okay. What day would you like to travel? What time would you like to leave? Where are you departing from and what is the destination please?
I am going to cambridge coming from london kings cross.  I will be leaving on friday after 16:30.|OK, the earliest departure I have is 17:17. Would you like to book it?
How much is a ticket?|I do not have that information available.
Can I at least get the train ID?|They system is down please try again later.
Please inform me of the train ID and price when the system is available. I am also looking for entertainment in the centre.|I have TR0835 leaving at 17:17 and arriving at 18:08. That has a travel time of 51 minutes and a price of 23.60 pounds.
I want an entertainment attraction in the center part of town also thanks.|little saint mary's church offers architecture and is located at little saint mary's lane. Entrance fee is free
Hi there. I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|Okay, train TR8131 leaves at 7:17 on Sunday and arrives by 8:08.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it|Excellent, how many are travelling?
The train should be arriving at london liverpool street and leave after 10:00. I would like 4 tickets for that specific train. I also need the reference number.|I would recommend TR5767 which leaves Cambridge at 10:21 and arrives in Leicester at 12:06.  Would you like this to be booked for you?
Let's back up a bit here. I need to get to London Liverpool Street, not Leicester.|I have TR9025 that I can book for you that departs cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at liverpool street at 13:27. Does that work for you?
It does. Please book for four people and give me the reference number.|I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is G6ULCKEV. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information about a hotel called cityroomz.|cityroomz is a moderately priced 0-star hotel in the centre area. Anything more specific about it you'd like to know?
Yes can you tell me the area it is located in and the postal code?|Yes, it's in the centre area and the postcode is cb12tz. I can try to book you a room if you'd like. Or help you with something else?
That's okay. Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome, enjoy.
Could you give me some information on getting a train to Cambridge on Thursday?|I sure can! We have several trains that meet that criteria, do you have a specific departure point in mind?
Yes, I want to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 10:15.|I can get you on an 11:39 departure. Will that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 2 people and give me a reference number?|Your train has been booked, reference number is EC3AFT68.
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant located in the centre.|i'd like to suggest to you bedouin
Sounds great, can you reserve us a table? Same 2 people and on the same day. We'd like to eat at 17:00.|Reservations for the same day have been booked for the bedouin. The reference number is U5H97VUV.
I need a place to eat that is expensive.|There are many options for expensive dining.
Specifically, I would like an Indian restaurant.|There are a number of expensive Indian options.  Is there a specific part of town you were looking for?
Not really, as long as it is open on Monday and has room for 5 people.|It appears that the Curry Garden meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please make reservations for 5 people at 16:45 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : J8918H0X. anything else i can help you with?
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I will be traveling on Monday.|OKay, is there a certain time you need to leave?
I would like to arrive by 11:00. Could you give me the departure time and train ID?|I can suggest the TR4448 arriving by 06:07.
Is there a departure time?|That train departs at 05:29.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to get a train from cambridge to Norwich.|I have a train leaving at 12:36 and arriving at 13:55. Is that ok?
Actually no, I need a train leaving on Monday after 20:30.|I have a train which leaves at 20:36. Would that work for you?
book for 4. get me the reference number please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : RI594OCX.
Awesome. You've been a great help. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Goodbye.
Is the travellers rest restaurant still open?|It appears that they are open, but their number is 01223276182 to verify. Does that help?
Can I book a table for six people on Sunday? At 12:15?|Reference number is : 7WXPZ42X. Anything else?
I also need to find a train from ely to cambridge.|Let me narrow down the choices. What day will you be traveling? And, what time do you want to arrive or depart?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|Alright I have 10 trains. Please tell me when you want to leave or arrive
I'd like to arrive by 08:15. Please select the first option that comes up and book for 6 people, then send me the reference number|The booking was successful and your reference number is CKRJK7NI.
That is all I needed, thank you!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Thank you. Goodbye.|lad we could help, call back soon!
I need to get to Peterborough. Can you find me a train that gets there by 13:30?|What day will you travel on ?
I will depart from Cambridge on Wednesday.|The train closest to your requested time is the TR1108, leaving Cambridge at 12:34, arriving Peterborough at 13:24. Would you like to book a ticket?
Please and I would appreciate it if you could give me the train ID, departure time, and booking reference.|The train ID is TR1108, and the departure time is 12:34, but to book your ticket I'll need to ask - how many tickets would you like to purchase?
I will need three tickets please.|You are all ready with three tickets. The total fee is 49.5 and you will pay that at the station. Reference number is JPNLH7QF.
I would also like to find a museum in town.|There are 23 museum options in town. Can you help me by narrowing down where in town you'd like the museum to be?
No preference, what would you suggest?|The broughton house gallery is popular and it is free. It is in the center of town at 98 king street. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the postcode for the broughton house gallery?|The postcode for the gallery is cb11ln. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book reservations for place to eat for me.|There are many choices for restaurants in town. Do you have a specific area, price range, or type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|Hmm, my restaurant reservation system seems to be down at the moment.  Is there anything else I can help you with right now?
No that is all.  Thank you for helping me.|You are welcome. Thanks for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
hi I want a train to Ely arrived by 13:45, can you help me do that?|What time do you want to depart?
Any time is fine as long as it's on Saturday.|There is only one train that would meet your criteria closely and it leaves at 11:50 and arrives  in Ely at 12:07. may I book that for you?
Yes, please. I will need 8 tickets, and please give me the reference number once you book.|First, may I confirm that your departure site is Cambridge?
That is correct.|I have successfully booked you 8 tickets. Your reference number is 0YY5WZQ6. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a Thai restaurant in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about a restaurant that serves european food? I'd like the phone no. and postcode to that, please.|There are 5 places that serve European. Did you prefer modern European, or just European food in general?
Just european food in general, please.|How about the Galleria? Their phone number is 01223362054 and the address is 33 Bridge Street, the postcode is cb21uw
Sounds lovely. Thank you so much for all of your help!|Thank you for using this system.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday|Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne.|We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
No that's all thanks|Okay, have a good day then
I need to find a train from ely to Cambridge TownInfo centre.|Train TR8519 will depart ely  for cambridge at 05:36 is that time okay with you?
I would need to leave after 09:00 on tuesday.|The TR4669 departs Ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's not needed. Can I get the price and travel time please?|The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket and the travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's not necessary.  You can help me locate a concert hall in the west end, however.|Unfortunately there are no concert halls in the west end.
Could you check for a college instead?|Churchill College is on the west end. Would you like the address?
Yes please, I need the address for the college.|Churchill College is located at Storey's Way, cb30ds. Their phone number is 01223336233.
Great. Thank you for all of your help!|You are very welcome, I hope you enjoy your time here.  Thank you for contacting the the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Will need a train to arrive by 17:45  and should leave on Friday|There are 252 trains that fit that criteria. Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am in Broxbourne and need to travel to Cambridge on Friday.|There are a total of 12 trains that fit that criteria. Would a train that departs at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32 work for you?
Yes that will work. Could you please reserve tickets for 4 and provide the reference number too?|4 tickets are booked, your reference number is 41TU2A6G
Thank you.  I am also looking for a place to stay.  A hotel in the centre.|There are 3 hotels in center. Is there a price range you prefer?
In the moderate price range|In the moderate price range there is only the cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. For Friday, I'd like to book 4 people for 2 nights at the cityroomz. Please give me a reference number.|Your booking is successful the reference number is FP3FUS6E.
Thank you so much for all of your help. Have a great day.|You are very welcome! I am glad I was able to help, thank you for using our service and I hope we see you again.
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?|I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?|It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?|What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please.|The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?|They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.|TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Yes, that's wonderful! I need 5 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D7VF1LOX.
Great that's all I needed today thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me find a train going to london kings cross leaving on thursday?|Did you have a certain time you needed to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave cambridge and arrive by 20:15.|I could suggest train TR8636, which arrives by 07: 51, should I book?
I don't need the booking yet. You've already give me the train ID. I just need the departure time and the travel time. Thanks.|you leave at 7 and arrive by 7 51.
What is the travel time? I'm also looking for information on a hotel, carolina bed and breakfast.|The travel time is 51 minutes. As far as that hotel goes, it's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse on the east side.
I want to book for 5 people, 4 nights, starting from sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : K5MBWIXI.
Thanks so much.  That was all I needed today.|If you need anything else, please contact us.
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?|Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave?
I just need to get there by 21:30.|Okay I have a train would you like a ticket to hogwarts?
To Peterborough, please, for 4 people. I need to arrive by 21:30.|I have booked it and the reference is GKJEBZN9.
Thanks, I also need a place to stay in Cambridge. I don't care about free parking, though.|there are so many places. which side do you prefer?
I would like to stay in the south please.|Rosa's Bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the South part of town in the cheap price range including free Internet and parking.
Thank you. What is the postcode?|The post code is  cb22ha. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.
I need a thursday train that arrives by 8:30.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage.|You have two options; TR2016 departs at 05:21 and TR4376 departs at 07:21. Would you be interested in either of these?
Either one is fine. I need 8 tickets please.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number, can you also give me information about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds?|It is located on Cherry Hinton Road and phone is 01223446104 is there any thing else
I need a one bed hotel room near Cambridge on Friday. Can you assist?|You chose attraction and the hotels will not come up. I can assist with attractions.
I would like a recommend for an attraction to visit in the Centre please.|It depends on what you like - do you like museums? Colleges? Music? Let me know so I can recommend something
I'm not particular. I'm just looking for something to do. Is there something that you could recommend as a you don't want to miss while your in town thing?|We have a great cinema here in town. It is called Vue Cinema. It's in the centre of town. Would that sound like something you would be interested in?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number?|Sure! They are located at The Grafton Centre, East Road, and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also interested in finding a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Thursday.|We have 19 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
i need the train to leave after 15:30.|I have a total of nine entries. Would you like to narrow it down? Or I have a train at 15:36, or 16:36 as well?
15 36 is good. book for 5 please|I've got your tickets booked.    Need a place to stay?
May I have the reference number?|I will get that reference number for you.
Okay...do you have the reference number yet?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would like information on museums to visit in the centre of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Is there a particular museum you are interested in?
Which one do you recommend? Can i have the address and phone number?|I'd recommend the Castle Galleries their phone number is 01223307402 and address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Saturday.|Sure. Where are you departing from and when did you want to arrive?
I am departing from Cambridge and don't care what time I arrive as long as I depart after 21:30 from broxbourne.|The TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01.
I think that one is a good bet. Can you book it for me?|How many tickets do you need?
I've got a group of 8 people in all.|You are booked for 8.  Your total fee is 114.56 GBP.  TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01 and arrives in broxbourne by 23:01.
What is the reference number?|The reference number is UWNPYQIB.
Can you help me look up for any architecture attraction in the West of Cambridge?|Oh no!  We don't have any attractions meeting that description.  Is there something else I can help with?
how about some entertainment?|I do have one entertainment venue. It is called Whale of a Time. From what I hear, it is very popular. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill.
can i get their phone number?|Their phone number is 01954781018.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train going to Cambridge that leaves on Friday. Any time would be okay.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site or arrival time?
I need to get to town by 12:30. And I'm coming from bishops stortford|Okay I have a train that arrives at 12:07. Should i book this for you?
No thanks. I just need the train ID and travel time for now.|TR6834 is a 38 minute ride.
Thanks for your help.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. I hope you have a great trip. Goodbye!
I was wondering if you could help me in finding a train to the airport.|Sure.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will need to leave from Cambridge if that's ok|What day are you travelling?
On Wednesday. I need the train to arrive by 19:15.|I have a train that arrives earlier at 18:08 and one that arrives just before your specified time at 19:08.
I'd like to book 3 tickets on the train arriving at 19:08, please. And would it be possible to have a reference number for the booking?|OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR4447, departing Cambridge at 18:40, arriving Stansted at 19:08. Total fee is 30.29 GBP. Reference #5VRJSMSE. Will that be all today?
Yes, it will. Thanks so much. Have a nice day.|You are very welcome.  Enjoy your day too.  Bye.
Hello, can you help me find information about Finches Bed and Breakfast in Cambridge?|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west area. It is a 4 star cheap guesthouse that offers free parking and internet. Would you like a  reservation?
Yes please! I'd like the reservation to be for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Alright, the booking was successful, your reference number is: LT8DPU71. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks for your help.  Have a good day!|Hope you enjoy your stay, cheers!
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|There are three matching hotel of that description, do you have a set price range to narrow down the options?
I would also like free parking|Huntingdon marriott hotel is available, would you like to try that?
What is their address?|The address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, postcode pe296fl.
Ok great. I need to get a train ticket going too kings lynn on friday. Can you help me?|Looks like there are 19 trains leaving that day. Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I need a train that leaves afer 21:15 and departs from cambridge.|Train TR0394 leaves at 22:11. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for just myself please.|You are all set.  Reference KKPNSQA3.  The total fee is 9.80 pounds which is payable at the station.  Anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  That's all I needed.  Good bye.|Have a great day.
I am looking for information about Cambridge. What kind of places can you go in town?|I have colleges, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, etc? Is there something particular you would like to do and I can narrow it down.
A nightclub sounds fun. Is there one in the centre of town?|I have five. Would you like to try club salsa or the fez club?
Sounds fun, can I get entrance fee, address, and postcode.|Sure. Were you interested in club salsa or the fez club?
I think Club Salsa would be perfect. I am also looking for a train to depart from Cambridge and go to London Kings Cross.|The entrance fee is 5 pounds; the address is 1 station road; the postcode is cb12jb. What day and time are you looking to travel?
The train should arrive by 12:00. I am looking to travel on Wednesday.|There are 4 trains available.  The earliest leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51.  Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that will work.  Can you please give me the train ID for that booking?|Yes, it is TR3702. How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't think I will book that train just yet.  Thank you for all the info.  That's all I needed.  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a train departing from London Kings Cross.|I have 70 trains departing from that location, do you have any more information to narrow it down some?
Yes, I'd like to go to Cambridge on Tuesday, sometime after 13:15.|Train TR3456 leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Would you like to book this train?
I think that will work. What is the ticket price and travel time for that train?|The ticket price is 23.60 pounds. Travel time on this route is 51 minutes. Would you like me to arrange a booking on this train?
Yes, that sounds good.|Great, I have booked your ticket. Your reference number is : 3TF3UIGP.
Okay thank you for all your help.|You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a restaurant called pizza express Fen Ditton, do you have any information on it?|Yes, What would you like to know about it?
Can you tell me if they have a table for 8 available at 12:45 Monday?|Yes they certainly do. I made you a reservation for Monday and your reference number is 8V5QECRH.
Wait, I need to change the booking to friday.|No problem; I've updated your reservation to Friday. Your new reference number is RJQO3OZ0. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train after 18:15 on Saturday.|Sure I can help you with that.  Where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving from cambridge, and I need to go to bishops stortford.|The TR4673 leaves at 19:29, you'll arrive by 20:07. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to reserve seats on that train. Same group from the restaurant.|Thank you for all your information. Enjoy your lunch at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
Thank you very much!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for information on trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|There are many trains departing throughout the day, which day were you looking to leave?
Tursday, leaving after 17:00, please.|The TR1828 departs Broxbourne at 17:32, arrives in Cambridge at 18:32. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  I would like a booking for 5 people and the reference number once the booking has been confirmed.|Reference number is : VRSU89VK. at the  price of 89.5 GBP
I'm also looking for a college to see in the centre area. Can you give me some matches to this criteria?|I have 13 colleges listed in the centre. Christ's college and downing college both have free admission.
Christ's college sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode and phone number please?|Yes. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.
That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from ely.|Okay, sure  I'd be happy to help. Did you have a specific destination or date in mind?
Yes I want to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday.|What time would you like to depart and/or arrive?
I need to depart from ely and arrive in cambridge by 17:15|There are 6 available trains that will arrive in Cambridge by that time. There is 5:52, 7:52, 9:52, 11:52, 13:52 and 15:52. Which would you like?
The 5:52 will be fine. Please book it for five people.|Sure, you reference number is 5CAOA9FN. Is there anything else i can do for you today?
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre. Can you get me the entrance fees to these places?|I have 79 places for you to go. Can you help me narrow your search by specifying what type of place you would like information on?
I would like an attraction in the centre please.|Okay, that narrows it down to 44.  Is there any specific place you'd like to go to?
Do you have any museums?|There are 11 museums in the area, would you be interested in the whipple museum of the history of science?
Sure, the history of science sounds cool. How much is the entrance fee for it?|It actually has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I think that's the last thing I'll need.|The address is free school lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service!
I would like to find out about going to a park in the west.|There are no parks in the west. Would you like me to look in another area, or for a different attraction?
What about a museum on the west side?|Sure. There are 7 options.  Do you have any preference as far as entrance fee?
Free is great for entrance fee. I'll just need the postcode.|Cafe Jello gallery is free. Their postcode is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train to leave after 12:30|there is a train leaving for london kings cross at 13:00, would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, thank you - were you just going to book a random day for me?|Where are you traveling from and your destination? Also what day?
I need to go Cambridge from London Liverpool street on Thurday, please.|Okay! How about the 13:59 train? It's the earliest one after 12:30.
THat sounds great, can I please get 6 tickets?|I booked you 6 tickets on the TR4187. Your reservation is OQ5TX031. A total of 99.6 GBP is due at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!|thank you for using this service good bye
I'm looking for a train that will depart from Birmingham New Street and go to Cambridge. Can you help me?|There are 133 trains from Birmingham New Street and to Cambridge. Is there a particular day and/or time you're interested in?
Yes, I want to leave on Monday and I need to arrive by 11:15|Train TR5747 departs at 7:40 and would arrive in Cambridge at 10:23. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, thanks.|Here is your reference number: QQVPN13M. Total fee will be 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking a 0 star hotel with a cheap price.|I found 2 zero star guesthouses that are cheap.  One is in the north and one in the centre.  Which area would you prefer?
Are you able to find me a hotel in the east with free parking?|There are 3 cheap guesthouses in east with free parking. They are all 4 stars. Would you like me to book one of those?
No, I'd like that zero star cheap guesthouse in the north.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to stay?
Monday. Please give me their phone number , postcode and address|City Centre B&B sounds perfect for you. Their phone number is 01223312823, and their address is 328a histon road, postcode cb42ht. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Thank you. You have been quite helpful.|Thank you very much, enjoy your stay.
I would really like to go find places in the centre of town.|Sure, we have lots of places to go. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'm not sure. What's your favorite thing to do?|There is a park that is nice. It's called cambridge university botanic gardens, does that sound interesting to you?
Sounds great! Can I get their address and postcode?|The address for cambridge university botanic gardens is bateman street and postcode is cb21jf.
I also need a train going to broxbourne I need to leave after 13:00.|I have several trains going to Boxbourne. What day do you want to leave? Where are you leaving from?
I want to leave on Thursday from Cambridge.|I have train TR9033 that leaves at 14:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 15:01. Would that work for you?
That is all the information I need. Thank you.|Can I get you information on anything else?
No, you have been extremely helpful.  Thanks for everything.  Bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello! Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?|There are 15! Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
No just one that I can book for friday would be good.|What time would you like to book and for how many people?
16:00 on Friday please for 6 people.|zizzi cambridge is an italian restaurant in the centre, shall I book?
Yes, can I also get the reference number?|Your reference number is AZ5ZZKQ0.
Thank you, I also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to stansted airport|I can help you with that.  What is the date and time you need to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 Saturday.|I can get you on one at 8:40. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people.|I can book you on TR5580 which will leave cambridge at 08:40 and arrive at stansted airport b 09:08.  How many shall I book it for?
I would need 6 tickets please and the reference number.|The total fee is 48.48 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is  J1U2HA9U.
Thank you. That'll be all!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I need a train leaving Cambridge sometime after 13:15 please.|Where are you headed?
I'm going to Bishops Stortford.|rainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR2420	cambridge	london kings cross	friday	15:00	15:51	23.60 pounds	51 minutes	
TR6628	cambridge	london kings cross	friday	17:00	17:51	23.60 pounds	51 minutes	
TR1006	cambridge	london kings cross	friday	19:00	19:51	23.60 pounds	51 minutes	
TR3055	cambridge	london kings cross	friday	21:00	21:51	23.60 pounds	51 minutes	
TR9876	cambridge	london kings cross	friday	23:00	23:51	23.60 pounds	51 minutes	these are the available options
I'm a little overwhelmed by the information. I am actually leaving on Sunday, this seems to be Friday.|There s a train that departs at 15:00 arriving in london kings cross at 15:51. How does that sound?
I need to depart from Cambridge.|There is a train running from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Friday that leaves at 13:29. The train id is TR8585. Would you like me to book it for you?
No. I need the train to go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday and leaving after 13:15.|Alright, I have several options for you. The earliest train that meets your criteria is TR2402 and leaves at 13:29. Will that work?
That sounds great. Could I get the price please?|The price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that's it. Thank you.|Thanks for your help
I need a train to Cambridge please. I plan to leave out on Tuesday|Sure, no problem. Where are you heading in from?
I am leaving peterborough.|What time do you need to travel?
I need to leave after 14:15|TR9964 departs peterborough at 14:19, or there is also a later one that leaves at 14:48. Do either of these suit your needs?
Um, the one at 14:48 please. Could you book it for 6 people?|Your train is book it will cost 99 GBP and payable at station. Your reference number is 7ZNQOMB8. Anything else you may need?
Yes. I'm looking for a restaurant called Gourmet Burger Kitchen. Can you tell me the price range and area that's in?|I sure can. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is on the expensive side and it's located in the center area of town. Anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Great! What can I help you with?
I need help finding a place to stay.|I have many places in cambridge. Do you have a price range?
Actually, can we look for a train first? I need to be in Cambridge by 15:15 on Saturday.|Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Ely.|I get put you on the tr4698 and your arrival time will be 13:52, would you like a ticket?
No, could you just give me the price and the departure time please?|The departure time is 13:35, and price is 3.52 pounds.
I also need a hotel room.|What's your budget? could you like something cheap, moderate or expensive?
I don't care about the price. I just need it to be in the North part of town, and have a 4-star rating, please.|There are 8, I recommend home from home guesthouse. They are moderately priced and offer free parking and internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
I do not want a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. We do, however, have 2 hotels with a 2 star rating in that area. Will those do?
Is there a 3-star hotel or guesthouse in the north? The hotel doesn't need to include internet.|I'm sorry. There are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Lets go with a guesthouse than|Would you prefer a 4 or 3 star guesthouse? I'm sorry we don't have any hotels meeting your needs. The guesthouses are quality establishments though!
4 star please|I have 5 guesthouses that are 4 stars. Do you care which one I book?
No, whichever you choose will be fine. I'll just need it booked for 4 people, 4 nights, and starting on Saturday.|Arriving at Acorn Guest House on Saturday and staying for 4 nights with 4 guests. Your Reference number is : 152CAPO9.
Great, thank you!|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks.|excellent, have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north, do you need free parking or free internet?
Yes, I am looking for free parking.  Internet is not important.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. Also find me a Train departing from London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15.|London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15 the TR536 leaves at 8:00,Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to book a train from Norwich to Cambridge.|There are several what day and time would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Monday and arrive by 17:45.|Of course! I'd recommend the TR0192 train, which arrives by 17:35. Would that work for you?
Could I please get the price and the train ID?|The train id is TR0192  and the cost is 17.60
I also need a restaurant. Can you do that?|Yes. What type of resturant do you need?
fusion food would be ideal.|I'm sorry, there are no fusion restaurants in Cambridge.  Can I find a different type of cuisine for you?
Try chinese food instead.|We've got 17 Chinese restaurants. Is there a part of the city or a price range you had in mind?
Can we get a restaurant in the cheap price range. It will be for 5 people at 20:30, on the same day|I have 3 cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like me to try to book?
Pick your favorite and book it. We are a party of 5 and we'd like to eat late, like 20:30, on the same day as that train you found for me.|I was not able to book any of those 4 at 20:30, would you like to try an earlier time?
Could you try for 19:30 please?|That was successful. Your reference number is WM46ALL4
Thanks for all your help|Thank you for using our system!
Can I have the contact information for the Fitzbillies Restaurant.|Contact information for Fitzbillies Resaurant is telephone number 01223352500
thank you get for that. i will give them a call.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I am also looking for a train. I'd like to leave on monday, heading to cambridge.|There are over 202 trains that arrive in cambridge on monday. Might I help find the best train by asking where you wish to depart from?
I would like to depart from ely.|There are 10 trains going to Cambridge from Ely on Monday.  Is there a certain time you would like to depart by?
Yes, I'd like to depart any time after 21:45. Do any trains fit that time frame? If so, could I have the train ID, travel time, and when it will arrive?|There is one train leaving after 21:45 on monday. It is TR4724, leaving at 23:52 for a duration of 17 minutes, arriving at 23:52.
What would the price be for that train?|Correction I apologize TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives by 23:52. It's price is 4.40 pounds by the way. Let's find one leaving after 21:45.
Train TR4724 is fine. What is the travel time?|The travel time is 17 minutes. Will that be okay?
So TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives at 23:52 correct? If so that would be fine.|That is correct. How many tickets will you need?
I can go ahead and book on my own, thanks. Thank you for the info. That was all I needed for today.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I sure hope so. A friend recommended the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. What can you tell me about it?|It is a wonderful guesthouse located in the centre of town. It has a 4 star rating and offers both free parking and free internet. Would you like assistance booking?
That sounds like a great place! What's the address?|The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I will also need a train on Tuesday.|There are several for Tuesday. Did you have a particular departure and arrival times?
I need the train to depart from Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by 10:15.  I am open on departure time.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 11:45. I'm looking forward to a good lunch in Cambridge!|There is a train everday that arrives at 10:07
ok thank you, lets book that one|How many seats would you like to book on TR9178?
I would need seats for 5 people please.|I have you booked on TR2083 arriving in Cambridge at 10:07.  It will cost 50.5 payable at the station.  Reference EEBGS9FF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a good Italian eatery? I'd like it to be moderately priced, please.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town were you looking for?
The area doesn't matter. Please recommend a good place if you could. I need a table booked for 5 people at 16:45 on Tuesday.|My all time favorite italian food place is Prezzo. It is located in the west. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
yes, it'll be for the same group of people.|For what day and time is the reservation for 5?
Same day tuesday, lets try for 16:45, get a little ahead of the dinner crowd.|Your reference number for your reservation is 7E1MPES0 and they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I may assist you?
That is all, thank you very much|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I am looking to go to norwich.|I have many trains for you. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
The train should arrive by 21:30|TR7855 will arrive at 20:55 if that works for you
That sounds goo. Can you book for 4 people?|Your booking was successful. The total fee will be 70.4 GBP and your reference number is K82OYK3I. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant on the east side of town.|There are several to choose from. The Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves classic British fare, but is on the expensive side. Does that sound good or were you looking for something else?
Yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 16:30 on Wednesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: 57035G2J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help.|Enjoy your train ride and dinner!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the north. Could you suggest some places?|Milton Country Park is in the north and has free admission.
Can I get the phone number please?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yea I also need a train that goes to cambridge and should leave after 17:30.|What day will you be traveling, and where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|Is there a time you would liek to arrive by?
Arrival time does not matter, just leave after 17:30|How many people would you like to book?
I need to book for two people and I need the reference number.|I have a train leaving at 18:11. Will that do?
That would work.  Can you book that please?|You train has been booked. Total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 5PVB9XYJ.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for the help.  Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you assist me to find places in the centre part of town to go to?|Absolutely. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am studying to be an architect so something having to do with that would be great.|great saint mary's church is in the centre area. would you like some information about that choice?
I actually would like something in the south.|Okay there isn't any in the south.
How about a cinema in the south?|I'd recommend cineworld cinema. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I get the address and postcode please.|They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postcode cb17dy, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, thanks.  I also need a train; can you help me with that?|Where is your destination that your traveling to?
I will be traveling to cambridge from birmingham new street.|which day do you want to travel?
I would like to travel on Monday, please.|Okay, there are a lot of trains going to Cambridge on Monday.  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
it should arrive 09:45. get me the price|The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
That is all. thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I was wondering if you can help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?|fitzbillies restaurant is the centre of town, serves british food and is in the expensive price range.
Okay I would like to book a table for 7 people at 15:30 on Friday. Can I get the reference number please?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : RD9D3ZLR.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes please, I am also looking for a train that will take me to Peterborough from Cambridge.  Is there anything available?|What day and time are you planning on traveling?
I'm looking to leave after 12:00 on Saturday.|TR5711 will leave at 12:06 and arrive by 12:56. It will cost 13.20 pounds. Would you like to reserve seats?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I need to know how many tickets you will need please.
all seven in my party please.|Your booking on the TR5711 was successful. The reference number is 1DQZ1SD7. The total fee of 92.4 is payable at the station.
What is the travel time for that trip?|it is 50 mins travel times
that's perfect. I think this is all i need for now.|Okay, have a great day!
Are there any trains leaving from Cambridge on Thursday?|Yes there are. What is your destination?
I'm heading to Broxbourne.|We have trains leaving hourly from Cambridge to Broxbourne, starting at 5:01 for 17.90 pounds. What time would you like to leave?
I am looking for one that will arrive by 15:00|TR2125 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would also like the reference number for the booking please.|Okay, how many tickets would you like?
I need that for 6 people.|You have 6 tickets on TR125 leaving Thursday at 9:01.  Reference number is PPP9YI7K.  107.4 GBP will be payable at the station.  Can I help you further?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you very much for your help!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a particular hotel called the kirkwood house. Where is it, and what other information do you have about it?|the Kirkwood House is in the north and it sports a four star rating. It has internet and parking and the price range is moderate. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect. Can you reserve it for seven people?|Sure, I can book it for you.  What day did you want to arrive and for how many days?
5 nights starting Thursday.|You are booked for 7 people, 5 nights starting thursday. Your reference number is ZFREK5SQ. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a train to cambridge on thursday.|Where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Norwich and want to arrive by 13:00.|TR3078 departs at 11:16 and arrives by 12:35. Would you like a ticket?
not right now, what's the travel time on that ride?|The travel time of that train is 79 minutes.
thanks for your help you have been great!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
We want info about a particular attraction, Christ's college.|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street.  For additional information, the phone number is 01223334900.  It has free admission.
What area is that in?|It's right in the center of town.
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of food were you looking for?
What was Christ's College's address please?|Yes, Christ's College is on saint andrew's street. What type of food would you like to eat at the restaurant?
I'm sorry, I'm so confused and stressed from planning this trip. I do not need a restaurant, I need a train for Saturday.|Where are you departing from and where would you like to go?
I'm departing london liverpool street on Saturday and I want to be in Cambridge by 13:45.|Train #TR4330 leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you so much!|Thank you for calling. Please call back if there's anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.
I am looking for moderately-priced three-star guesthouse in Cambridge.|There are four guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you need internet or parking?
It doesn't need to have free parking and I don't care about the internet. Which guesthouse can accommodate for 3 people?|I have located one hotel matching your search criteria, the Alpha-Milton Guest House. The phone number is 01223311625. Would you like to make a reservation?
I would like to call them myself please. Thank you.|Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please. Can I actually have you book them? I need the reference number as well.|Sure. I will need to know how many people you would like to book it for, what day you would like and how many days you would like to stay.
I'll need the reservation for 3 people starting Saturday for 4 nights.|I have booked your stay at the alpha-milton guest house. The reference number is HS3MWJ10
Thank you, I will also need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Saturday. Is there anything available?|There are 38 trains from Peterborough to Cambridge on Saturday, all throughout the day. Can narrow down the time of day you wish to travel?
I wish to arrive before 12:45.|There are 14 trains arriving by that time. When would you like to leave?
Saturday from Peterborough to Cambridge for 3 people. I will need the reference number too please.|Right, Saturday, did you have a time you want to leave by? The trains leave every 30 minutes starting at 5:19
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as I arrive by 12:45.|TR5538 leaves at 11:48 and will arrive by 12:38. Would you like for me to book this train for you?
Yes, for the same group of 3 people from before.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is PR8JE3DU and total is 39.59 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I think that will be it, thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to find a train leaving after 21:30 from Cambridge.|I can look that up for you! What day will you be traveling on and where is your destination point?
I am leaving on Saturday and going to Birmingham New Street.|The first train after 21:30 on Saturday is the TR5413, leaving Cambridge at 22:01. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
That'll work. How much does that cost and how long does it take to get into Birmingham new street?|It takes about 163 minutes and it costs 60.08 pounds. I can help you book a seat on the train whenever you're ready
No, I will just buy my ticket at the station.  Thanks.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a lot to choose from. Can you give me more information to find the perfect place?
Is there anything in the city Centre that sells Afghan food?|I'm sorry but I am not finding any. Would you like me check for a different type of food?
Yeah, how about modern european?|There are 4 restaurants to choose from that serve modern european food. What price range would you rather: expensive, moderate or cheap?
Moderate would be fine, but any of them will do, as long as I can get in today, at 17:45.|I have de luca cucina and bar or riverside brasserie. Would you like reservations at one of these?
Sure, let's try de luca cucina. I want to reserve a table for 1 person on saturday at 17:45. I will need you to give me a reference number|Your reservation for a table for one at De Luca Cucina and Bar is all set for Saturday at 17:45. Reference# is 1W5J6F3G. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I needed, thank you. Good bye!|Your welcome. Keep us in mind if you need assistance in the future.
Hello, I am looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday.|Where will you be traveling to?
To Broxbourne.|I have 19 trains going to your destination. To help narrow down the search, can you tell me what time you want to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 17:30.|First train pulls out at 18:01. Can I get you tickets?
No thank you but can I get the Train ID and travel time for that?|Sure. It's train TR5484 and it has a duration of 60 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to find a hotel that is in the moderate price range in the centre.|I have just 1 hotel that fits your criteria. It is CityRoomz located in the centre of town. It has a 0 star rating. They offer free internet.
Thank you. I'd like to book a room for myself on friday, for four nights.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : JUIAKE8A.
Wonderful. Thank you for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.|Thank you, and please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Have a great day!
I need to leave london kings cross and arrive at cambridge by 11:00.|Do you have a day you want to travel on ?
I want to travel by train on Friday.|The TR5686 will have you in Cambridge at 10:08.
Great I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Your reservation on the TR5686 train for 6 was successful. Your Reference number is : FD35AIJM.
Great. Can you also tell me about the bedouin restaurant?|Sure, the Bedouin restaurant is located in the centre of town at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660. They serve african food. Is there anything else?
Yes, what is there postcode?|their post code is cb12bd.
Great, that is everything I need.  May your day be filled with awesomeness.|thanks have a great day
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.|There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?|The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks|Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.|I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.|I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.|Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book that for the same group of people.|I booked 3 people departing Norwich on train TR8899 at 14:16 Saturday and arriving in Cambridge at 15.35. The reference number is 8XF0PN0Q. The fee is 42.24 GDP. Anything else?
Thank you for arranging the lodging and transportation. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for an attraction called whale of a time.|Yes, Whale of a Time is entertainment located in the west on Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their phone number is 01954781018.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb238el
Great Thank you. I also need to look for a train departing from Ely to Cambridge on a Tuesday.|I can help with that.  What time did you need to travel?
I need to leave after 11:30 please.|The TR3412 leaves at 11:35, arriving at 11:52. Will that work?
Yes, that will work for me.|Would you like me to book this then?
Yes please book this train and give me the reference number.|How many tickets will you need?
I need 4 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MM13YYHP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you so much. That will be all today. Goodbye|Thank you and have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go on the south side of town.  Can you help me with that?|Sure. Would you like to go to a cinema, museum, nightclub, park, theater, or to see some entertainment?
Pick a place for me. I need the postcode.|There is a cinema Cineworld cinema with postcode cb17dy.
Actually, could you find me a park, instead?|Okay great! There's sheep's green and lammas land  park fen causeway or wandlebury country park. Both have free entrance fees.
That is perfect!  Can you give me the postcode for the sheep's green park?  That's in the south area right?|Sheep's Green is indeed in the south. The postcode is cb22ad.
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted airport on Thursday. The train should depart after 08:15. I also need the train ID and price.|Trian TR7924 leaves the station at 08:40. Price for 1 ticket is 10.1 GBP.
Okay that's all I needed, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I want a place to stay in the north of town.|Okay, any other preferences? We have plenty of options.
I would like something with a 2 star rating if possible.|We have ashley hotel on chesterton road or lovell lodge on milton. Would you like me to book one of those?
Bood ashley hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday.  What is the reference number please?|Yes your reference number is N9AC95R7. I hope you enjoy your stay.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me with that?|Of course. When would you like to leave by?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave after 21:15.
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should be on the same day as the hotel booking|I have train TR3736 leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 9:23.  Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave after 21:15. I also need it booked for two people.|How about train TR7324 that leaves at 21:40 and arrives by 24:23. Would you like to make reservations on that?
Yes please. I need tickets for 2 people.|Okay, booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3YS7IOSA. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all today.. Thanks. Goodbye|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need to find a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after 10:00 AM. Can you help?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what day do you want to travel?
I'm departing from Leicester and leaving on Monday.|I think the train that you need is TR0032.  It leaves at 10:09 on Monday morning.  Do you have any more questions?
I need to make a booking for two. How can I do that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : VXQS41EF. anything else today?
I need a moderate priced Jamican restaurant.|i recommend cotto..phone-01223302010
Do they serve Jamaican food and is it in the Centre?|no they serve british food and they are at the centre
How about Italian food?|i have 9 places that serve italian food in the centre. i highly recommend zizzi cambridge. they are cheap but the food is great.
I only need their postcode please.|Their postcode is cb21ab. Anything else I can do for you?
No. That's all I need. Thank you.|your welcome, have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|What area would you like to stay? And do you have a certain pricerange?
No, price range in mind, but I would like it to be in the centre.|alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place
What type of accommodation is this?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house, in the center, with a four star rating, Wi-Fi, and parking.
book for 7 people and 2 nights starting from thursday and get the reference number|Booking was successful. Your reference number is WW2TM0V8. Will that be all?
I am looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge|Where will you be going to?
I have a business meeting in Ely. I definitely need to be on time, so I need a train that will arrive by 19:45.|TR1469 has the latest arrival time of 18:07. Would you like for me to book it?
No thank you. I just need to find out how much it is going to cost.|The cost is 3.52 pounds.
I need a train to peterborough from cambridge on sunday.|There are many trains, beginning at 05:19, do you have a time preference?
I would like to leave after 18:15 please.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, thank you. I just need the train ID and price of the ticket.|Train TR6662 leaves at 18:19 and the price is 13.20 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks that is all I need. Thanks for the assistance.|thanks too for choosing us
Thank you and goodbye.|Glad I could help hope you have a great day.
Hello, I'm looking for a gueshouse on the northside.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north, do you need free parking or free internet?
Yes, I am looking for free parking.  Internet is not important.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Not particularly considered about price range, just as long as it's a 4 star hotel|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay book it for 2 people for 3 nights and let me have the reference number. Also find me a Train departing from London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15.|London liverpool street to arrive Cambridge by 08:15 the TR536 leaves at 8:00,Would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|Please let me know what time you would like to arrive or when you would like to depart.
I need to leave after 11:15 on Sunday.|Train TR0686 will work for you. Would you like me to book you passage?
Not yet.  What time will that arrive in Birmingham?|Train TR0686 will arrive at Birmingham New Street at 14:44.
Okay what is the price per ticket?|The price per ticket is 60.08 pounds, how many travelers will be requiring tickets?
No tickets yet. But I do need info on a swimming pool in the north. I you could recommend one?|Okay I have two to choose from. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. I'll also need the entrance fee, post code and address.|which one would you like jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool?
The outdoor pool please.|jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river, cb43px. Phone number is 01223302579. I'm afraid I don't have an entrance fee listed though.
That's okay. That will be it. Thanks for all your help!|thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that is all the help I need for today. Thanks again!|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Stevenage and arrives before 10:30. Is there anything like that available?|Yes, there are three trains per day that would work for you. When will you be traveling?
I am leaving Cambridge on Thursday.|The TR0552 arrives in Stevenage by 9:21 and costs 12.80 pounds.  Shall I book a ticket for you?
No, that is all the information I needed.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I really would like to go to an attraction in the east area. Something fun maybe?|I have ten places in that area, what type do you prefer?
No, surprise me! I would just like the entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode, please.|The Cambridge Artworks is a great museum in the east. They are at 5 Greens Road. They offer free admission. Their postcode is cb13ef. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks, that is everything.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need to find a train that will arrive cambridge by 13:45 on friday|sure, where are you departing from?
I'm departing from cambridge and want to go to birmingham new street|the tr7195 will get you there by 12:08 how many tickets please?
Well, first, what is the departure time, price and travel time?  It sounds like it will work.|Sorry, that was the TR6668, not TR7195, arrives by 12:44, duration of the trip is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thank you. Are there any expensive restaurants in the town centre?|There are a variety of options in that area. Is there a particular type of food that you would like?
Not really. Can I just have the postcode and phone number for your favorite place?|kymmoy is the best! their phone number is  01223311911 and postcode is cb12as
Great.  Thanks.  That is all.|Okay.  I hope you enjoy your stay!  Let us know if we can be of further help.
I need a cheap place to stay, what would you recommend?|I have about 10 different options. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
It doesn't matter.  I need free parking and prefer a place with 4 stars.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre of town, has 4 stars, is cheap, and has free parking and internet. Would this work for you?
Yes, this will work for me. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number.|Absolutely. The Address is: 56 saint barnabas road cb12de and I can give you the reference number after we book it.
What type of hotel is this?|It is a guesthouse.
And what type of hotel is that?|A guesthouse is a type of hotel, thus it is a guesthouse type.
I'd like some information on a train next.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Kings Lynn, and traveling to Cambridge.|There are many trains to your destination what time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by 16:45 and should leave on wednesday.|The TR2452 arrives in Cambridge leaves at 15:11 and arrives at 15.58. Would you like to book it?
No, thanks! How long is the travel time?|The travel time is 47 minutes and is 9.80 pounds. Can I give you more information about this train or book you a seat?
No thank you. That is all I need today.|Thank you and have a great trip.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what type of information?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre.|There are a lot of options, what types of places did you have in mind?
I'm looking for a museum in the centre of town|There are several but I would recommend Castle Galleries.
What is the entrance fee?|They offer free entrance. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to get a train on thursday departing cambridge.|Where will you go?
Oops, before we move on to the train, I forgot to ask - what is the address and postcode for Castle Galleries?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, postcode cb23bj.
Thank you. I also need a train for thursday.|I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to leave on Thursday and depart from Cambridge.  Arriving by 9:45 in Leicester.|Booking was successful,  train ID	TR5903 the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UQ3WNX7B.
find me the departure time please|it will leave at 05:21.
Okay. Thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for your help.|I am glad I can help enjoy !
Have a great day.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
hi am looking for a train leaving broxbourne at 11:00.|There are no trains leaving at exactly 11:00.  Is a train leaving Friday at 11:32 okay?
That should be fine, can you book that on thursday to cambridge?|Yes, I can. How many tickets do you require?
One ticket, please.|The price of the ticket is 17.90 pounds, shall I book it for you now?
Yes, please. I'm also looking a ticket to the Scott Polar Museum|Okay you're all set for your train ticket. Also the Scott Polar Museum is free! Would you like their address or phone number?
no, just the postcode|Sure, the postcode of the Scott Polar Museum is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all that I'm looking for. Thank you very much for the help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time!
Thank you so much for the assistance!|Excellent. I hope you have a great time!
I need to catch a train on Thursday, departing from Birmingham New Street.|Okay and what is your destination please?
I am travelling to Cambridge.|Please specify your choice of time for departure and arrival
I need to leave after 14:45.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I don't have an arrival preference.|I have the TR2148 that leaves at 15:40 for 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Sure thing, I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
You should have replied with the booking information.  Please book this now or get me a manager.|Booking was successful! The reference number is: Z8267UZK. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.|We have many fine options, but I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north. Moderately priced, but 4 stars!
That'll work. Please book it for 6 people for 5 nights. We'll check in on Thursday|The booking for The Acorn Guest House was successful. Your reference number is 0TLAGN37. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need a train from Ely to Cambridge please|Sure, when will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving after 19:00 on Monday. What are my options?|There are 3 trains that fit that search. They leave at 19:35, 21:35, and 23:35. Can I book one for you?
I will take the one that leaves at 19:35. Can you tell me how long the travel time is?|The travel time for that route is 17 minutes. Is there any other information you need?
Could you recommend a museum in the east?|There are four museums in the East, the Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at twelve a high street and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all Free. Cambridge Museum of Technology charges 5 pounds.
Can you give me the postcode of The Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks for your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day!
I need to get out of Cambridge quick! Can you find me a train for tomorrow, Tuesday?|I can help you. What is your destination?
I would like to arrive to Cambridge from Broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:45.|A train is leaving Broxbourne at 16:32, arriving Cambridge at 17:32. Shall I book a seat for you?
Yes. I actually need 3 seats|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is Y25Y52KM.
Can you find me a place to stay in the centre. I don't need internet.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any matches, would you like to try something else?
No thank you I will call back|Ok. Is there anything else you need? Information about attractions or a restaurant reservation perhaps?
Well, I do need a place to stay. How about one with free wifi in the centre of town?|Do you mind if it's a guest house? The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an inexpensive 4 star guesthouse offering both free wifi and free parking.
No, I really would like a hotel in the centre with free parking and it can have wifi.|All of the 4 star hotels in the area are expensive. Would you like me to drop the star rating for you, or are you okay with it being expensive?
If there are no hotels with free parking in the centre, how about one with free wifi?|The university arms hotel sounds perfect: hotel in the centre of town, expensive, 4 stars, with internet and parking. Can I book a reservation for you?
I guess that will work book for 2 please|OK. What day will you want to check in, and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday please. And I want to stay for one night.|OK, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That would be all. I appreciate your help. Take care. Bye.|Did you need a reference number or anything like that?
No thanks. I forgot I should wait to book until I am sure how many people we will have. Thanks though. Good night!|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the centre.|Sure thing! There is the Loch Fyne restaurant in that area that you may enjoy.  Would you like more information?
That sounds great. Can you book me a table there for 3 people?|They seem to be booked solid for the next week, which is all I can book for. Their phone number is 01223362433, if you would like to call for a reservation.
Is there any other restaurant that you could try for me before I call myself?|Is there a different cuisine you would be willing to try? Asian or Italian maybe?
As long as the seafood restaurant is in the centre I am fine with 18:00 and I need the reference number. I need a train arriving at Cambridge by 08:00.|What day will you be wanting to dine?
I'm dining on Saturday.|Loch fyne is a great seafood place. I have booked a table for you  and your reservation number is NDSUGZK9. Anything else?
I need to find a train leaving london kings cross on Saturday as well.|I can help you with that.  First, I need to confirm that the destination is Cambridge, and can you provide the desired timeframe for travel?
I would like to be in Cambridge by 08:00|I have found train TR2687, it will depart at 05:17 at arrive by 06:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you. What is the price for that train?|The price is 18.88 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
THe train booking is for the same day as my dinner reservation correct?|Yes of course. Anything else?
No thanks.  I may be back in touch though!|Feel free to get in touch if you need anything else. Enjoy your evening.
Thank you, good bye|Goodbye. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a Thursday departure for a train going to Cambridge.|To help you better with your travel plans, where are you planning on departing from?
I am looking to depart from Birmingham new street after 12:45|There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge at 13.40.
Great can I get the train ID, price, and arrival time for that one?|Sure! The Train ID is TR7509.  The price is 75.10 poinds.  It arrives by 16.23.  Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't need train booking. I do need to find a cheap Spanish restaurant, though.|La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the center of town. Do you need their address or perhaps I could make a reservation for you?
That's all I needed, thank you!|What day and time would like for me to book?
I'd like to book a table for 3 at 18:15 on Thursday. And if possible, I'd like a reference number.|I have booked that for you with the reference number D3QVNLWT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.|Your welcome.  Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.
Hello, I am looking for a train to leave on Monday after 12:45.|Can we narrow it down by choosing where you want to depart and arrive?
i need to leave after 12:45 on Monday|How about TR6110 that leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Thank you so much for your help.|How many people should I book for?
I don't need anything to be booked but I do need the train ID and the travel time.|TR6110 has a total travel time of 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you tell me about the Hotpot Restaurant?|It is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton
Can you please book me a table at the restaurant for 2 people?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I will need to know what day/time you'd like the reservation for.
Thanks! For 17:45 on Monday, please.|Reference number is : VQFAZJU3. What else may I help with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by 11:45?|Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.|I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you?
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?|That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel|There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.|Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?
I need a train to Cambridge, leaving after 17:00.|There are quite a few. What station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.|How about the TR2379 train? It leaves Norwich at 17:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:35.
Can you give me the price and travel time of TR2379, please?|TR2379 is 17.60 pounds per ticket, and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Great, please book that. I would also like to book a hotel, called Kirkwood house|Trains all booked for you and your reference number is ZLRL98VP. What nights would you need me to book at kirkwood house for you?
Can you book the hotel for 4 people starting Wednesday night for 4 nights?|Alright, I got your room at the Kirkwood booked. The reference number is: 90EPN6VX. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that looks good to me. You have a great day.|Thank you for using our service, have a wonderful day. If you need any assistance, feel free to contact us again.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge and arriving by 15:30?|There are no trains arriving at cambridge by 15:30. Is there another day or time you would prefer?
The train should depart from norwich and should leave on monday|Train TR3087 from Norwich to Cambridge arrives on Monday at 14:35. There are also eight earlier routes if you prefer. Would you like me to book any tickets?
how  much does it cost?|that will cost you 17.60 pounds.
How about a hotel room?|Sure, what type of hotel are you looking for today?
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with a 3 star rating.|I don't have any hotels in that area meeting those criteria. Could we change some of the criteria?
Yes try a different area.|There are some guesthouses available.  Would that work?
Yes, that would be fine.|How about the alpha-milton guest house in the north?
I think so. Does it have wifi and parking included?|The Alpah-Milton Guest House does not include internet or parking.
OK, well I do need a room someplace with internet and parking. I need a room for 3 people, 3 nights.|I could get you a room at the Hamilton Lodge. What day are you arriving?
Can you book that for 3 people for 3 nights the same day as the train?|Absolutely! I just need to know what day you will be getting there?
We will be arriving on Monday around 15:30.|I have booked the hotel. The reference number is V88NRWC6. Is there anything else I can do for you?
NO that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|Welcome, have a lovely day.
Hello, I need to book a roundtrip train ticket that will be going to Cambridge and then leaving on friday.|Okay, I have found over 2,000 trains going to Cambridge. To help narrow the selection, when do you want to depart and arrive?
I'd like to leave Norwich on Friday and arrive by 12:30.|There are 6 trains. The closest arrival is TR4045, which leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, but can you tell me the total travel time for that train?|It is a 79 minute trip.
Thank you I also am looking for the all saints church|The All Saints church is on Jesus lane in postcode cb58bs.
Okay, what is the entrance fee?  And what part of town was it in again?|It's in the centre region, and it's free to get in. Can I get you any more information?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|So happy I could be of service today. Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Hi there! I'm searching for a relatively cheap Portuguese restaurant here in Cambridge, do you have any recommendations?|The Nandos City Centre has some excellent food and is located in the centre of town if you are interested. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No, I would like a place that's in the south part of town. Is there one of those?|There is another Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town called Nandos, would you like a reservation there?
May I have the address and postcode of Nandos, please?|Certainly, Nando's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Can I book this for you, and if so how many people will be dining?
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge?|Sure, could you provide what destination you're looking for and which day you'd like to depart on?
I would like to depart on Monday and head to Birmingham.|I'm sorry, but my system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your train requirements? Thanks.
Actually, I need to leave from Cambridge Saturday after 09:45 and go to Birmingham New Street. May I have the arrival time, train ID, and price, please?|We have 14 entries that match your criteria. Do you have a preference there?
Could I have the arrival time, train ID and price for a train leaving as close to 0945 as possible|The TR7683 train leaves cambridge at 10:01 on saturday. It arrives at birmingham new street at 12:44 and the price is 60.08 pounds.
Okay thank you! That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I'd like to find an attraction to visit on the west side of town.|There are 13 options, any specific preferences?
Yes, I am looking for cinemas and museums.|There are no cinemas on the west side, but I have several museums. The Lynne Strover Gallery is a great place, and it's free to get in.
What train go there from Cambridge?|What day and time are you looking at?  I can help you find a train if I know that.
Can you give me the postcode to the museum and I will be traveling on tuesday.|The postcode is cb30aq. What time are you looking at?
I'd like to depart cambridge to arrive by 12:15 to stansted airport on tuesday.|Sure how many tickets please?
I actually don't want to book tickets today. I just need the train ID and the times it runs.|There are 7 trains available, the earliest one is TR1656, which leaves at 5:40, and arrives at Stansted Airport by 6:08. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you tell me the travel time for the TR1656?|Absolutely, it is 28 minutes.
thanks. i think thats take care of everything for me. thanks. bye.|Great, glad I could be of some assistance to you. Enjoy your trip, good day!
I need a train that is leaving on wednesday.|Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge by 17:15.  From the Kings Lane station.|Do you mean Kings Lynn station for your departure site?
Yes. I need to book tickets for 8 people.|Okay I successfully booked it. Reference number is : MGYR3882.
Thanks.  I am also looking for some Korean food in the north part of town.|What is your price preference?
I don't have a preference.  Pick one that you like?|unfortunately, there aren't any korean restaurants in that area.
Then can I do a search for one that serves Italian food instead?|how about da vinci pizzria?
That works, can I get an address?|Yes, it's located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need to book a table?
No thank you.  That was all I needed to know.  Thanks and goodbye.|Goodbye to you as well and have a nice stay!
Hello. I need help finding a train on Friday.|I can help you with that!  So that I can serve you better, can you tell me your departure and arrival locations?
I'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on Friday. I'm working, so I have to wait until after 11:45 to leave.|I show train TR4748 departing friday from cambridge at 13:17.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also give me the price?|The price for that train is 23.60 pounds.
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband|Wonderful! Thank you
Can you help me find a good hotel? I need one in the south.|I have found 1 hotel and 3 guesthouses in the South area that is available for you. Would you like for me to book one for you?
I need one with free wifi and parking, please.|Okay, I found three guesthouses and one hotel. Would you prefer a certain type?
The hotel please, thanks.|The Lensfield hotel is exactly what you are looking for. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thanks!|What day would you like to book the hotel and how long will your stay be?
On second thought I just wanted to find a hotel in the south area. Thanks so much for your help!|There is only one hotel in that area but it is expensive, shall I book it for you?
I am currently in Cambridge and I am looking for train departure times.|I have over 1,400 trains available. Where is your destination and what day would you like to depart?
I would like to go to Leicester this Friday.|There are currently 202 departures.  May I have a destination and what time you would like to arrive?
I am departing Cambridge on Friday going to leicester and want to arrive by 13:30.|TR8080 departs Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06 for 37.80 pounds.  Will this work for you?
Yes. I also need a place to stay on the south side of the town. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.|I have the Lensfield hotel that is in the southern part of town and in the expensive price range. Would you like a booking?
yes please. two adults and one child.|What day would you like your stay at The Lensfield Hotel to start and for how many days?
I need more information before booking. How many stars does The Lensfield hotel have? Does it include free wifi?|The Lensfield has a 3 star rating and does include free wifi. Is there anything else you need to know?
Thank you. Out of curiosity, is that a guesthouse or hotel?|It is a hotel.
Fantastic. Please provide me with the address and phone number.|The address for the Lensfield Hotel is 53-57 Lensfield Road. Their phone number is 01223355017. Can I assist you with booking a room at the Lensfield?
No, thank you. I can take care of that on my own. I think that's all I need for today!|Wonderful. Please feel free to contact us again in the future. Have a great day.
I'm looking for place to go in town in the east area.|Are searching for a restaurant or an attraction to visit?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the east.|In the east area, there are two museums. The Cambridge Artworks has free admission. The Cambridge Museum of Technology offers admission for five pounds.
What's the address and postcode of the Artworks? Also, I need to book a train leaving Thursday from Peterborough.|cambridge artworks address 5 greens road postcode, cb13ef. Do you have an arrival or departure preference for the train?
I need to leave after 15:45, and I'm going to Cambridge.|Alright TR2239 leaves Peterborough for Cambridge Thursday at 15:48. It arrives at 16:38. Would you like to book a ticket?
Could you just let me know what the travel time for that is?|Total travel time is 50 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thanks. You have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a train.|I'd be happy to help with your request.  What day will you be travelling and what is your destination?
I'll be heading to peterborough on thursday|these are the available options trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book
(optional)
TR7098	cambridge	peterborough	thursday	05:06	05:56	16.50 pounds	50 minutes	
TR4745	cambridge	peterborough	thursday	05:34	06:24	16.50 pounds	50 minutes	
TR9932	cambridge	peterborough	thursday	06:06	06:56	16.50 pounds	50 minutes	
TR8769	cambridge	peterborough	thursday	06:34	07:24	16.50 pounds	50 minutes	
TR6688	cambridge	peterborough	thursday	07:06	07:56	16.50 pounds	50 minutes
Thank you for your help|You're very welcome! Make sure to let us know if you'd like to book anything!
I want a train leaving from norwich.|There are several trains leaving Norwich, what day are you leaving and where are you going? I also need the time you want to leave or arrive.
I would like to leave after 14:30 and go to Cambridge, please.|Which day are you planning to travel?
I'm planning to leave on Thursday.|I have a 5:16 departure to Cambridge that arrives at 16:36. Would that do?
As long as you mean a 15:16 departure, I'll take 8 tickets, please.|Yes the departure time is 15:16. I booked you for 8 on Train ID TR8040.  The Reference number is : 1HY8AJ7Y.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. Preferably a 3 star one.|What area of town would you like? Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a preference for either, but I'd like it to be in the type of hotel. I'll also need free parking.|I have Gonville Hotel in centre area or The Lensfield hotel in the south area.  What is your preference?
The Gonville would be great, could you get me the phone number, price range, and postcode?|They are in the expensive range, located on gonville place, postal code cb11ly, they are reachable at 01223366611, may I assist with anything else?
No thank you for everything.|You are welcome. Have a good evening.
I need to find a college in town.|Do you have a preference as to which part of town the college is located?
I'd prefer somewhere in the west.|Churchill college is in the west part of town.
Can you tell me their address and postcode, please? And do they charge any entrance fee?|The address is storey's way postcode cb30ds.  Their phone number is 01223336233.  Entrance to the college is free.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for train schedules.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. What day are you traveling and what is your departure city and destination?
I'm leaving sunday from cambridge going towards london kings cross.|I have 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to london kings cross.  What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday.|Ok, great!  I have train TR7423 departing cambridge at 05:00 and arriving at london kings cross 05:51 on Sunday.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get six tickets and a reference number once it's booked?|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 2VRW842P.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No,thank you very much.|Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a decent place to dine in Cambridge please.|What type of cuisine are you interested in?
how about canapes food?|Sorry, we don't have any places serving canapes food. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you please try for Italian ?|We have 15 italian places Cambridge, do you have and needs as far as area and pricing?
Lets try for a moderately priced place in the centre.|We have a great place on Regent Street City Centre called Pizza Express that you are sure to love.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No thanks. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number for this restaurant please.|Their phone number is 01223324033 and address is Regent Street City Centre.  Was there anyting else I could help you with?
I would like to book a train to ely, from cambridge.|Which day would you like to leave?
i want to leave on friday|There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure time or arrival time in mind?
The train should leave after 11:15. Thanks|Train TR0767 leaves Cambridge at 11:50 and arrives at ely at 12:07. The fare is 4.40 pounds. The travel time is 17 minutes. Do you want me to book this?
no thats all the information i needed. thanks|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need some help finding a place in Centre to eat, can you look it up for me?|There are a variety of restaurants to chose from.  Would you like Indian, Chinese, British, International fare or a Gastropub?
We would like to try a Portuguese place. Is there one available?|Oh you're in luck. I have one in the center called Nandos City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Please reserve for 2 people on Tuesday at 15:15.|That booking was successful and your reference number is JM0RL39I.
Thank you.  I would also like a train leaving on Saturday going to Kings Lynn.|Okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Well, I have great news. There are several trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Would you like to book tickets for you and how many?
Yes please book 2 tickets.|Let's try and narrow this down some. What time do you want to depart or what time do you want to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 20:45|For how many people?
There will be 2 people.|Would train TR6633 arrving at 21:58 work?
Yes. I'd like to book that for two. Could I get the reference number please?|It has been booked. Your reference number is 1J07UJKY.
Thank for the help, goodbye!|Have a safe trip.
I need to find a train that goes to London Kings Cross from Cambridge please.|What day would you like to travel and when would you want to leave?
I need to leave on Thursday after 17:30.|The earliest departure I have for Thursday from cambridge to london kings cross leaves at 19:00.  Will this suit you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book me for five people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is Z5QW0890. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like help in locating a place to go in town. A college in the east part of town.|There are no colleges in the east area of town. Would you like to check a different area or different type of attraction?
Yes, are there any museums in the east area?|4 museums located in the east area. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Do any interest you?
Yes could I have the address, telephone number and postcode of the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|They are located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane cb58ld phone number 01223368650
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Have a great day.
I am looking for a train departing ely and should arrive by 16:45.|I can help with that! There are a total of 42 trains departing from Ely. What is your destination so I can narrow this down for you?
I would like to go to cambridge on thursday|What time you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I'm there by 16:45.|There are 6 trains leaving that will get you there by 16:45, the closest TR3240 arriving at 15:52. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,  please make me a reservation for two people on TR3240 arriving at 15:52.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T4I7L6BG. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a expensive restaurant in the north.|Sure, do you have a food preference?  I see Chinese, French, European and Asian Oriental.
Choose your favorite. I do need an address and post code, please.|How about The Hotpot? It is located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the postal code is cb41ep.
The Hotpot sounds great! Can you please make a reservation for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm?|Sure! Your reservation at the hotpot for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm is successful. Would you like a reference number?
Yes please, thank you for your help.  The reference number will come in handy.|I'm sorry at the moment I can not obtain that for you.
Alright, thank you, I think that will be all for today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Again, thanks for all of your help today.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
Yes, I am planning a trip and could use some information on attractions.|I can help you with that! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I am looking for Holy Trinity Church.|Would you like the address?
Yes, I would- what area is that in also?  I'm needing a train from Steveanage to Cambridge.  Can you help?|It is in the Centre. Market street, postcode cb23nz.
Thanks.  The train to Cambridge should arrive by 15:30 on Sunday.|I have train TR1542 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43 cost is 10.24 pounds. would you like reservations?
Yes please. I need the price also|The price is 10.24 pounds.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book me on that train.|for how many people ?
No thanks. I'm actually not booking at this time. Thanks for your help. goodbye|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|That sounds great. Did you need a hotel, train or restaurant while in the area?
No, I'm looking info on saint barnabas press gallery.|Saint barnabas press gallery is a very nice museum in the east. What information can I provide?
May I have their phone number?|Of course! Their phone number is 01223902116. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need information on a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Thursday.|Ok, I am getting the information up now, do you have a time in mind?
I'd like to get there by 14:30.|You have five options for a train that will get you to Cambridge by 14:30.  Do you have a preference on what time to leave?
No, any available train would be fine. I will need four tickets, please.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?|What area of town would you prefer?
I would like to stay in the north. Wi-fi and at least four star reviews are also important.|That narrowed it down a bit. Do you have a preference on the price range? or the type of accommodation?
Not really, no. Can you give me the phone number for your favorite place?|Acorn guest house , the phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks, I also need to train form broxbourne to cambridge on sunday.|What time would you like to depart?
Depart does not matter but I need it to arrive by 12:45.|I have train TR6774 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:32. Will that work for you?
Sounds like it.  What is that travel time exactly?|60 minutes is the length of the train ride
Thanks. That's all I need. Good-bye.|Thanks and enjoy !
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.|I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking?|In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.|Will you be leaving from Cambridge.
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave around?
I need to find a train that goes to stevenage and arrives by 17:30.|Will you be departing from cambridge?
Yes, I will be departing from Cambridge. I also need to leave on Tuesday.|Sure I have a train arriving at 14:10 on a Tuesday. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please. May I have the departure time, train id, and price?|TR0743 is leaving cambridge at 13:21 and the cost is 12.80 pounds, how many tickets will you need?
I just need to know how long the travel time it.|The travel time is 49 minutes.
I would also like to find an expensive guesthouse.|I don't have any guesthouses listed in that price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range possibly?
Sure check moderate for me.|Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It's a moderately priced, 4-star guesthouse in the north area.
Sounds great, can you please book me for 5 people and 4 nights starting on friday?|Okay, I made you a reservation at the Acorn Guest House. Check in is Friday for a party of 5 and your reference is CGDK1YT1. Will that be all today?
Great.  That is all.|Ok! Have a great day!
Are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please?|There are two hotels available: the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more information on them?
Does either one have a star of 4?|University Arms Hotel is rated 4 stars. Would you like reservation?
Do they have internet and if so what is the address there?|They do have free wifi. They are located on regent street.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to london liverpool street?|I have 70 trains.  What day and time are you wanting to travel?
Um, Sunday but after 11:15|okay how many tickets please?
3 people, please. And if I can also get the reference number.|I have booked 3 tickets on the TR9025 train leaving at 11:59. Your Reference number is : 9JASQYBJ.
Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
List all thursday train times heading to cambridge.|There are 202 entries, can you please be more specific?
Okay, I guess that would be quite a lot of typing. How about this: I need a train leaving from Leicester sometime after 21:45 on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
Anytime after 21:45 is good.|I have train TR8149 leaving at 22:09,is that okay?
That is fine. Can you give me the price and travel time, please?|It is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes. Do you need anything else?
Hello, I am looking for places to go in the north.|Certainly! We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat in the North. What are you most interested in?
The boat sounds like it will be fun. Do you have the phone number handy?|Yes, it's the Riverboat Georgina and the number is 01223902091.
Great can I also get a train on sunday that'll go to cambridge|Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to depart from Ely after 11:00 please|TR6517 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52.
Perfect. I need 3 tickets. please provide the reference number|Your reference number is: JIR61XGY.  The total fee is 10.56 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome, have a good day.
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|We have quite a few options available to you, where are you heading to?
I need to arrive by 21:30 and go to London Liverpool street.|TR9732 departs Cambridge at 19:59 and arrives London Liverpool Street by 21:27. Would you like for me to book that?
Yes, for six people, please. I will need a reference number, as well.|I have completed the booking. The total fee is 79.67 GBP and your reference number is 58YNZ8EQ.
I also need a place to stay.  I would like a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking.|There are 2 expensive hotels and 3 moderate price guesthouses meeting your needs. Does the area matter to you? Or the type of lodging?
I'm just looking for now. Can you recommend a hotel?|Okay the gonville hotel looks good, it's in the city centre. Would you like a booking?
I want to confirm with you that the gonville does not need to include internet.|The Gonville does include the internet.  Is that alright?
Yes, and thank you kind person for helping me!|Shall I book you a room then?
Yes, can I get the address please?|The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.  I appreciate the help today.|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful visit!
Goodbye!|Goodbye and have a safe trip!
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a guesthouse in Cambridge.|Shouldn't be an issue. Any further preferences?
Yes, I would like a 4 star guesthouse that is moderately priced with wifi included.|I have about 11 different gueshouses that fit what you are looking for. Can you tell me the preferred area you wish to stay in to help narrow it down?
I don't care about the area so much, I just need free wifi and to know whether they have free parking.|Sure, how about acorn guest house they are moderate prices and have free parking and wifi?
How many star does it have?|Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse, moderately priced in the north, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. But I do need information on a train  from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday leaving after 12:00 noon.|I have a train leaving at 12:09 and then every hour after up to 23:09. Do you have a preference?
Can you give me the price for the train leaving at 12:09?|Yes, it's 30.24 pounds.
Ok, and what was the address of the Acorn Guest House?|The acorn guest house is at 154 chesterton road. Anything else I can get you today?
I also need a train leaving sunday after 12:00|Ok, I have booked a train for you leaving Leicester destined for Cambridge on Sunday at 12:09 arriving by 13:54. Your reference number is R9Q27A3Z.  Have a pleasant day.
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.|I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave after 20:15.|At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes.
I would like to making a booking for one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you help with info on places to stay?|Yes, I can help with that.  What are your preferences of area, price range, and type of accommodation?
I would like a really nice place because I'm celebrating my 10 year anniversary.  Something cozy and romantic.|That sounds great, I want to find you the perfect place!   Is pricing a factor, do you have a part of the city in mind?
Price is no concern for me. I need it booked for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Tuesday please.|I need more information please. What area of town?
I don't need a specific area. What do you recommend?|The allenbell in the east is a cheap hotel with 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?|Allenbell does indeed have wifi. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. I'm celebrating my anniversary with myself, so I need a room for 1 starting Tuesday for 4 nights.|Booking was a success! Your reference number is: XJGR0GCN.
I would like a train going to cambridge from leicester in the morning.  Can you book a seat for me and let me know the reservation number?|There are trains that leave at 9 minutes past the hour, every hour, all morning. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 10 am please on a Tuesday.|How about train 4734?  It arrives in cambridge at 09:54.
Sounds good. I need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : MRTSNQMU.
I'm also looking for a cinema to visit?|There are two- one in the south and one in the centre. Which would you like to visit?
I would like the cinema in the south please. I need the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode.|Cineworld Cinema is located in postcode cb17dy.  The phone number is 00872208000 and you'll have to call them directly for entrance fee information.
Thank you so much for the information.  I will call them.  Have a good day.|Anytime, happy to help.
Yeah you are very welcome.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train leaving from cambridge and going to norwich.|The next train leaving from Cambridge to Norwich is on Friday at 5:36 and will reach it's destination at 6:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thatnk you but may I have the train ID?|Yes the train ID for this journey is TR2534 and the length of the journey will be 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I actually need one leaving on Saturday at that time.|Okay, train: TR6866 leaves at that time on Saturday.  Did you want to book a ticket?
No thanks. I need information on an attraction  called williams art and antiques|Williams art and antiques located at gwdir street, no. 5 dale's brewery the entrance fee is free.
What type of attraction is it?|It is a museum. And there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi! I am looking for a train to Cambridge that leaves after 21:15.|TR1581 leaves at 21:17
Great! Can you please boo that for me?|Of course. I reserved 1 seat. The reference number is 87ZNT2V8.
Actually, I would need 2 tickets for that train.|Okay. No problem. Your new booking and reservation number is  Y004877A.
Fantastic.  Can I also get information about Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is a college on the wet end. Would you like further information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee for Clare Hall?|Clare Hall has no entrance fee and is free! Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you. Bye.|Have a good day!
What trains are available going to Stevenage on Wednesday?|There are a total of 10 trains traveling to Stevenage on Wednesday. Is there a particular departure location you are interested in?
Yes, from Cambridge and it should leave after 15:45 if possible.|There are trains every other hour on the :21. Would you like tickets for the 17:21 train?
Okay, for 6 people, please.|Your booking was successful for the TR1165, reference number RLC6RDDL. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like a place to dine. I want it to be latin american and cheap.|There are no cheap Latin American restaurants nearby. Would you be interested in a different type of cuisine?
How about a place that serves asian oriental food?|There are two asian oriental restaurants in your price range in the centre, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which would you prefer?
I think I'll go with Dojo Nooodle Bar. What is the address?|Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Their postcode is cb21rq.
Great, thank you!|Of course! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you very much for your help.|Thank you for using our system.
Please help me look for a train that leaves on Friday and arrives at its destination by 1:15 PM.|Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Thank you. And where are you headed to?
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 6 people.I need the the reference number|Great. The TR2557 arrives by 12:55, so I have booked it for 6 people. Your reference number is X56LPMKM. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves south african food.|I am sorry I have no listings for that type of food any other types I can look up?
Could you check the city center for me?|I don't have any South African restaurants at any price range anywhere in the city. Would you like to try a different type?
How about indian?|May I suggest Curry Garden. It is in the expensive price range and in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please and a confirmation number too|When will you be dining and how many guests?
I don't need a booking quite yet, could you get me the postcode?|Sure thing the postcode is cb21dp. Anything else I can do for you?
that is it for today thank you very much|No problem, thank you for choosing Cambridge Towne Info Centre. Have a great day!
Hi I'd like to book a taxi|Do you mean book a train?
I would like to book a table for 3 at The Lucky Star on Monday at 12:00.|This particular time is not available, do you have an alternative time or restaurant you'd like to try?
Could you try Monday at 11:00?|The booking was successful your reference number is R7NXAOR7
Great! I do need a train, too. I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive at my destination by 9:45.|There are many results leaving from Cambridge, where is your destination?
The train should go to london liverpool street|Alright, what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling Tuesday.|ok i have one train that will get you there by 9.27 would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes please book for 3 people, I also need a reference number.|I have 3 tickets booked for you, the reference number is DRKY3X21.
Thank you so much for your help today.  I greatly appreciate it.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking for a train to get me there. Can you help me find one please?|We have many trains to cambridge, where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge and I would like to go to london kings cross. I would like my train to arrive by 09:15 and leave on friday.|The TR8026 arrives in London Kings Cross by 07:51, can I book a ticket for you?
Yes please book a round trip ticket for 10 people.|Okay, the train is booked.  The fee is 236 GPB and the reference number is EM9QISG0. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I have many hotels that fit those needs, is there a certain area of town you wanted me to book you near?
It does not matter but I would like it to have a star rating of 0.|There are no hotels that fit that criteria. Would you like me to look for another star rating?
What about a guesthouse?|There are 2 choices. City Centre North B and B and El Shaddai. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the price range of those hotels?|Both guesthouses are in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book one?
Not at this time. Thank you for all the information. I'm all set. Good bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye
I want to find a hotel to stay at that has free wifi and is moderately priced. Can you help?|Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be on the east side.  The hotel should have a 4 star rating please.|There are 3 guesthouses that meet your needs. 2 of them have free parking along with the Internet, and one does not. Carolina Bed and Breakfast is very nice.
Ok, Carolina B&B it is. Can you book me a room for 1 person staying 5 nights on Sunday please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is BCT54NA8. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a train. Can you help me?|Definitely.  When were you wanting to travel?
I need it to go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.|Im getting the info up now, what date and time?
I'd like to arrive by 13:45 on sunday.|The TR8285 arrives by 12:54. Would you like me to book this one?
I don't need a ticket just yet. Can you tell me the total cost per ticket, though?|All available tickets cost 30.24 pounds each. What else can I do for you?
That will be all for the day, thank you.|Enjoy your trip.
I hope to.  Thanks again.  Bye.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has free parking.|There are quite a few hotels with free parking! Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I am planning my trip to Cambridge. I am looking for a cheap place to stay the hotel should be in the cheap price range and I want the hotel to be in the type of a guesthouse.|There are a few guesthouses available.  What area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter to me, but I would like it to have free parking. Tell me about your favorite?|allenbell is by far my favorite with free parking.
Great, can you book a room for Thursday?  I will be alone and need to stay for 3 nights.|Hmmm, it looks like I can't book that right now, would you like to shorten your stay, or tray another day?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is HRAL8TCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes.  I need a train that leaves Cambridge and goes to Bishops Stortford.|What day would you like to travel? And do you have a preference for time of day?
I'd like to travel on Saturday and arrive by 19:30.|Train TR0969 will arrive by 18:07 would you like me to book it?
I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.|I found 33 hotels that fit your needs. Please tell me what area you would like the hotel in so i can book your reservations.
Let's try narrowing it down in the north then.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is available would you like to try that?
Yes, please, it's for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Monday. If you can get it, I need the reference number, please.|The reference number is 1U3X2SUQ, I have successfully booked your room as well.
Thank you so much, I also need a train frm Cambridge to bishops stortford, after 21:45|No problem, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving Friday, thanks.|The last train that goes to Bishops Stortford is TR5965 and it leaves at 19:29.  Would you like to look at Saturday morning or is this time okay?
This time is okay.|I booked that for you. Your reference number is H9D7U834.
What time will the train arrive, please? And what's the price?|It will arrive by 20:07 and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thanks. That will be fine. Can I get a train ID?|Of course, the Train ID is TR5965.
That's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
I would like to find a train leaving from Peterborough.|There are many!  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.|The entries have now been narrowed down to 38. Where will you be departing and at what time do you want to leave?
Two people going to cambridge. We'd like to arrive by 12:45. Please book 2 seats and give the refernce number.|TR6691 leaves peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in cambridge at 12:38. Your total for 2 ticketsis 33GBP, payable at the station, and the confirmation is 5W98EJ2Y. Is there anything else?
Actually, I could use some help finding a theatre to visit in town while I am there.|Okay would you like a specific area?
Yes, I'd like a place in the center of town, please.|There are four theatres in the centre that you could visit.
Which one would you recommend?|the cambridge corn exchange	is one of our most popular theatre. Would you like any more information?
Sure- what is the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|The phone number is 01223357851.
And, what is the postcode and entrance fee, please?|I'm sorry, the postcode is cb23qe, but the entrance fee is not listed online.  You would have to call them at 01223357851.
Okay thank you, thats all i need for now.|Please let us know if there is any way we can help you in the future. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I'm are looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on saturday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Norwich.|What tie would you like to leave Norwich?
I would like to leave after 14:30 .|I have several trains. How would TR1156 work for you, it leaves at 15:16 arriving at 16:35?
Yes. That works. I need 3 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 1MI35913.
Great, thank you for your help!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?|Actually, I think that it's me who should be looking entertainment up for YOU! There are 5 entertainment venues around the city. What part of town would you like to visit?
I'd like a type of entertainment in the south, please.|I have two options for you. Both are in the south part of town. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Do you have a preference?
Give me the address and postcode for Tenpin please.|cambridge leisure park, clifton way is the address. cb17dy is the postcode
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|What day do you need it for? When do you want to depart by?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday sometime after 09:00.|TR0635 leaves at 09:29. Would you like for me to book a seat?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets please.|I have booked your tickets to Cambridge for 8 people on tuesday at 11:29. Reference number: SEDKQ1LD,  fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else?
That'll do it. Thank you very much!|Enjoy your trip!
Have a nice day!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
I am trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday from London Kings Cross.|There are several trains that match your criteria. please specify your destination and desired departure time.
I am wanting to go to Cambridge and leave anytime after 13:30.|We have the train TR7931 that leaves at 15:17. Does that work?
I want to make a booking for 4 people|You are successfully booked for 4 tickets on Train TR7931. The total fee is 75.52 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is : E72IOZ6V.
Thanks I'm also looking for a moderately priced lebanese restaurant.|There is one lebanese restaurant, Ali Baba in the centre of town, would you like to book that?
I would like to get the phone number for that please.|Sure! The phone number is 01 462 432565. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Nah, I'll call and do that on my own. I think I'm all set. Thanks for your help!|Not a problem. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you I will appreciate your help|You're too kind. Have a nice day!
You too! Take Care.|Thank you for using our service.
Hello. I'm leaving the city on Wednesday and need to find a train, but it must be after 13:00. Can you help me book a ticket?|There are over 100 different trains available, what destination do you have in mind?
I would like to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.|there is a train at 13:59 that arrives by 1527
That sounds perfect.  Can you book 7 seats for me?|I was able to book the seats, reference number is 6KIWFNOU.
I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the area of west.|Would you be interested in british, indian, or italian?
It doesn't matter.|There is Prezzo which is an italian restaurant. would you like me to make a reservation?
Sure, for the same group of people on the same day at 20:00.|I have you booked for 7 people on Wednesday at 20:00 at Prezzo.
I also need the reference number.|I apologize. Your reference number is  I0V2JZIC. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.|Welcome. Have a lovely day.
Hi there, I'm in the centre of town and I'm bored. Can you tell me about what sorts of things to do there are around here?|There are museums, concert hall, cinema, and boating. What kind of attraction do you find interesting?
Could I have the addresses and postcodes for all of them please?|I can give you that information once we narrow down your interest to a few locations.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend?|I would recommend architecture and there are many places to visit and see great architecture.
Can I get the postcode, address of a great architecture place to visit please?|I would recommend old schools, located on trinity lane, post code cb21tt.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train. I'll be departing from broxbourne on friday.|Okay, I have 19 trains leaving Broxbourne on Friday. Do you have a specific location you're wanting to go to?
Yes, my destination is cambridge.  I need to get there by 15:45.|I have train TR2144 that departs at 14:32 and arrives by 15:32. Would that work for you?
What is the price?|It's 17.90 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book that train?
Yes I would like to book that ticket for Friday please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 458XMYMR.
Thank you, that't all I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a good day.
Thanks again for all your help. Goodbye.|Thank you you too
Am looking for a train,it should go to stansted airport and should leave after 13:30|I'd love to help. Where are you departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on friday.|How does train TR1090 that leaves at 13:40 sound?
That sounds like an excellent choice! Thank you for the help!|welcome. at your service next time
Can you make a booking for me?|Your train leaving at 13:40 from Cambridge going to Stansted airport has been booked.  Your reference number is 39OY8NLR. The total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station.
I just need to verify that that booking is for 4 people. If not, can you change it?|I have you for for, reference is X06J64WK. What else may I do?
I think we have taken care of everything. Thank you so much for your time!|You're very welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge that leaves after 10:30?|I sure can!  The TR1502 leaves at 11:00. Would that work?
I am looking to travel Sunday going to Stevenage. Does that train travel on that day?|That train does not travel on Sunday, but TR8464 leaves at 11:21 if that will work for you. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that will work for me.  Can you please make a booking for 7 people?|Yes,I will book it for 7,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Well yeah, I would need the reference number if you booked it?|The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DSIQUE20
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the south area of town. It needs to be a hotel. Can you recommend any?|I recommend the Lensfield Hotel.  It is 3 stars.  Would you like to make a booking.
Just give me the postcode please and tell me if they offer parking|The hotel does offer parking and the postcode is cb21en.
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
What is the best cinema in Cambridge you can recommend?|Cineworld and Vue are both excellent. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
The exact area does not matter.|Cineworld is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Sounds great. What area is that in? And could you get me the phone number?|Cineworld is in the South and their number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes! I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. You need this info.|Alright and when would you want to leave by?
I am going to birmingham new street and want to leave after 21:00|TR5600 leaves at 21:01.  Can I book a seat for you?
How much is it?|The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
What time does that train arrive?|The train arrives at 23:44.
Okay, I'm all done for today. Thanks, bye|Would you like reservations for the train?
I am looking for places to go, preferably a college.|christ's college is in the center of town and free to enter.
Can you provide me with the area, phone number and address of Christ's College please?|Christ's College is located in the centre of cambridge in postal code, cb23bu. It is on saint andrew's street. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would also like too book a train to Stevenage, I would like for it to arrive by 19:15.|Where would you like to depart from, and what day?
I'm departing from cambridge on friday.|TR0217 departs cambridge at 17:21 on friday and arrives at stevenage at 18:10. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Yes that sounds like it will work for us, please book me 7 tickets and provide a reference number.|Great! You're booked with reference number 826WFFTU. The total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That is all I need right now. Thank you for all of your help!|Great!  Well, thanks for calling! You have a good day!
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant.|Do you have a location preference?
The Centre would be convenient.|The gandhi is a good option.
That sounds like it would be nice.  I'd like to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on Saturday, please.|You reservation is all set! In case you need it, your reference number is R1YHRK12.
I am also looking for a train that should depart from kings lynn and should arrive by 10:15.|I'm sure we can find something that will work for you. What day will you be traveling on?
Saturday departiung from kings lynn and arrive cambridge same day as restaurant booking|What day was the restaurant booking again?
The restaurant booking was for Saturday, which is the same day that I would like the train booking to be made for.|I have train TR3297 that leaves at 09:11 and will get you into Cambridge at 09:58. Would that work for you? If not, I have earlier trains.
That sounds great! Can you book tickets for everyone on that train? Same group that will be eating together.|I was able to get the tickets the cost is 39.20 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 9S4OXYQ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's all I need today. Thank you.|Happy to help. Have a good night.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! How can I help you plan your trip?
I am looking for a place to stay in the north while I'm there.|There are 13 places to stay in the north and all but 2 are guesthouses. Which is your preference? What is your pricerange?
I would prefer a hotel that is nice but in the cheaper price range.|There aren't any hotels, but there is a guesthouse with 4 stars. It's called the Worth House. Would you like more information?
Sure, could you give me their name and postcode?|The Worth House is in postcode cb41da. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|I can, what are your arrival details?
I do not need to book it. I need a train to depart from leicester.|What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Thursday.|Ok, there are many trains leaving leicester on thursday. Where will you be traveling to and what time would you like to arrive by?
I need to leave for Cambridge after 13:45.  Don't let me forget to back track and check on another place to stay please.|I have the 14:09 train leaving from Leicester. Would you like me to book that for you?
Before you book it, I need the price and I need the approximate travel time.|Sure.  The trip itself is approximately 105 minutes.  It costs 37.80 pounds.  Would you like to book a train?
Yes book 2 seats please and I'll need the train ID. Also book the Worth House guesthouse for 3 people and 4 nights. And give me the reference number please.|Okay. I have booked you 2 tickets on the TR2361. The total fee of 75.59 is payable at the station. The reference number is 5VFA0ZBS.
No thank you that will be all|Have a great trip! Enjoy your day.
Thank you so much!|You are quite welcome, we are happy to help. Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse that's in the expensive range.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Do you want me to check hotels or a different price range for a guesthouse?
I need the place I'd like to stay to also include wifi, is there anything?|A and B guest house looks like it is in the moderate price range with internet, would that work for you?
I'd prefer a cheap guesthouse instead (that still offers WiFi).|Allenbell looks like a good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I would like to book a room starting Wednesday for 5 people, 2 nights.|I have booked you into the Allenbell on Wednesday for 2 nights with accommodations for 5 people.  Your reference number is AJSQZY8R.
I also am looking for a train.|Ok, would you please give me some information? What day and time are you traveling? Where are you going?
I will be travelling from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday  and need to leave after.|There are 10 trains that day starting at 05:35 and then every 2 hours. What time do you want to leave and how many tickets would you like to book?
I'd like to leave after 16:30, please.|TR8610 leaves at 17:35. Can I help you book? If so, how many tickets do you need?
Thank you, I will not need the booking quite yet but I would like to have the price of the train as well please.|Not a problem, the train tickets cost 4.40 pounds each.  Can I assist you with anything else,
And what time does the train arrive?|It arrives by 17:52. Would you like me to book it?
No thank you.  That's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am planning to visit cambridge and would like a train leaving on thursday.|No problem. Which station will you be departing from?
Stansted airport. Also, if I could arrive by 11:00 that would be great.|Train TR0031 departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52.  Would this be ok?
Sounds great!  Can I get tickets for 3 people?|I've booked you 3 tickets. Your total is 30.29 pounds and the reference number is 51M2VN7D.
Great. I am also looking for colleges to visit in the west.|There are 5 colleges there. Churchill college, Clare College, Clare Hall, Magdalene College and Queens' College
Can I get more information on the first one?|Churchill College is on Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and phone number is 01223336233. It's free to get in. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you so much for your help!  Goodbye.|You're so welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay and it doesn't need free parking , but I would like it to be cheap.|There are lots of accommodations in the cheaper price range, but they do all offer free parking. Also, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be in?
Yes, the east part of town.|How about autumn house?
As long as it has free parking, we are good to go!|Great, would you like for me to set up a booking?
Yes and can I get a postcode?|The postal code is cb58rs. What day would you like to book the room for and the legnth of stay?
I am not sure on the day yet, However am looking for a train to goes to Broxbourne.|Sure, there are many leaving from Cambridge.  What day and time are you looking for?
I would like to leave on wednesday and arrive by 20:00.|TR1148 leaves Cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in broxbourne 19:01. It is the last train on Wednesday. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, for six people, please. And I'd like the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8YRZZYEZ.
Thank you, that is everything that I need.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?|sure, i have six you can choose from
Do you have one in the north with free wifi?|hamilton lodge	is in the north and has free wifi. Want me to book?
Is Hamilton Lodge a hotel or guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 6 people?|Absolutely! What day were you needing to stay?
I need 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|Your booking was successful and your reference number is JZM3JY4X.
ok, now i need a train.|What is your departure site and your destination?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to london liverpool street|What day and time are you thinking of leaving?
The train should leave after 08:45 and should leave on saturday. I will need a arrival time and price|The earliest train departs at 9:59 and arrives at 11:27 , the price is 13.28 pounds. Do you want me to book this for you?
I just needed that information, thank you for your help today.|No problem, have a wonderful day!
Can you find a train for me that leaves from Stevenage and is going to Cambridge? Thanks.|Yes, I can help you. What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday, and I would like to be there by 08:00.|Yes, you'll want to take TR9448.  It will leave Stevenage at 5:54 and arrive by 06:43.
An how much will that cost?|That will cost you 12.80 pounds per ticket
I am also looking for a attraction called whale of a time. Do you have more information on that?|Whale of Time is an entertainment venue in the West. The phone number is 01954781018. Do you need more information?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
I need a train going to cambridge on thursday .|From where and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be departing from broxbourne on thursday.|What time would you like to leave by?
I just need to arrive at or a little before 13:00, please.|I have train TR1590 that will leave at 11:32 and put you in Cambridge at 12:32. Would that be okay?
Yes. I also am looking for a hotel called Worth House.|The Worth house is a cheap hotel in the north. Its on 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to book? Also would you like me to book train?
No, can you give me the travel time, departure time, and train ID for the train you mentioned?|TR1590	leaves at 11:32	and the duration is 60 minutes.
Thanks! I'd like to book at the worth house for 7 people and 3 nights starting thursday.|Your reservations at Worth House have been confirmed.  Your reference number is FA43DXGE.  Did you need assistance reserving train seats?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome.  Enjoy your stay at the Worth House.
Are there any museums you can recommend?|Well, there are 23 museums to choose from. If you give me a specific area I can narrow down the choices.
No how about you pick on and give me the entrance fee if any and the phone number please|The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and its phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
Great I'm also looking to travel to london kings cross on monday by train|Did you have any preference for departure or arrival times?
As early as possible in the morning.|The TR7075 meets your criteria. It leaves at 5:00. Would you like to make a booking?
Does that train depart from Cambridge?|Yes, it departs from Cambridge
Why did I ask this?  Of course it would be cambridge  Sorry, my mistake.  Please book me for 1 person and I need a reference number.|Your total is 23.6 GBP, which you will pay at the station. Your Reference number is : PQ7PVOTI.
Wonderful, thanks for your help today.|You are very welcome! Safe travels!
Hi there, I am looking for a train going to Cambridge, and departing from London liverpool street. Can you book me one?|Absolutely.  Can you please tell me what day you would like the booking to be made for?
I'll be traveling on Saturday, please. Oh and I don't want to leave too early, let's say something after 17:45.|The first train after 17:45 from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge leaves at 19:39 and arrives at 21:07. Would that be to your liking?
That would work, could you tell me the travel time for that as well?|Absolutely. The travel time is 88 minutes for that route. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, I don't need it booked right now. I would really like to find a college to visit in town.|I have many colleges but I could recommend clare hall. It is on the west side. Would you like more information on one?
Yes.  Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for that information, you've been very helpful. I will call back when I'm ready to book the train.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge that would arrive by 19:45.|There are 1,029 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day, and/or the time it leaves?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Ely and leaves on Sunday.|Train TR5389 leaves Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in sly at 18:07. Can I book this for you?
That works, can you book 2 seats for me please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9YZO84HU. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a very expensive restaurant located in the Centre. Do you have any suggestions?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular kind of cuisine you're looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer British food.|There are 3 results for expensive british food in the centre area. The first is fitzbillies restaurant, would you like more information on it?
That one sounds good, could you reserve me a table for 2 at 14:15?|Just to make sure I have this correct. Which day would you like the reservation booked for?
The same day as the train, on sunday. Can I also get the reference number please?|Unfortunately that is booked already. Would you like to book a different time?
Can you try booking for 2 on Sunday at 13:15 instead?|Certainly! I was able to book you for 2 people at Fitzbillies Restaurant at 13:15 on Sunday. Your Reference number is YHP8JIIA.
Thanks so much - that's all I need today. You've been a great help!|Thank you as well. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a modern European restaurant in the moderate range.|I have three restaurants that meet your criteria - Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina and Bar, and Riverside Brasserie. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Sure, you can choose. As long it's in the moderate price range and serves modern European food, can you tell me what area it is in please?|Certainly, how about riverside brasserie is in the moderate price range, serves modern European and it is in the Centre area. How many people shall I book it for?
Let me think on that, could you help me book a train?|could you be a little more specific please; what day do you want to leave, and when do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave after 13:45 on thursday from cambridge to stansted airport.|I found 10 trains, do you have any time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 13:45. Give me which ever one is earliest.|The earliest one I have leaving is 14:40 and arriving at 15:08. Would you like me to book this for just one person?
Not at this time, no. I just needed the information, thank you.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you!|Excellent. Have a good day!
I am looking for information on train schedules. i need a train that leaves after 11:00 to Cambridge.|There are 973 trains that meet your needs. What is your departure station and what day are you traveling?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross and want to leave on Monday.|There is a Train, TR572 that departs from london kings cross Monday at 11:17
Perfect.  I'd like to be on that train.  TR572, is that the train ID?|No, sorry. The train id is TR5720. That is the london kings cross to cambridge on monday at 11:17.
Ok, great thanks. Could you also give me information on a restaurant called la mimosa?|La Mimosa is an expensive Mediterranean place in the centre. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for seven people on the same day also please give me a reference number|What time would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for 20:00.|I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the restaurant. There seems to be an error.
La Mimosa restaurant for 7 people at 15:15 on Monday.  Can you please send me the reference number?|Okay! Great! I was able to book that restaurant at 15:15 for 7 people on Monday and your reference number is C0BM6NFL.
Thank you, that is all I need at this time.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I need to find a train that leaves after 13:00 on Saturday|Sure, which stations will you be using?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne|TR4334 will leave at 13:01 and arrive by 14:01. Do you want to book this train?
What time is the next one after that?  That is cutting it close and I don't want to miss it.|The next train leaves at 14:01 and arrives by 15:01.  Will that work better for you?
book for me that for one person|I will book it for you now.
Can you get me the reference number too?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : TB72NAOO. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a mid ranged priced Indian place to dine.|There are four restaurants that serve Indian food in a moderate price range, in which area of town would you prefer to eat?
I want to eat in the east please|Sure, I recommend Curry Prince located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Please do. I'll need a table for 1 person on saturday at 10:45. And give me the reference number too.|It's booked, your reference number is 96K0BBZZ.
Thank you for your time.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all today, thank you.|I hope you have a wonderful time.
I am looking for a place called The Fez Club in Cambridge.|There is a nightclub that is name Fez Club in Cambridge. Do you need their address?
Yes please let me know the area and address.|The Fez Club is located at 8 Market Passage in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I'm looking for a train leaving on Monday going to London Liverpool Street.|Great, and how many people will be riding with you?
There will be four people riding with me.|Where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive?
From cambridge to london liverpool street. I don't need a specific time, I just need to know the arrival time.|How about the TR1764 that arrives at 15:27?
Are there any trains that arrive after 21:00?|We have the TR0117 that arrives at 21:27. Does that work?
Sure, I would love to purchase my ticket.|I have booked your train for four 16.60 for each and 66.4 pounds total.  Your reference number is TITYQMLD. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all that I need, thank you.|You're welcome - safe travels!
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant where I can eat african food.|I would recommend the Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, a table for two at 5:00. Thanks!|Which day would you like that for?
I would prefer Sunday at 15:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NUW9RNII.
I also need a train from Kings Lynn on Sunday.|What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by 12:00.|TR7763 arrives 11:58 and will cost you 7.84 pounds. can we book?
Yes that sounds perfect!|How many tickets will you need?
Actually I'm sorry I don't need it booked right now. May I get travel time, and departure time?|Of course. TR7763 leaves Kings Lynn on Sunday at 11:11. The duration of the trip will be 47 minutes with arrival in Cambridge at 11:58.
Thank you very much. That is all for now.|Are you sure I can't help you find some attractions while in town?
Actually, I need a table for 5, not 2, sorry about that.|Okay, we've made the change from 2 to 5. The reference number is 5A2M3RB9. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you for the help!|excellent, have a great day!
I want to take a trip to Cambridge, but need some help locating a train. Can you provide some information for me please?|Yes, of course.  Where would you like to leave from and when would you like to leave?
i'm leaving from peterborough on tuesday and the train should arrive after 15:30|Just to confirm, did you want to leave after 15:30 or arrive by 15:30?
Oh, yes, I meant I need to leave after 15:30. I guess that means it will arrive after 15:30, too, ha ha.|I have a train that leaves at 15:48 and arrives at 16:38. Would that work for you?
Yes. What is the price on that?|The price is 16.50 pounds.
Please book that train. I'm also in search of a particular hotel. It's called Worth House.|How many train tickets will you need?
Just the one, please.|OK, your train ticket is booked (Ref#WYJFK3C4). As far as the Worth House goes, it's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town.
Can we book the hotel for 1 person and 5 nights starting from Tuesday?|I was able to successfully book you at Worth House for 5 nights starting Tuesday.   Your reference number is H38MB0WZ.
Thank you so much that is everything that I need.|You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Thank you! You've been very helpful. I will be sure to ask for you if I need anything else on our trip.|You're welcome. Have a nice trip and stay. Goodbye.
I will be visiting Cambridge and I need to arrive by 9:15 on Saturday.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from peterborough.|There is a train leaving at 8:19 and will arrive at 9:09. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can I get the price and train ID please?|Yes.  The train ID is TR6763 and the price per seat is 13.20 pounds.
I'm also looking for swimming pools in the area. Can you help me?|There are four swimmingpools in the area. What area of town would you prefer?
is there a swimming pool in the east?|There is! Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in the east. Would you like their phone?
Yes please. And can I also get the entrance fee?|I am sorry, there is no listing for an entrance fee available.
Can I please get the address for the swimming pool.|Sure thing. They are located on Pool Way, Whitehill Road off Newmarket Road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you give me the phone number for the pool?|The number is 01223902088, is that all you need?
What's the entrance fee?|There is no information for that. I'm sure if you call, they would be happy to provide it for you.
Okay, I will do that, thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Would you like for me to book train TR6763 for you?
No thank you.  Goodbye!|Have a great day!
I am looking for a train that leaves on Friday and goes to cambidge|Where do you wish to depart from?
I will be departing from stansted airport and want to leave after 18:15.|TR5921 departs the airport at 18:24 and arrives by 18:52, does this suit your needs?
yes, what is the travel time, train ID and price please per ticket|Train TR5921, 44ld and leaves at 18:24
Could you confirm the travel time and price please?|Train TR5921 leaves Stansted Airport at 18:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:52 at a price of 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like to book this?
Not, at the moment.  However, I would also like to find a hotel to stay with free wifi and a moderate price range.|There are 17 options. Do you care about area, type or star rating?
I would like a 0 star hotel.|There is one option available. It is cityroomz. Do you want to book?
Yes,  please book it for the same day for a party of 4 for 4 nights.|Do you want the reservations to begin on Friday?
Yes the same day please.|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : RWZ39FBX.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You are welcome enjoy !
I am looking for a train going to Broxbourne.|Certainly. Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge heading to Broxbourne.|I have 133 trains fitting that criteria, what time would you like to leave at?
I'd like to leave after 10:30.|What day are you traveling? And is this a booking just for yourself?
I am leaving on Thursday and can you please give me the travel time and price?|Sure, train TR3262 is perfect and has a 60 minute travel time.  It costs 17.90 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
That would be perfect, thank you.|I have you on that train and your reference number is U5N4FNSQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for now.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day!
I am in desperate need of a getaway. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay?|Do you have a price preference, or a particular area you would like to stay in?
I like staying on the north side of town and I do need free wifi.|I have two guesthouse style locations that are both in the price range and located in the north.  Worth house has a 4-star rating.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does
The Worth house sounds fine. I would need the postcode.|The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on friday that departs from leicester and goes to Cambridge.|I have 19 trains that meet that criteria.  Do you have a time you would like to arrive?
I'd like to leave after 11:45, please.|Okay, I think TR4170 would be most suitable for you, leaving Leicester on Friday at 09:09 and arriving in Cambridge by 10:54. Shall I book you a ticket?
Yes please.  I need 8 tickets.  And I'm sorry, I didn't need you to book the hotel, hope it's not too late.|Your booking was successful. Your confirmation number is OLYQOSDV. The total is 302.39GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.|Thank you and have a great day.
Thanks one more time. Lets end this conversation PLEASE|Have a great day and enjoy your trip
I am looking for a restaurant called Charlie Chan|I found Charlie Chan on Regent Street City Center. Can I book that for you?
yes please, for 1 person at 12:45 on Thursday, thank you|You're all set! The reference number is NL81FN41
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Can you tell me your departure station and a time you'd like to either leave or arrive?
I am looking to leave Kings Lynn station and arrive by 9:45|I have 4 trains that arrive before 9:45. Would you like me to book TR8705 which leaves at 8:11 and arrives at 8:58
What's the price and travel time for that train?|The price is 9.80 pounds and will leave at 8:11 and arrive at 8:58, which is 47 minutes travel time. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that sounds good.|Is this also just for one person?
Actually hold off on booking for now.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you for all your assistance.|You're welcome! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves Italian food?  I will be in the area soon.|I have 4 in the centre of town and one in the south, any preference?
Yes, I would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on friday afternoon.|Could you give me a more specific time for the "afternoon"?  Reservations can be placed starting on the hour and every 15 minutes after.
Yes. I actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on Wednesday at 18:15.|I cannot get a table reserved for you at that time. Perhaps another day or time slot maybe?
Can you try 17:15?|I was able to book stazione restaurant and coffee bar the reference number is 95K25VSO
Thank you. Can you book me a train arriving the same day as I am going to the restaurant?|I would be happy to help if I have some more information. What are the departure and destination locations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from London Liverpool Street.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 10:00 and I would like to book it for the same quantity of people as in the restaurant. I also would like the reference number.|Ok, I have booked 2 tickets on TR5936 leaving Liverpool St at 07:39 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:07. Reference number 68JD5L35. It will be 33.20GBP at the station.
Thank you! Goobye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a train to cambridge leaving on Sunday.|May I please have where you are departing from?
I am departing from Leicester and need to leave after 8:45.|Two trains leave after 8:45, TR1079 leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54, and TR1744 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, there are also 3 other trains that leave later.
Great I'll take TR1079 for two people please give me the reference number.|Great, your reservation is booked, your reference number is N7MG5RD7 and the total cost is 60.48 GBP
Great. I'm also looking to book that for two people. Also, I'm interested in places around town. Any parks in the south area?|There are 2 parks in the south area. Both are free.
Can I get the phone numbers for both please?|Absolutely you can! Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway can be reached at 01223302580 and you can dial 01223243830 to get in touch with Wandlebury Country Park.
Can I please get the entrance fee for the Lammas Land Park?|The entrance fee is free.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. You've been very helpful! Thank you.|You are most welcome please let us know if we can help you in the future.
I need to book a restaurant.|I'm happy to assist you. What type of cuisine would you like?
I would really love to try christmas food.|I'm sorry, I am not showing any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like to consider a different cuisine?
I would love italian food then.|We have 15 different Italian restaurants across town at different price ranges. Do you want to narrow down your choices?
No thank you. I'll just need a price range and postcode for one of them.|pizza hut city centre is inthe cheap price range. their postcode is cb21ab
Thank you for the information, I also need a train on Wednesday from Cambridge.|Will you be travelling alone, and what is your destination?
I would like to request information about a train to London Liverpool Street, I would like to leave after 9:15, when do I arrive and what is the price?|TR5874  arrives 11.27 and will cost 16.60 pounds	.is that it?
Yes that was all I needed to today.  Thank you goodbye.|Have a good day.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some advice on a place to stay.|Sure. What is your price range and what side of town will you be interested in?
I would like a moderate price hotel in Cambridge.|I have some moderate priced hotels in the north and center.  Do you have a location preference?
I'm not concerned about the area but it doesn't need to include internet.|There are two 2 star hotels in the north part of town. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both include free internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
Either one is fine. I need to book it for 5 nights on Wednesday. There are 4 people.|I will work on that and be back with you in a moment.
Let me know when your break is over. I'll need a reference number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : P39PYOK0. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need info on a train. It should arrive in london liverpool street by 16:30.|Where will you be traveling from, and what day would you like to travel?
I will be departing Cambridge on Friday.|All right, the TR4187 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|How many tickets will you be needing today?
I need 4 tickets, and the price and train ID|I booked 4 tickets on train TR4187, your reference number is LXZWA3Q8.  A total of 66.4 GBP is payable at the station, can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.|There are many, can you tell me what type of food you are looking for?
I would love to try modern european. Do you have that type?|I have two available. Both are moderately priced. I have the De Luca Cucina and Bar. The other is the Riverside Brasserie. Do you prefer one of these?
Perhaps the Riverside Brasserie. I would like to book a table for 8 at 11:00 on Monday, please get me the reference number. Thank you.|your book was successful. Your reference is YFNH30LM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need at train arriving by 08:45 to Cambridge.|Ok perfect, what day do you want to depart?
I will be leaving Monday.|Okay, great, and your location of departure?
I am departing from leicester|Train TR8829 departs from Leicester at 6:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 7:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds fine. Can you please reserve seats for a party of eight on that train?|Okay, your booking is successful and your reference number is N78T0X5J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
What museums are in Cambridge?|There are 23 options. Do you want a particular area of town?
Um, yes, in the centre.|The Broughton House Gallery is in the Centre. Admission is free. Would you like directions?
That's okay, I just want the phone number for it.|The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a train leaving on Sunday from cambridge?|Where is your destination and what time of day would you be looking to arrive?
I want to go to birmingham new street and I'm looking to arrive by 13:45.|How about the TR5401 that arrives at 12:44?
All that sounds perfect. I just need the price on one train ticket, please. Thank you and have a nice day.|The price is 60.08 pounds. Would you like to book this now?
Okay but first can I get the train ID please?|Of course, the train ID is TR5401. Would you like me to book this now?
Thanks, I actually don't need you to book a ticket. In fact, I'm all set. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much!|You're very welcome.
I need a train to take me to Cambridge departing from London Liverpool Street.|What day were you thinking of traveling on?
On Thursday. I need to arrive by 20:45|May I suggest train TR7360 arriving at 19:07?
That would be fine. I'll need the travel time, departure time, and train ID, please?|As mentioned, it is TR7360. It leaves liverpool on thursday at 17:39. It arrives at cambridge at at 19:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
What's the duration of the trip?|The duration is 88 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a boat type of place to go in the north.|we have riverboat georgina
Can you give me the phone number, address and entrance fee?|Yes, the address is Cambridge passenger crusiers, jubilee house.  Their phone number is 01223902091.  I'm not sure about the entrance fee.  You could call them and find out?
Okay. Thank you for your time!|Before I let you go, has everything been resolved or are there other questions?
Have a great day.  I am all set.  Goodbye.|welcome and thanks for using our services.
What can you tell me about an attraction called the Fez Club?|It's a night club in the centre, at the address 8 market passage. It costs 5 pounds to get in. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, I need the phone number please.|The number is 01223519224. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What day are you hoping to travel?
From Cambridge? Stansteadthrough the country though. but need to leave on Saturday and arrive n\by 14:30|TR6193 will have you there at 14:08. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'm sorry, but I actually need to leave after 16:30.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:45.|I found one train TR2001 which departs Cambridge at 16:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book me for that.  I will need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TRHSQ5WO.
That will be all. Thank you.|Have a great day, glad to help you.
I am  looking for information in Cambridge.|Can you be more specific please?
Oops, sorry. I should have given you more info. I am wanting to find a train to get me to Bishops Stortford.|Could you tell me what day and time you are wanting to leave?
Me and 6 of my friends want to leave sometime after 8:30.|Please tell me what place you want to depart from?
I'll be leaving cambridge on Tuesday and need a booking.|Ok, the first train after 8:30 is TR1562 and it leaves at 09:29, shall I book you?
Yes, for 7. Please give me the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked up. It will cost 70.7 GBP at the station, and your reference number is UXGLG4VF. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get an expensive place to stay?  A hotel more specifcally, 2 stars please.|There is only one in that price range. It is express by holiday inn cambridge.
Can you book a room for me?|Of course! What day, how many people, and how many nights?
I'm looking just for the phone number, address, and area of the hotel.|Would you like express by holiday inn?
Yes, that one would be perfect. I need the address, phone number and area please.|It is located in the east area at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park. The phone number is 01223866800.
that is all i wanted to know for today thank you|You're welcome, have a great day!
Find me a cheap vietnamese food place please.|We have thanh binh.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Thursday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LAKQV5EK.
I also need a Friday train.|OK, from where to where do you need a train?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There are 19 trains. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive at Birmingham new street by 21:15, please.|There are 15 possible options. Do you want me to reserve some tickets for you?
Yes please pick the last option and book 8 tickets for me. I will definitely need the reference number too.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is Z277D99H.
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, let us know if we can help with anything else.
I want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.|I'm sorry there are no 5 star hotels in the area. Are there any hotels I can help you find?
Truly? I'm sorry, I'm just surprised Cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. Well, I need something moderately priced.|I think you would enjoy the Lovell Lodge which is in the North and is moderately priced.
That sounds good I would like to book a room|great, how many nights are you staying?
I will be staying 2 nights.|OK, and what day will you arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I will be arriving on Friday and I need it for 8 people please.|I was able to book it, reference is U02SQUS1.
Great. I also need a train from cambridge leaving after 11:15.|Okay I can certainly help you with that. Could you tell me where your arrival destination will be? And your day of travel?
Going to Broxbourne on Saturday|Okay, TR9098 departs Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne by 13:01 on Saturday. Will that work for you?
That sounds good.  Yes, please book that. I'll also need a reference number.|How many tickets would you like?
I would like 8 tickets for the train please.  I also have a quick question about the hotel that was booked. Is it a 4 star hotel?|It is only 2 stars.
Ok I need another hotel then it must be 4 stars.|There are no 4 stars in that area.
Okay, that will be fine.|Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all.|Your welcome, enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a luxurious dining experience in the centre of Cambridge.|Do you have any cuisine preferences?
I would really like asian oriental food tonight.|Sure. Would you like to reserve a table at Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, or Sesame Restaurant and Bar?
any of them. book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on wednesday|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I will need the reference number please.|Yes I have it  for you, its 0123357187
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I can help you with that! Is there a specific one you have in mind or perhaps a specific type of cuisine I can search for?
I'm looking for an expensive polynesian place.|I'm sorry, there is nothing that I can find like that.  Do you have anything else I can look for?
Yes, can you look for chinese food please?|I have the hakka located in the north. It is expensive and located at milton road chesterton.  Would you like to make reservations?
I'd really like something in the centre, do you have Polynesian or Chinese in the centre?|Okay, how about the Ugly Duckling?
That sounds interesting. Could you give me the address, phone number and postcode?|There is no phone number listed, but their address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is cb21tw. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train. It should leave London liverpool Street after 12:45 on Wednesday. I am going to Cambridge.|There earliest train after 12:45 is TR2826, departing London Liverpool Street at 13:39 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Thank you.|Just to confirm, how many tickets do you need?
Just for myself.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 1OIMDS0D.
You know what, I'm so sorry I actually did not need a booking at all. I just wanted to know the travel time, arrival time, and price. Sorry.|16.6 gbp a person arrives at 15:07, trip time is 88 minutes, any further questions?
No. That actually takes care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I need a place to eat in the center of town.|What cuisine do you want?
I would like Indian cuisine please.|We have nine Indian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
I would like a cheaper place please.|May I suggest The Gandhi?  It is in the center of town, its on the cheaper, most affordable price range, and it serves great food.
Yes. 7 people on Friday. 18:30.|Ok, you are all set for Friday at 18:30.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VC2RCPYE.
thanks, I'll also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn.|What day and time do you need to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday. I'll be leaving after 9:15.|The TR1854 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11. Would you like me to book you?
That would be great, thank you!|thank you that will be all
I need a place to dine, and I'd like to know what my options are in the way of moderately priced vietnamese cuisine.|I'm afraid there aren't any moderate Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like to try something else?
I need something in the centre.|Okay, may I suggest british food?
What about a Gastropub?|The cow pizza kitchen and barn is in the centre of town on Corn Exchange Street.
That sounds great! Can you book a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 4 people, please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5NITO74A.
Thanks. I also need train tickets from leicester to cambridge please|Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be the same day as the booking and I need to arrive by 09:30|The TR7843 train arrives at cambridge at 8:54. Would you look to purchase tickets or get more information?
I would like to get the departure time and price first.|It costs 30.24 Pounds, and leaves at 07:09. Can I help you with anything else?
Please book for me, thanks.|I have reserved 4 seats for you. Your reference number is 0ORGWOUA.
Thank you. The restaurant and train were my needs today which were successfully met. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Hi. Can you help me find a train that is departing from leicester?|What is your destination? What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving Monday from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|What time were you wanting to leave around?
11:15 for 4 people,can you book it for me ?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DKHCMYX0.
Thank you. Can yo also find a restaurant that serves  traditional food and  in the expensive price range?|Unfortunately, we don't have any restaurants in the city that offer traditional food. Is there another type of cuisine I can search for?
Ok, well how about Chinese in the expensive range?|Yes, there are a number of options.  Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Yes the north please.|Okay, I recommend Hakka on Milton Road Chesterton.
Ok great. Can I get the address and phone number?|Milton Road Chesterton is the address. 01223568988 is the phone number. Can i help you with anything else today?
no. i'm going to head out now. it was great that you could help. goodbye.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need a train to cambridge from norwich on Sunday, please.|Sure, when would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:30, is there anything for that time?|TR5225 arrives at 13:35 if that would work for you?
Yes perfect. What is the departure time on that train so I am not late.|Sorry it leaves at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35.
Wait, I thought it arrived at 13:35, no?|Yes you are correct train TR5225 arrives at 13:35.
Can you verify the departure time for that train again please?|The departure time is 12:16 PM
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'd like it to be located in the centre and be a mutliple sports|Unfortunately there are no such venues. Can I help you with anything else?
Are there any theatres to go to in the centre of town?|I have 4 options here. I suggest adc theatre at park street. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes can I get the address and fee and number for the theatre?|It's located on park street, postcode cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Unfortunately, their entrance fee is not available.
Thank you. You have bee very helpful. Have a nice day.|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Hi! Would you please help me find a hotel to stay at?|Certainly, what can I use to narrow down your search?
It needs to be 2 star, have free parking and free wifi.|We have 3 results. What area are you interested in staying in? And what price range?
I do not have a preference. Please pick one and get me a booking for 8 people for 3 nights staring from Friday.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 79F1XIW2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also need a train that should leave after 16:45 destination  bishops stortford|I see a departing train leaving at 17:29.
I need to travel on Monday, departing Cambridge. Does that make a difference?|That train still meets your criteria. Train TR2530 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Monday at 17:29. Would you like me to book this?
Yes, I need 8 tickets. And could you provide the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 99VHJ3AR. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be everything.|I'm glad I could help.
What have you got on the west side, in the way of places to stay offering free wifi?|I have two guesthouses and two hotels. Any preference?
That doesn't matter to me but I do want to make sure I stay somewhere with free parking.|I would recommend the Cambridge Belfry Hotel.  It is 4 stars and has excellent ratings.  Would you like more information?
Yes, could you tell me the postcode and the price range?|The Cambridge Belfry post code is cb236bw and it is fairly cheap compared to other hotels in the area.
That would be fine. I also need a train that leaves after 21:30 on wednesday.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you traveling to?
I will go to London's Kings Crossing from Cambridge.|I have only found 1 train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.  It leaves at 23:00.  Will that work?
I could use some help finding a train for my stay with you.|That won't be a problem. Can you please provide me with some addition details? For example, what day and time you'd like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday please.|Any more details you would like to provide? The TR7423 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 5, heads to London Kings Corss and arrives at 5:51.
Oops.  Sorry.  My travel day is Monday not Sunday.  What do you have for that day.|There are many trains running on Monday, what is your arrival destination?
My arrival destination is Cambridge.|Okay when would you like to leave by?
I want to arrive by 15:45|What is your departure site?
Kings Lynn. I need 5 tickets and my reference number|TR2257 will arrive at 14:58. Should I go ahead and book 5 tickets for this train?
Yes that would be great also I need the reference number after you book it.|I'm sorry, my booking system seems to be down. Can you try again later?
Yea that is okay THank you|Train TR2257 has been booked for 5 seats. Your reference number is E720WBAI. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no thanks that's all|Thank you for using our service today!
Yes, I need to find a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
On Saturday. I would like to leave after eight thirty.|I have a train leaving at 8:32 and arriving at 9:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please that works for me.|Your booking was successful.  The total fee will be 14.32 GBP with reference #EAFSM2S0.
Great. I am also looking for some entertainment in the centre of town. Any ideas?|I have over 40 different choices. Can you tell me what you would like to see or do in order to narrow down the search?
Is there anything in the entertainment type? If not, then a museum would be nice.|The Cambridge contemporary art museum is in the centre and free to attend.
Great! What is the post code and the address?|The address is 6 trinity street and the postcode is cb21su.
Thanks so much. I think I have all the info I need. Have a good day. Bye.|Okay, have a great day!
I need to find a place called Royal Spice in Cambridge.  It is a restaurant, can you help me?|Yes. It is an Indian restaurant in the North, the phone number is 01733553355 and it is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Can you please provide the full address?|Yes, the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton cb41eh. May I help with anything else?
I also need to find a train going to Cambridge from birmingham new street.|What day are you departing and do you have a time preference?
The train should leave on Friday after 19:00|The earliest train after 19:00 is TR9704 leaving at 19:40. Would you like a ticket?
I do not think I want to book at this time. Thank you for all your help.|It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day!
Hi. Can you help me find an east hotel?|Sure, did you need anything else specifically?
I would like something with 4 or 5 stars.|We have six four star guesthouses on the east side. Does price matter?
No, it does not matter. I am also looking a for place with free parking.|All have free parking! Moderately or cheaply priced?
The price does not matter.|I recommend the Warkworth House at Warkworth Terrace.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Does it also have free wifi? I need wifi too.|Yes it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for myself and 4 nights starting tuesday|You are all set, the reference number is ZI27S8E2, any further questions?
I need a train ticket from cambridge to ely. I want to arrive at least by 21:15, can I get the reference # too please?|What day would you be traveling?
I will be traveling on tuesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please. Can I get the reference number?|There are 8 trains that would get you there by 21:15. What time would you like to depart Cambridge?
I do not have a specific time to leave, thank you for asking.|Okay! How many people would you like me to book a train for?
arrive by 21:15 for the same group of people. and I need a reference number|I have booked you on the train leaving Cambridge at 19:50. Your will arrive at 20:07 and your reference number is 7776W8DF.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a train to Broxbourne.|There are many trains available. Will you be traveling on a certain day or at a specific time?
I'll need to travel on Sunday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to arrive by 10:15 please.|TR4249 leaves at 06:01 and arrives at 07:01 giving you plenty of time. Can I book that for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 7 people. Can I please get the reference number after it's booked?|I have it booked for you. The total fee is 100.24 GBP and the reference number is JIXSCT7D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a cheap place to stay.|Do you have a preference for the area, stars, internet or parking?
I want it to have star of 4, and include free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Does location matter? The Alexander is a popular choice in the center, but Rosa's is a favorite in the south.
No, the location is flexible. Can you tell me if Rosa's offers free parking or wifi or both?|Yes, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast provides free parking.  Would you like me to book that for your?
Yes I need it for Friday for two nights for 7 people please. I will also need the reference number.|All set- your reference number is 9ZLD8Y9E. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all. Have a good night. Goodbye|goodbye, and you're welcome
Yes, can you help me with some information on a place to stay?|Yes, what do you have in mind?
I'd like something moderately priced, with a 4 star rating. I'd like free parking too.|There are 9 results that match your criteria, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the west.|I am sorry but no guesthouses exist that match those criteria. Would you consider a hotel?
Yes, I'm open to a hotel as long as it's a 4 star with free parking|Sorry, I have no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area or a different price range, perhaps?
No thats all I need thank you|OK, please let me know if there is anything else I can do to assist you.
Could you find me a train leaving on Tuesday going to London Kings Cross?|Sure! What time would you like to leave at?
Thanks! Whenever I depart is fine, as long as I arrive at London Kings Cross by 8:30!|TR3343 will get you there by 07:51. Would you like to book a seat?
I don't need a ticket today, but could you tell me the price?|If  you are leaving from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, the ticket price is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|i am glad iwas of help. great day
You too. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.|Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you?
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.|I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday.
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.|I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.|The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, 4 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Okay, I will get that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you please provide me with the reference number?|The reference number is GETHUNTL. What else can i do for you?
There is nothing more for me. Thanks for your help, adios!|Okay, adios amigo! Glad I could help!
Hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?|I don't have information on deals, but I can book as many tables as you need.  Do you have a cuisine in mind?
Yes, the efes restaurant. I'd like to book for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday. Could I also get the reference number?|Yes great I made your reservation and your reference number is  SGSSGX8P.
Hi I am also looking for a plane, leaving Monday at 6:00.|I'm sorry, I do not have information about plane travel, could I book you a train instead?
Yes, I would like to go to the airport on Monday.|What is your destination?
Going to Stansted Airport, from Cambridge.|TR7460 leaves at 6:40 would that work for you?
That should be fine. Please provide me tickets for the same group of people. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 2L1LA91L
That is everything, thank you for your help.|Do you need me to look up anything else for you?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Yes, I am looking for an early evening train leaving from Cambridge. Is there one available?|What day will you be travelling?
Tuesday going to bishops stortford please.|I have 10 trains for you on Tuesday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would need to arrive by 16:30.|I have train TR8017 arriving at 16:07, is that good for you?
How much will it cost and how long will the trip take?|It is a 38 minutes drive and the cost is 10.10 pounds per person.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in. It doesn't need to have free parking or internet.|Let's narrow down our search. What price range would you like to be in?
Hello. I am looking for attractions in the east Cambridge area, can you help me?|I have lots of different options. What type of attraction are you interested in. I have museums, entertainment, boating, etc?
Maybe entertainment. Can you give me postcode and entrance fee information?|Sure, the Funky Fun House is located in postcode cb58hy, but the entrance fee is not listed.  You could call them at 01223304705.  Can I give you any other information today?
Can you look up a train for me? I'll be departing from broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:15.|I have a train leaving broxbourne at 15:32 and arriving in cambridge at 16:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the train ID please?|The trainID is TR4031, anything else I could help you with?
What is the price for the train ticket?|The train ticket costs 17.90 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. Thank you.|No thank you. Thank you for your help.
Thanks again for your help.|Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for some caribbean food.|I'm sorry, I wish there were some Caribbean places here, but there isn't.
Well, how about a gastropub?|Yes, there are some options.  Was there a particular price range or area of town you were looking for?
No any area is fine with me I just need the area and postcode of a good restaurant.|Kitchen and Bar is a great gastropub located in the centre of town. The passcode is cb12qa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train leaving on friday from cambridge can you help me get a ticket?|I'd be happy to help you with that, just let me know your destination.
Sorry I messed up before. I actually did want an expensive restaurant. Is Kitchen and Bar expensive?|yes would you like me to book it for you ?,
No, I just need the area and the post code please.|It is in the centre, and the postcode is cb23qf
Thanks I also need a trin from cambridge to london liverpool street on firday|what time do you need to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00. Can you choose the train with the closest arrival time to 11:00 and book it for 7 people? Then give me the reference number|the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RTTDSKXC Your train leaves at 07:59
Thanks for your time. That is all for now.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for a train leaving on Saturday from Kings Lynn.|Do you have any time preferences?
I need to leave after 13:00.|What will your destination be?
I am wanting to go to Cambridge.|The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.  Can I book some tickets for you?
Yes book for 4 people|You're reference number is BIAZMBUC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre city.|I have several restaurants in the centre in the expensive range.  What type of cuisine would your prefer?
No preference. Can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at 17:45 on saturday. & may I have the reference # please?|I would recommend british cuisine. Would that be okay with you?
That would be fine.  Is it available Saturday at 17:45?|The restaurant Fitzbillies is available, and I've made you a reservation. Your reference number is 4WGDGOSA.
Thank you for your help, have a nice day.|It was my pleasure to serve you. Please contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a good day.
I need to book a train departing from Cambridge after 9:15.|Where are you heading to?
I am going to Stevenage, on Wednesday.|I was able to find a train for you at 9:21. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me what the price of this trip is?|It should cost around 12.80 pounds.  Anything else?
Yes, what's the train ID and what time does it arrive?|TR8913 will arrive by 10:10.
Great. That is all I need.|Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I need a train leaving cambridge on thursday.|There are quite a few running all day to many different stations. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Leicester and get there by 18:45|Sure, I can get you aboard a 15:21 arriving at 17:06. Would you like me to book a seat aboard TR9839?
Not right now.  Thanks for the information though!  Have a great day! Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Oh wait!  Before you go, can you give me some information on the cherry  hinton village centre?|Of course. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre has multiple sports in the east end of town.
Sounds good. What is the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, may I have their address, please?|The address is colville road, cherry hinton.
That is all I need, thank you.|Thank you for using our service.  have a good day!
Good bye.|Enjoy your day. Good bye.
I would like to find an Italian restaurant open for dinner?|I will need more information on what you are looking for, what area and what time?
I am looking for a train departing from london liverpool street on thursday to go to cambridge.|There are multiple trains available. By what time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to arrive by 09:30. The booking is for me only and I will need a reference number please.|How about the TR4204? It will arrive by 9:07.
That sounds good. Please book me for one person and give me the reference number.|All done. You have 1 ticket on TR4204, Your reference number is 834POXTX. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's everything today, thank you.|Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to stevenage, leaving on Sunday.|Train TR8464 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10. Would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave some time after 14:30, and I'll be traveling to Cambridge.|There are many trains at that time, where are you leaving from?
Im leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.|the 1st train out of cambridge going to stevenage is at 15:21 arriving at 16:10.  shall I get a ticket for you?
Before we do that are there any attractions that feature a swimming pool in town?|Yes, there are 2 in the north, 1 in the east and 1 in the centre. Which would you be interested in?
What is the name, entrance fee, and phone number of the one in the center?|The name is Parkside Pools.  The entrance fee is not listed in our database, but you could probably get it by calling them at 01223446100.
Do you have entrance fees for any of the others?|Actually none of the pools in our database have an entrance fee listed.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all the information I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?|What hotel are you interested in?
It is called home from home. I was wondering what type of hotel it is and the star of the hotel.|Home from Home is a 4 star, guesthouse type hotel.
Thanks, that is all I need on the hotel but can I book a train from cambridge to stevenage, I need ot arrive by 20:45.|I'll be more than happy to help you book the train. What day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|I have trains available would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the departure time and price please|leave at 5:21 and arrive by 6:10 for 12.80 pounds
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! What would you like to know?
I need a train that  will leave monday ggo to Cambridge at 12:00|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London Liverpool Street.|The closest thing I have to your departure time is the TR6226 which leaves at 13:39.
Okay. I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in the expensive price range.|I have 9 guesthouses that fall in the inexpensive category. What part of town do you prefer?
I prefer an expensive hotel in the north please|I don't have any in that area, another perhaps?
How about one in the moderate price range then.|There are 9 places available. Do you have a preference in rating?
I prefer a four star hotel, please. And can you tell me whether one has free parking?|How does acorn guesthouse sound?  It is in the north and moderately priced.
That sounds nice, thank you. May have their number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223353888. The post code is cb41da. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No thanks. Do they have free parking?|yes they have free parking
Thank you for your assistance. I will do the booking, myself.|Sounds good. Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is fine for today. thank you|Please call again if we can further assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for entertainment places in the centre of town.|I apologize there are currently no entertainment places in this area. I would be more than happen to look in another area or other attraction types.
How about a cinema?|Yes, the Vue Cinema is in the center of town. Would you like their address or phone number?
Yes please, I would like the address, postcode, and phone number.|The address is the grafton centre, east road. The phone number is 08712240240. The postcode is cb11ps.
I am also looking for a train that will go to Peterborough and leave on a Sunday.  Can you locate one for me?|I have 38 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday.  Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and when would you like to arrive?
The train should leave after 13:45 and should depart from cambridge.|I have 20 trains that meet this criteria. Is there a particular time that you would like to arrive by?
As early as possible, but still departing after 13:45.|The earliest train would leave at 14:06 and arrive at 14:56. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That will work, can you please give me the train ID, price, and travel time?|The train ID is TR0283, the price is 13.20 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I need a train to Cambridge.|Ok, when and where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford on saturday, and I need to get to cambridge at or a little before 14:00.|I can get you a train arriving at Cambridge at 12:07, how many tickets will you be needing?
Just one, please.|I booked Train ID TR4594.
Your price is	8.08 pounds.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need the reference number for the booking please.|Yes that is MKL2A4KD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hey, is curry king still open?|It certainly is. It's located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
yes and thank you for your help|Would you like to make a booking or may I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a train from cambidge and shound arrive by 11:45|Ok. What day will you be traveling and where are you headed to?
I will be traveling on Sunday to London Kings Cross|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 9:00 and arriving at London Kings Crossing at 9:51 on Sunday. Would you like me to make that reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 169.92 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JCP77LOL.
Thanks. We never did book a table at  Curry King. I would like to book a table for 8 at 15:30 on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is 7I8PLAM0.
that takes care of everything i need. thanks for the help. bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a free entertainment.|What did you have in mind?
Never mind that for now. I need a hotel in the centre that includes free wifi and in the expensive price range.|How about the gonville hotel?
That's fine. I'll need it booked for Sunday, 3 nights, and 6 people, please?|Sure thing I have your reservation number. It is FVN5JEV0.
hi how are you ? may i help you sir?|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I need a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge for Sunday to arrive in Cambridge by 20:45 please.|Okay the TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives at 20:08.
I will need 6 tickets.|Reference number is : 4AUYL0VX. What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you so much for all the assistance.|Thanks for using us. Have a nice trip.
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge. Can you recommend a place on the east side?|How about the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
does it have free wifi and parking?|Yes. The Express by Holiday Inn has both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Could you please provide me the phone number of the hotel?|Yes.  The phone number is 01223866800.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train on Saturday.|There are many trains available. Where is your departure and destination?
From cambridge to norwich.|We have 19 options available to you. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you prefer?
I need to leave after 8:15, please. I also need the travel time for that|TR1062 leaves at 8:36 and the ride would last 79 minutes. Should I book that one for you?
No, I think I can do that myself. Thank you for all your help today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
You too, thanks!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs?
I had always wanted to go to Cambridge and say "I'm on a boat"  Can you tell me about attractions which are boat places to visit in Cambridge?|Sure, which part of town will you be in?
Any part of town is fine.|There are 4 boating attractions. Two are in the centre of town, one in the east, and one in the north. Would you like any additional information?
Yes. What are the entrance fees?|I'm sorry I don't have the entrance fees available to me.
Do you have the phone number to any of these attractions?|The phone number for camboats is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Is there any train that is taking off on Monday? I want to arrive my destination by 20:30.|There are lots of trains. Would you like to specify a departure site or destination?
I need a train from cambridge to ely.|I can put you on the tr5137 it will get you there by 14:07, how many tickets please?
I only need 1 ticket.|Slight typo last time - it's train TR5167.  Everything else is correct, and I have made your booking. Reference number VT0HAARA. Is there anything else?
No. That's all thanks.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
While in Cambridge I want to get a train that leaves on Sunday and goes to stansted airport.|There are 19 trains that day. What time do you need to leave cambridge and/or arrive at the airport?
I would like to leave Cambridge after 13:15, thank you|The earliest leaves at 13:40 and the trains depart every hour through 23:40. If you'd like to choose one I can book it for you.
That would be great.  How much would it cost to travel to stansted from Cambridge?|It will cost 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you?
Yes. I am looking for places to go in the centre area. I am looking for college.|There are 13 choices, how do you feel about Emmanuel College?
I wouldn't mind seeing Emmanuel College. Can you give me the postcode?|Sure, Emmanuel College has a postcode of cb23ap.
Can you please give me the exact address.|The address for emmanuel college is saint andrew's street. Is there any other information I can provide?
I think that's all for now, thank you.|Welcome, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 10:30.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from Leicester and want to go to Cambridge.|There are 91 trains leaving Leicaster to Cambridge after the specified time. How does Friday 11:09 sound?
All right. I need a booking for six, please, and the reference number.|I was able to book the train for you for 6 people. The reference number is 7QAMUGHQ. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the north that has free parking.|There are 11 different hotels. To help narrow it down, can you tell me if there is a price range you prefer?
No not really, I would prefer a guesthouse type of hotel with free wifi though.|How about the Acorn guest house on 154 Chesteron Road?  It's a moderate price range guesthouse that is rated 4 stars with free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'd like to book a 5 night stay for the six of us.|Great. Is this hotel stay also starting on Friday?
Yes it is.|Booking was successful, reference number is YN5MH1ZN. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.  Thank you for your help in booking my trip and stay!|No problem! You have a wonderful day!
I need train reservations from Cambridge to stevenage|I have located several trains departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage. To help narrow the search, do you have a particular day and time you want to leave?
Yes, I need to leave on Monday and arrive in Stevenage by 16:30 please.|TR2045 will arrive by 16:10 in stevenage, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 7 people.|Your booking was successful! The total fee will be 89.6 GBP and it is payable at the station. The reference number is 60H70LQF.
Can you also recommend a park for me to visit?|I can.  I would personally recommend milton country park. It's free to visit and located in the north.
That sounds great, what is the entrance fee?|It is free!  Would you like the address or number?
Holy Moly! No, thanks, that's everything I needed today.|So glad we could help. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?|I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options.|They are the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.
The University Arms sounds good.|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL.
I need a place to stay in the south.|I show 4 locations available. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.|I have found 2 guesthouses in the south in the moderate price range. The aylesbray lodge guest house has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book?
That sounds perfect!  Please book it for me.  Thank you!|I need to know the day and how many people will be staying, please?
How about you try to search for a type of the guest house without certain dates?|There are the two guesthouses that were mentioned previously, if you would like to see if there are other options, you will need to broaden your search requirements.
I would like to know more about the Aylesbray Lodge, do you have the address and can you tell me whether they offer free parking?|They do indeed have parking and their location is 4 mowbray road. I can book this for you if you'd like, I just need to know details about your stay.
That's all the info I need about the guesthouse, but I also need to book a train leaving on Friday.|See where that train will be coming from. I mean where will you be leaving from?
I need to go to cambridge from bishops stortford|There are 5 trains going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford on Friday. Do you have a preference in time?
I just need to get there by 2:30 PM is all.|TR4076 departs from bishops stortford going to cambridge on Friday. It leaves at 1:29pm and arrives at 2:07pm. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 4 people, and can you give me a reference number?|We have it booked for 4 tickets. Your reference number is B5DD4PQW. The total fee is 40.40 GBP.
That is all I needed today and I thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye!
Hi, Can you help me find a train from Norwich to Cambridge?|I would be happy to help! What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive wednesday at 16:45.|There is a train which departs at 15:16 and arrives at 16:35 would you like me to book that one?
No need to book it today.  I would like the price and travel time if you have it there, though.|The price is 17.60 pounds and travel time is 79 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a hotel with free parking.|We have 29 hotels that may be what you need. Is there a certain area or price range you are looking for perhaps?
I'd like a guesthouse with a star of 4, please.|The archway house meets your criteria. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please, I need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, that length of stay is not available. Would you like to try again for a shorter stay?
How about 1 night at the archway house for 4 people.  Please book and provide a reference number.  Thank you.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FEK7TT66. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today, thank you|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I would like to book a train. I need to go to peterborough on thursday.|What station will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge, thanks.|I have a train leaving Cabridge for Peterborough Thursday at 05:06.
Great! Please make a booking for 3 people.|I've booked 3 tickets for you, and the fee is 49.5 gbp and your reference number is 17OSNISB.
Thanks very much for your help.|Great! Have a nice day!
I am looking for a train from kings lynn.|I have 133 trains that match that criteria, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to travel on Thursday.|OK, and at what time?
I'd like to go after 10:00.|I have train TR6298 leaving Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. It costs 9.80 pounds and runs for 47 mins. Can I interest you in that one?
Please book that for 8 people. Please give me the reference number.|Reference number is : Z898A328.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you so much for your help. No, that is all.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from bishops stortford?|Absolutely! What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:15, please.|You have a few options available if you're traveling from bishops stortford to cambridge. There is a train leaving at 09:29, Does that work for you?
Great. Let's book it for 6 people. Give me the reference number.|Your train has been booked for 6 people. The train ID is TR2083. Your reference number is WCVY3PV1.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.|You have 17 options that meet that criteria. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to narrow your options down?
The place must have a 3 star rating and include parking.|Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I do not.|I'm sorry.  Nothing is coming up for your specifications.  I need you to narrow down your info.
Well lets try again and book me in what you choose for 2 nights from Friday for 6 people.|How about bridge guest house? They are moderately priced with free wifi and parking and 3 stars.
That sounds great.  Can I book 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday.|I have you booked, the reference number is VM1KGTU7, can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.  Where would you recommend?|Several good choices come to mind, what part of town are you looking to stay in?
any part but should have free parking and moderately priced. should also be a star of 4|I have 9 entries, all of them are guesthouses. Is that acceptable?
Do you have any thing that is not a guesthouse in other areas?|No I am sorry all that are available are guesthouses
Yes. Monday, two nights three people.|I'm sorry but there are no hotels available with those specifications. Would you like to look in a different area?
Do you have any of the guesthouses in the centre?|No, sorry I don't. Would you like to try a different area?
It doesn't matter where the guesthouse is! I'm sorry, a hotel or guesthouse is absolutely fine, the only thing that matters is free parking, 4 stars, and in the moderate price.|The Acorn Guest House matches the criteria you are looking for. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please. There's 3 of us and we want to check in on Monday and stay for just 2 nights|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in east cambridge.|The only hotel that fits that description is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, but there are also several guesthouses if you are interested.
Is the Express by Holiday Inn cheap? And have a star of 4?|It is in the expensive price range with a 2 star rating.
Hm, I would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.|Autumn House has all your requirements except it not being a Holiday Inn Express. Would you like a booking there?
I just would like their postcode and phone number and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?|Okay! They do have internet. Their postcode is CB58RS, and their phone number is 01223575122.
Sounds great.  Could I also get info on a train for monday?|Please give me your departure and destination. And what time do you want to leave at.
It should depart Cambridge to Peterborough.  I need to be there by 21:30.  I need reservations for 8.  Can I get a reference number please?|TR9003 will have you there by 7:56.  Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : AV90SV4C
Thanks for all of your help today. That is all I need.  Bye.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday that departs after 14:30.|I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the train?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to kings lynn on friday. I'll be traveling after 14:30.|TR3057 will be departing cambridge at 15:11 on Friday, arriving kings lynn by 15:58. Would you like to reserve a seat for this train?
Yes please I would like to book it for 6 people please.|That is 6 tickets at 9.80 pounds each for a total of 58.8 GBP. Your reference number is Q1ULPR62. Can I help you with anything else today
Yes, I am also looking for information on a restaurant called Tang Chinese.|Yes that is a expensive chinese place located in the centre. Did you need the address or phone number?
Can you book me a table for 6 on Friday at 11:45?|Your table for six on Friday is reserved, and your confirmation number is FZ5B6DZ5.
Thank you so much for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.|Glad to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
I need to take a train on Tuesday. I want to visit somewhere I haven't been before.|That sounds like fun! Will you be departing from Cambridge or somewhere else?
I need to depart cambridge and head to the stansted airport and arrive by 12:15|There are several options for you, leaving hourly. The TR7293 leaves at 11:40 and arrives at 12:08. Would you like me to book that for you, or perhaps an earlier one?
That sounds great.  Can you book 4 seats for me?|Sure. I have done so and your confirmation number is VOONS2E2.
I am also interested in places to go in town centre.  Can you offer me some ideas?|There are numerous options available. Were you looking for free attractions? There are some great free museums.
Sure, a museum sounds good, which one would you recommend?|I just love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. They're in the city centre and have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. I will check it out, thanks.|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, goodbye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your trip.
Hello, are there any moderate catalan restaurants in town?|I am sorry my database is showing none in the area
How about Italian food, than?|I have found several. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|Prezzo in the west offers moderately priced Italian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds good.  Can you book the table for 7 people on Tuesday at 16:15?  I also need a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 11:30.|Your reservation with Prezzo was successful and your reference number is ILWV6LDN. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. What is your destination for the train?
I'll be going to peterborough on wednesday.|The first train to leave after 11:30 on Tuesday is the TR4344, which departs at 11:34 and arrives at 12:24. Would that one do?
Sounds perfect.  I need seven tickets please.|OK, I have your tickets booked, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: KYI5FPOG. Can I get you anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Let us know if we can help you further. Good day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What area would you like to stay? And do you have a pricerange?
i would like to stay in the north and looking for something with 4 stars|Do you need internet or parking?
I do need parking. Is there anything available?|Yes, there are 7 hotels available. I'd recommend the acorn guest house. Would you like a room?
book for 4 people and 4 nights from wednsday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UN9VHM37.  Anything else I can help you with today?
I am also am looking for a train that goes to kings lynn.  I need to arrive by 12:30.  Can you help me book a train?|Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge on Friday.|TR3947 leaves cambridge at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58.  Would that work for you?
What is price for a ticket and I also need the travel time.|The cost is 9.80 pounds and the total travel time is 47 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been very helpful.  I have all of the information I need for now.  Thanks so much, bye.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.
Would you happen to have any expensive Creative restaurants?|I'm sorry, I haven't found anything. Are there other cuisines you're interested in?
I would like Chinese food.|There are several options for Chinese.  What area of town will you be in?
Any part of town is good. I need a booking for two people on Saturday at 16:45.|I've booked you a table at Yu Garden on Saturday at 16:45. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please can you send that.|The reference number is W6V1M6MM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a train to stansted airport by 11:00|I can help you find a train to Stansted airport by 11:00. Where will you be departing from and will that be on Saturday?
Sunday, and I will be departing Cambridge.|Great the TR8208 can get you there by 10:08
That's great. Can you book that train for 2 people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QMYCRLDH.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
I am looking for a place to visit in the centre of town.|Okay. My computer shows forty-four attractions in the centre of town. Can you give me some more details so we can narrow the search?
No matter can you just recommend one?|Of course, I would recommend the All Saints Church. What would like to know about it?
I need the phone number and postcode.|I'd be happy to provide you that information.  The address is jesus lane and the postcode is cb58bs.  Is ther anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the phone number as well?|The phone number is 01223452587.
I also need a train leaving from cambridge on monday.|Where will you go to ?
I will be travelling to Leicester.|TR8631 cost 37.80 pounds
I am looking for a train.|Sure thing. Could you tell me where you're departing from, where you're arriving, and when you'd like to travel by train?
I need to leave on Thursday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I am heading to the Stansted Airport, just myself, and I need to leave after 17:00. Go ahead and book it and give me the reference number.|I have booked your train. 10.1 GBP is payable at the station and the reference number is VPHSFWC9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes they have. Thank you!|It has been my pleasure! Don't hesitate to contact us again if you require any additional assistance.
I'd like a train to London Kings Cross to arrive by 21:15.|Sure, which day would you like to travel?
I am travelling on Thursday and going to Cambridge.|Might I suggest train TR6595 leaving Cambridge at 19:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 19:51. Would that work for you?
Yes, that does work.  Could you book it for 1 person please?|Okay, I went ahead and reserved your ticket for Train ID TR6595. The cost will be 23.6 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is GKTT3OTZ.
That's everything I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you find a hotel named Worth House for me? Thanks.|Sure, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?|Yes, they have free wifi. Do you need anything else?
I would also like a train that leaves on Tuesday and arrive by 14:30.|There are many trains moving on Tuesday, can I get your preferred point of departure and arrival?
I will be going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|There are multiple trains leaving that match your request. When is the earliest you would want to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:30 I don't have a preference on departing time.|TR2771 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would this one work for you?
Hello, I'd like some information on a train today.|Sure thing! What is your point of departure and where would you be heading to?
I would like to depart on Saturday from Stevenage and arrive in Cambridge by 15:30.|What time are you looking to leave?
11 pm would be a time I need to leave|Okay, we have one leaving at 13:54 on Saturday, TR6607. Do you need any more information? Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please! I'd like 4 tickets on that train.|Reference number is : JUMNQW3V. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the address of a restaurant, taj tandoori.|It's located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, cb17aa. Would you like a reservation?
What area of town is that in?|it is located in the south.
That would be all for today.|Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I need assistance finding a train departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.|We have quite a few options available to you. Is there a particular day you are looking to travel?
I'm leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday. What's available then?|I have four, what time would you prefer to arrive by?
It doesn't matter.|TR0945 leaves on tuesday at 17:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also tell me how much it is & what time it arrives?|Okay, I have booked the 17:00 train for you. The arrival time is 17:51. Your reference number is FGAHEJD9 and the price is 23.60 pounds.
I am also looking for a particular attraction. The name of the place is Lynne Strover Gallery. Can you give me the address and fee?|Lynne Strover Gallery's address is 23 high street, fen ditton, entrance is free. Can I do anything else for you today?
May I have the postal code for the Gallery as well please?|Yes, it's cb30aq. Is there anything else I can tell you about it? Or something else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Thank you! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train to peterborough.|OK, and what day and time are you looking for?
I am looking to go from cambridge to peterborough and leave after 14:15|There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day you prefer?
I'll be traveling on Tuesday.|Great. You can leave as soon as 14:34 or as late as 23:24. Do you have a preference?
I will take the 14:34. Can you book that for 4 people and provide me with a reference number please?|Yes certainly. I have you booked and your reference number is 8CRQIYB0.
Thank you so much! Goodbye!|Have a great day!
Hello can you help me find a place to stay, such as a hotel? Also it needs to be at a reasonable price with free parking.|Yes, I can help with that! There are guesthouses and one hotel available with the amenities that you require. What area would you like to stay in?
Do any of the options have two stars?|Unfortunately none of the options has two stars, would you like to change the search criteria?
Any star is fine.|I would recommend the autumn house, a 4 star guesthouse in the east. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Is that in the moderate price range?|It is actually in the cheap price range. Would you like something in the moderate price range instead?
Yes please.  I actually do need a 2 star rating too.|Ok, the ashley hotel is in the north with a moderate price range. Two stars. Would you like me to book you rooms?
Sure it'll be for 5 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|You are booked, the reference number is H1UWXXBY, are there any further questions?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday. I will be departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge.|Trains leave birmingham new street every hours starting at 05:40. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive?
Yes I need to arrive by 19:45.|The first train leaves at 5:40, is that too early?
How long is the train trip? I just need to arrive by 19:45|The train ride is 163 minutes, I can book you on the TR4631 which leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23.
Sure. Please book it for 5 people and provide me the reference number.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is D3EMA14P
That will be all, thanks for your help.|Have a nice day.
I need a train going to london kings cross.|Sure, no problem. The first train leaves at 05:00 the last at 13:00
I would like a train that leaves after 12:15 on Monday.|There are trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 13:00.
Can you book me 8 tickets on the 13:00 train?|Okay, I have booked 8 tickets on TR6110. Leaves from Cambridge at 13:00, arriving in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Your reference number is GOOH50QG. Total fee is 188.8GBP.
Thanks, could you also tell me about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology?|You can find that museum at university of cambridge, downing street, and it's free to enter. Do you need more information?
Yes, I need their phone number as well.|Sure, their number is 01223333516.
What's the entrance fee as well?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with.
that is all for now.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Have a great day as well.  Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need info on trains.  I am coming from Birmingham New St.|I can find you quite a few trains for your trip. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be leaving on a Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 17:30.|TR4887 leaves at 05:40
Great can you book that for one person?|Done and done! Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : Q649D1SU.
Thanks!  Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?|I'd be glad to. We have 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free to visit, such as Christ's College over on Saint Andrew's Street.
I have heard of Christ's College. Is there a more detailed address? I would also like their phone number, please.|I only have an address of St. Andrew's Street, but the phone number is 01223334900 if you would like to call them. Anything else I can help with?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you.  Good bye.|Enjoy your visit to cambridge and gave a good day.
Where can I find a swimming pool in the north of town?|I have two swimming pools listed north of town. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and the Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Is there an entrance fee?  Can I get their phone number please.|I am unsure if there is an entrance fee but their phone number is 01223353248, I'm sure they will be able to tell you of any entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes, I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge on wednesday.  I would like to leave after 17:15 and my destination is stansted airport.|I have train TR8893 that leaves at 17:40 and arrives at the airport by 18:08. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. Please secure passage for 8 people on the TR8893.|Okay, the booking was successful. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is W2NAQGIF. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I would like to find a train going to Norwich.|Sure, I have a lot of options for you. What time do you need to arrive by? And on which day.
Thursday, leave after 21:15. Depart from cambridge.|The TR9937 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, for 2 people.|Yes the booking was successful and your reference number is YHNS4EJ1.
i also want a place to go in the north side of town|Do you want an attraction or a restaurant?
An attraction please. Something in the north please.|What kind of attraction interests you? You can choose from boat, swimmingpool and park
Whatever you recommend. I just need the name, number, post code and entrance fee.|Milton Country Park is a beautiful place. Phone number 01223420060, postcode cb46az and it is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I only needed that.|Glad I could help you today thanks for using our service.
I need an expensive restaurant that serves Persian food in the town center.|We do not have any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to broaden your searcH?
Are there any Persian restaurants in the area? The west side would be best.|No I am sorry another perhaps?
Ok, how about some Indian restaurant in the west then?|The India House fills those requirements. Would you like any information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
May I please have their address, post code, and phone number? Thank you.|Sure, the India House is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham, cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223461661. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that should go to Ely and apart from Cambridge|Do you have a day and time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 19:45 on Thursday.|The first train to leave after 19:45 leaves at 19:50.  Would you like me to book that for you?
First, what's the train ID?|That trainID is TR7979.
Okay Thank you. That is all I need.|Awesome. Glad we could help!
Yes, I was wondering if you could assist me with finding a train for Thursday.|No problem. We have 404 such entries. Where will you be departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving from stansted airport and heading to cambridge. I need to get there by 19:30.|The latest train you can take is the 18:24 train out of stansted, which arrives in cambridge at 18:52. Would you like took book a seat?
No, but could you give me the train ID, departure time, and travel time of that train?|Certainly, the train ID is TR5433 and it departs at 18:24.  The total travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be a four star that includes wi-fi.|We have 21 hotels of that type. Is there a location or price range you would prefer?
Actually, I'd like the hotel to include free parking if possible, but it doesn't need to have free wifi. I'd like to stay on the north end of town.|Would you like to stay at the worth house? It's a guesthouse in the north, in the cheap price range, has 4 stars, wifi and parking.
Is that in the north? It sounds like what I'm looking for if it's in that area.|I have 4 Guesthouses in the North area. They each are 4 stars, include FREE parking, and WIFI. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I need of for seven people starting today and lasting five nights.|The Acorn guesthouse is able to accommodate you. Your reference number is 7RVELIR8.
Thanks for you're help! That'll be all.|Goodbye, have a good day.
I want to take a train to Cambridge on Friday, what's available?|I found 202 trains. What is your departure station?
I would like the departure station to be broxbourne.|I have a train leaving that station at 09:32 and arriving at 10:32, if that's acceptable?
No, I need something that gets there by 9:45.|I have train TR3005 that arrives at 09:32,would that be good for you?
Yes, I need the reference number.   I am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable italian.|There are two restaurants that are Italian, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, and Franky and Bennys.  The reference number for your train is  0EG8EWWR.
Pick one of those. I need it for the same amount of people at 17:15 on the same day.|I'm sorry, both of those restaurants are fully booked for the time requested. May I check another restaurant for you?
Okay. Can you find another Italian restaurant?|There are many italian restaurants not in the south of town, do you have another area preference?
Not really. Please make a recommendation.|There is a Pizza Express that is in the Centre area. It is in the moderate category. Would you like me to try to book that?
Yes. It will just me at 17:15 on Friday.|I was able to book it, the reference number is PPXQDNOM.
Terrific.  I appreciate your help.  Good bye!|You're welcome! Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
what is a good tourist spot?|We have a wide variety of restaurant choices! The options range from Asian Oriental, European, and French. I can give you information on any of those choices if you want.
Actually, I was looking for italian food in the moderate price range.|There are 5 such restaurants. What area of town would you like?
It really doesn't matter.|There are 5 restaurants that fit your criteria, 4 of those appear to be pizza places. Does that sound okay with you?
Go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on Sunday at 14:15. Thanks.|I'm very sorry that time is not available at any of the 5 restaurants, would you like to try a little earlier or later possibly?
Is 13:15 available?|Booking was successful for the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Your reference number is ZYOHEW6U.
I am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on sunday.|I have several trains available. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive?
I'm looking to get to Cambridge on Sunday by 10:45|There is one that arrives by 9:58 TR1526 if that works for you.
Yes. Could you make a booking for 2 people? I need a reference number as well.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is E9GWV6VS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great that's all I needed, thanks.|Lovely. Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday from Stevenage. Can you help me locate one?|There is a train that leaves stevenage at 05:54 a.m on Wednesday and arrives in cambridge at 06:43 a.m.
That would work for me.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you please and send me a reference number? Thank you|Okay, your ticket has been booked! Would you like the reference number?
Yes I would please. Thanks.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RD07CL03.
Could you give me the train ID, too?|The Train ID is TR9448. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern eclectic food.|Unfortunately, there are no restaurants matching your query. Shall we try a different food type perhaps?
What about a Chinese Restaurant?|There are 10 in the area. Which price range would you like to narrow the results down to?
I'm not really concerned with price.  Which would you suggest?|I would recommend the rice house, would you like reservations?
I just need the address, price range, and the postcode.|Rice house is cheap. The postcode is cb12bd and address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Anything more today?
Um are there any chinese places to eat in that area? I want to keep my options open.|The only one in the area is called Rice House.
Cool, I will go with that, no need ot book a reservation, Ill do it later, that is everything.|Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I get the address to the Rice House?|Sure. The address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Is that all for you today?
What is the price range on that? And also the post code?|Rice house is cheap. The post code is cb12bd.
Thanks, I'm all set now. Have a good day!|You're welcome.  Have a great day!
Hi I would like to find a place to stay that has a guesthouse and free parking.|Which day would you like the reservation to start?
Can you tell me the hotels that meet that criteria first? I need a 4-star guesthouse with parking.|Acorn Guest House has all the criteria you need. Would you like me to book that?
Book it for 4 people staying for 2 nights and give me the reference number.|I would be happy to do that. I just need to know what day you would like your reservation to start.
monday, please|Your booking was successful for 4 people at the Acorn Guest House, staying 2 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is : DB9SPLT7. Is there anything else I can do today?
Also on Monday I am looking for a train destined for Cambridge. I need to depart at 21:00 from the Stevenage.|It looks like there are only trains on Friday and Saturday from Stevenage. Would another day do?
Before we continue, I need the reference number for my hotel booking.|Reference number is : DB9SPLT7.
So is there any train on Monday?|There are two. One leaving at 21:54 and the other leaving at 23:54.
Are there any trains from stevenage to cambridge on Monday leaving at 21:00? That is what I'd prefer.|The closest train would be TR1699 departing Stevenage at 21:54 arriving Cambridge 22:43. The ticket would be 12.80 GBP. Shall I book this for you?
I suppose, please give me a price and train ID.|The train id is TR1699 and the price is 12.80 pounds. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
One ticket, please.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all for today. Thank You!|1 ticket for train ID TR1699 from stevenage to cambridge at 21:54 has been booked. Your reference number is W6J8TUAC. Have a nice day.
Please find me some information about the mutliple sports in the centre|We only have one multiple sports complex but it is in the east, are you interested in that, or do you want another search in the centre?
No, I need to stay in the centre. Are there any parks there?|Okay! You can try Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street. It is in the Centre part of town, and the admission fee is 4 Pounds.
Great! What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223336265.
I also need a train departing from cambridge to arrive by 21:15|Ok. I can help with train info. Whata is your destination?
The destination is peterborough.|how about TR9859? it leaves at 05:06
Sounds good, please book me for four people and can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 2WXSC5I1. Will that be all?
That is all I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I need a train going from Stevenage to Cambridge.|There are several trains available. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 09:00.|TR5737 will arrive in cambridge Tuesday by 8:43, will this suit your needs?
Yes. Can I also please have the departure time and travel time for this trip?|Departure time for TR5737 is 07:54 and duration is 49 minutes.
Yes thank you. That is all.|Okay great. glad I could be of assistance today.
I am looking for places to go in town, preferably a nightclub.|There are 5 nightclubs in the center of town and one in the south part of town. Which area do you prefer?
You can pick for me. I just need the phone number, address.|The ballare is fun. It is in the centre. The phone number is 01223364222 and address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a train to Ely that would arrive by 11:30.|We've got several trains going to Ely, do you have a specific day you want to leave?
i want to leave on sunday|I have train #TR3854 leaving cambridge to ely, at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to book that train?
How long is the train ride itself?|The train ride is 17 minutes.
Ok thank you for the prompt response. That's all I needed.|I hope you enjoy your time here!
Hey trying to locate a train that would leave on Wednesday and arrive in Cambridge.|There are many options. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from Bishops Stortford.|There are ten different trains to choose from. Do you have a specific time in mind?
I need to arrive by 15:15 and will need to book for 5 people.|Unfortunately no train matches you request. Would you like a different day and time?
What other days are there?|Sorry, I don't see any days for your search.
Maybe I confused you.  Sorry.  I need to leave Bishops Stortford on Wednesday, and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|the TR4226 arrives at 14:07, would you like me to book 5 tickets for you?
Yes, please. May I get the reference number?|Your train has been booked. The total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is OWNJ1GL8.  Can I be of further assistance?
Please find a concerthall in the west for me.|The only concerthall in Cambridge is The Man on the Moon, located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, just the entrance fee, postcode and phone number.|Their phone number is 01223474144 and postcode is cb12lf.  Unfortunately there is no info on the entrance fee.
That's ok. I'll call for it. Thanks again. Bye for now.|Thanks and have a great day. Goodbye.
I was hoping to dine at a korean restaurant while in Cambridge.|We have a Korean restaurant at 108 Regent St. City center, would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?|The price range of Little Seoul, the Korean restaurant, is expensive.
Is that in the centre area? If so I'd like a reservation for 7 on Friday please.|Yes Little Seoul is in the centre area, what time would you like for your reservation?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|Sure. What time would you like your reservation?
Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at 15:45?|I sure can.  I have your table booked.
what is the reference number?|Your reference number is A5LITXVZ and they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Will you be needing other assistance?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:30 and should leave on Monday.|Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am departing from Cambridge and need to get to Norwich.|The closest train to your departure time is at 13:36 for train number TR3325. Do you want that booking?
When i I get to Cambridge I need to know where to find a restaurant called frankie and bennys.|Frankie and Bennys is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.
Ok I need to book a reservation for 3 people at 18:00 on Tuesday, I will need a reference number as well.|Okay you're all ready to go for Tuesday at 18:00. Your reference number is V6R6J5J2. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train that leaves from Leicester on Tuesday also.|I have 6 trains leaving after your reservation starting on the :09 of the hour from 19:09 to 23:09. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need a train bound to Cambrige that arrives by 13:45.|The latest train we have leaving from Cambridge to Leicester leaves at 11:09 on Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 12:54. Departure times begin at 5:09 and occur every hour.
The 11:09 train would be fine. I need 3 tickets and a reference number, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E1IVJM0G.
Great thank you for your help you have been great to deal with.|Thank you so much. greatly appreciated.'
Thank you for your help.|Have a great day.
I'm travelling to cambridge and I need a train leaving after 16:15.|Can you please give me your departure location?
I am leaving from Peterborough.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|The TR0017 train leaves Peterborough at 16:48. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Is there one a little earlier? I'd actually like to leave closer to 13:15.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No just to leave after 13:15.|then train ID TR4679 suits you. it leaves at 13:19
I'd like to book for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y3MAVYRQ.
Thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the north with a moderate price range?  Any type of food will do.|There are two restaurants. They serve either chinese or indian type food. What do you like?
Oooh. I like both of those. Which would you recommend?|I think you will have a great time picking a dish at the nirala which serves indian.
Okay, thanks! Can you please give me the postcode and address?|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41uy. How else can I help you today?
That's all the help I need for today, thank you.|Have a nice day.
I'd like to find a train that leaves after 17:00 on Saturday.|Absolutely, I need departure and destination information and a time you need to arrive by.
I'll be departing from Broxbourne and I'd like to go to Cambridge.|I have 7 available. The first leaves at 17:32, and arrives at 18:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not looking to book at the moment, can I just get the train ID? Thanks!|Of course! TR0811 leaves at 17:32, arrives at 18:32, with a duration of 60 minutes. The price is 14.32 pounds. May I assist you with anything else?
That is all I need for today. thank you. Goodbye.|Okay glad I could help. Enjoy your trip.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.|I'm going to need a bit more information.  What day would you be traveling?  Would you be traveling to Cambridge?
I'll be traveling on Monday, and yes, I'm going to Cambridge.|I have 19 trains traveling on Monday, do you have a time you would like?
arrive by 09:30 and should go to cambridge and I need nthe price|There is one that leaves at 05:11 that costs 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not right now, but can you find me a gastropub restaurant in the centre of town?|There's three different gastropub restaurants in the centre of town, 2 expensive and 1 moderately priced one. Do you have any preferences?
I would like an expensive price range.|Okay. May I recommend the The Slug and Lettuce which is expensive and good?
Sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 6 at 15:00 on the same day I'm traveling?|Done! Your reference number is W8BBWE42. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. I think that's all I needed. Goodbye.|No thank you that will be all
I need an information on a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday, please.|I would be happy to help find a train for you. Can you tell me what your destination is?
I should arrive at birmingham new street after 18:15|There is a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on wednesday, leaving at  23:01 and arriving at 01:44.
What is the train ID?|That train ID is TR7013.
Thank you! What is an expensive restaurant that serves British food close by?|I have several. Would you prefer it be in the West or the Centre?
The centre, please.|The cambridge chop house is available, would you like to try that?
I think I would.  Can you give me their phone number, postcode, and address, please?|Phone number is 01223359506  Postcode is cb21sj Address is 1 Kings Parade
Thank you for your help.|The pleasure is all mine!
Yes, I would like a train ticket for Sunday. I'm going to London Kings Cross.|Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge, and I need to get to kings cross by 10:00.|The TR3207 leaves at 07:00 and arrives at 07:51.  Would you like that one?
That sounds good. Please book it for 6 people and can I have the reference number?|Train TR3207 is booked for 6 people. The reference number is BAAL6J4H and the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you. That's everything I needed.|Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge, the train should depart after 21:45?|Hi, train TR4210 leaves fiday at 22:11.  Would you like me to book it?
I need to leave on Saturday from London Kings Cross. Is there a train leaving after 21:45 that fits my needs?|I have train TR8830 that will be leaving London Kings Cross at 23:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 24:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, how much would that cost total?|It is 18.88 pounds per ticket. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Just one ticket please and thank you|Your ticket has been reserved. Total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number ZM5K0A4Q. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on saturday for 4 nights, please?|Thank you so much for reserving my train ticket. I have the information for Autumn House you requested. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes. I need the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is DTKW11YU
That is all I needed today, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train going to Birmingham New Street.|I can help!  What day are you looking to travel?
I need to leave on Thursday.|We've got about 19 trains for that route. Do you have a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave on Saturday and leave after 10:45. Could you give me the travel time?|The duration is 163 mins.Do i need to book something for you?
Yes i'd also like parks I can go to.|We have 5 great parks in town. My favorite is the Botanic Gardens in the center. It's well worth the 4-pound entrance fee.
Okay Could I have their telephone number please?|The phone number is 01223336265.
Thanks for the park info. In review, I don't see a train ID departing from Cambridge after 10:45. Do you have it?|TR5669 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at  birmingham new street at 13:44. May I help with anything else?
I am looking for a park, can you help me with that?|Is there an area you prefer?
I do not have a preference on a side of town.|I would recommend the cherry hinton water play on the east. It is also free admission.
Sorry, how long is the travel time on the train?|It is 163 minutes
Can you also tell me about some parks that I could visit?|May I suggest cherry hinton water play, since it will be warm out. It's located in the east.
Thanks. Can you please give me its address?|Their address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Good day.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.|TR5725	From London kings cross to Cambridge	Wednesday leaving at 05:17. Does that work for you?
It really needs to depart from Norwich so I can arrive by 13:15|Certainly, you can leave Norwich Wednesday at 10:16 and arrive by 11:35, or leave at 11:16 and arrive by 12:35. Which would you like?
I'll take 5 tickets on the 11:16, please. Any may I have the reference number?|I was able to book that. The reference number is BY848B54. 88 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's cheap.|There are fifteen cheap locations in the centre of town, do you know what kind of food you're looking for?
Nah, I'm not picky. Surprise me. I will need a phone number, address, and postcode, though.|Alright, lets give Zizzi Cambridge a shot, their phone number is 01223365599, their postcode is cb21ab, and their address is 47-53 Regent Street.
Great thank you I think I have all I need|You are welcome. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for information.  Can you help me with a train?|Sure.  Can I get some more information?  Where were you wanting to go to?
I would be leaving Cambridge and heading to Peterborough on Tuesday.|Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive in Peterborough by 13:45.  How long is the train ride?|The train ride is 50 minutes long. TR6310 leaves at 12:34 and arrives at 13:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thanks. No need to book at this time. Can you tell me about a hotel called the Avalon?|It is a moderately priced hotel on the north.
Sounds great.  How many stars it that?  And can I have the phone number?|The Avalon is a 4 star guest house. The phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes please make the reservation.|You need to tell me how many people are staying at what days.
I'm actually going to call the hotel before I make the reservation.  I think you for your time.  Have a nice day.|Is there anything else I can help you with ?
I am craving Turkish food in the centre. Is there a restaurant available?|I have pulled up 3. How about anatolia, they are moderately priced.
Sounds great. Can I get their location and phone number?|Sure thing! It is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223362372
Can you make a reservation for 6 people at 12:15 on wednesday?|I am so sorry nothing available for any of the turkish restaurants for that day & time slot. Something else perhaps?
Can you try booking it for 11:15?|I was able to fulfill your request.  You are booked at Anatolia on Wednesday at 11:15.  The reservation is for 6 people.  How else may I help you?
Can I have the reference number please?|The reference number is  G7THDK3O.  Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, please. I need a train to Leicester on Thursday, please. I need to get there by 16:15.|If you are leaving from cambridge I can book you on TR1755 leaving at 09:21 and arriving at 11:06.  Will this work for you?
That works for me. Go ahead and book it.|Done - your reference number is GJ3062PE. The total fee is 37.79 GPB which you can pay at the station.
Thank you. You've been very helpful.|Will there be anything else you need?
Can I get the travel time in minutes please?|Yes, it's 105 minutes total. Would you like anything else?
I think that is all for now! Thanks again.  Have a great day!|You're welcome. You have a great day as well!
I'm looking for a train that leaves Cambridge on Sunday.|Alright. What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.|I have TR7423 that leaves at 05:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would you like me to book this?
what time in minutes does the journey take?|The trip takes a total of 51 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for places in the centre of the town to visit for architecture. Do you have any suggestions?|There are several. The churches are very nice, I especially like Holy Trinity Church. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
Sure that works. What's the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee at Holy Trinity Church.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. goodbye!|Have a lovely day!
I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.|I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by 12:30.|I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.|Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.
Okay can I book that for 2 people for 5 nights from Tuesday.|Absolutely! I've got you booked under reference number QF965O6O. What else can I help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great - have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a restaurant called The Nirala. Can you tell me where it is?|It's located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you please book a table for 2 at 14:45 on Wednesday|You're all set! Your reference number is QMY8NA1T. Do you need anything else?
I need a train from Cambridge as well.|Sure! What is your destination?
I am going to london kings cross on saturday|I have a train that leaves at 5:00 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train needs to arrive by 16:45|Okay there are 6 trains that match. Shall I complete a booking?
Yes as close to 16:45 as possible, book for 2 people please|Would you like me to book the 15:51 train?
What time does the 15:51 train arrive?|It leaves at 15:00 and gets there at 15:51, sorry for any confusion.
Yes please book that train for me.|I have booked tickets for 2 people, and your reference number is UBY652ER. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, that's all for now.|thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!
I want to leave for Cambridge by train on Wednesday.|Okay, where are you departing from?
I'll be coming from london kings cross|When do you want to leave London Kings Cross?
i will leave on wednesday|how about TR5725 that leaves at 05:17?
That will work. Will you please book it for 5 people?|It is booked and your reference number is EKDNFGB7. Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!|You are more than welcome!
I am looking for a reasonably priced pizza place. Can you help?|There is pizza hut in the south. They are in the moderate price range
That sounds nice. Can you please book a table for 2 at 16:30 on Friday?|Alright, you're all set! Your reference number is: OYG60EP0.
Great! Thank you so much!|Do you need help with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.|When would you like to travel?
I need to be in Cambridge by 10:15 on Friday.|Where are you leaving from and on what day?
Friday. I do not have a leaving from time. I just want to be there by 10:15.|Sorry, maybe I missed it. What station are you traveling from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford|train id TR2083 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07. will that suit you?
yes please. 2 tickets|I was able to book two tickets to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford. Your total is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is CGH0R0AS.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you. I am glad I could be of help.
I need a train to norwich on Sunday.|The TR3370 will take you to norwich.  Do you need a ticket?
yes if it leave after 19:30. thanks|I am sorry that os not leaving at the correct time but I have train TR9083 leaving at 19:55.
cool, thanks dude|Do you want tickets?
No, I don't need to book now. On the other hand, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of city.|Well I have many things to do such as architecture visits or museums or theaters. Anything sound intriguing to you?
Yes I would like to go to a college.|There are 13 to choose from. Might I suggest the Pembroke College. They have free entrance and are located on Trumpington Street.
Can I have the postcode?|The post code is cb21rf. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, can I also get the phone number for Pembroke College?|The number is 01223338100.
Thank you! That will be all for today!|You're welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a train leaving after 12:15 on friday?|Sure, what's the departure and destination.
from broxbourne to cambridge|The TR3158 meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the arrival time? I'll also need the travel time and train ID.|The arrival time is 13:32. The train ID is TR3158. And the travel time for this route is 60 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi.|There are 8 hotels available with internet and parking. What price range and area of the city are you interested in?
I want to to have a 4 star rating & be a guesthouse. It can be in any area of the town.|There are 16 options available.  Can I narrow it down for you by price range?
The price doesn't matter. Is there one that you would recommend?|I would recommend the Allenbell which is in the center and cheap. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please, for 3 people.  We'll need 3 nights starting Friday.  Can you please give me the reference number once it's booked?|Your room has been booked. Reference number is 77BQDD6I.
Great, you have been very helpful today.  Thanks. That is all I need.  Bye.|It's my pleasure.  Have a good day.
I'm looking for a train on Saturday that will take me into cambridge.|Where will you depart from?
I will be departing from norwich.|There are 19 trains do you have a time you'd like to travel?
Yes I need to arrive by 20:00.|I have one arriving at 19:35. It leaves Norwich at 18:16. Does that work?
Sure, they are normally on time. Could you book that for 2 people please?|Certainly. I have booked you on the 18:16 arriving at 19:35 for 2 people. your reference number is C4O2XOZA. Will that be all?
Yes, thanks for your help!|It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day.
I am going on a trip to Cambridge and I would like a train leaving Wednesday around noon.|Sure. There are many options. Where would you be departing from? And do your prefer an arrival time?
it should depart from cambridge and arrive by 08:15|Ok great!  So that I can narrow down our results, can you tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes, I am going to peterborough.|TR3730 will arrive by 07:56, would that work for you?
Yes, for four please.|I was able to book you 4 tickets for that train. Your reference number is FD20AHTB. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I'd like some information on a particular attraction called Little Saint Mary's Church.|Sure!  Little Saint Mary's Church is in the centre of the city on Little Saint Mary's Lane.  The phone number is 01223366202. It has free admission.
Thats perfect and what is the entrance fee ?|There isn't an entrance fee for Little Saint Mary's Church. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hes, can you provide me the postcode please?|The postcode for Little Saint Mary's Church is cb21qy.
And what type of attraction is it?|It is an architecture type attraction renowned for it's stained glass windows.  Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been very helpful.  Thank you.  Goodbye|Glad to help. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I want a train that is leaving from cambridge.|Sure, I can definitely help you with that.  When were you wanting to depart?
I'm not sure. How long is the train ride? I would like to arrive by 13:45.|TR5154 TAKES  88 minutes and leaves 05: 59. is that fine with you?
Is there another train on Monday that would get me to Kings Lynn closer to 13:45?|The TR7430 arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58. It is 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
All I needed was the info on travel times, can you also help me find an attraction called Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is a college located in western Cambridge. It's located on herschel road. Do you need anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
I need to find a train that leaves peterborough on friday.|sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge and I'd like to leave at or a little after 09:00, if possible.|I have the tr1393 which leaves the station at 09:19, how many tickets would you like?
I need 4 tickets. What is the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MU3UYQCK.
I'm also looking to eat at a restaurant called graffiti.|Graffiti is an excellent choice! It's an expensive British restaurant on the west side. Would you like a table there?
No thanks, I just need the address please.|There address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road postcode cb30lx. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am looking for the address for graffiti|Their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
Is there anything fun to do in the centre?|I can recommend any of 44 options for you in the centre area, what would you consider to be a day of fun?
I'd like to go the the theatre and then maybe out for a drink.|Okay, how about the ADC theatre on Park Street?
get me their post code. i also need a train|The postcode is cb58as.
Can you look up info for a train ticket? I need to leave cambridge and go to stansted airport thursday at 20:00|I tsounds like to needed to arrive by 20:00 right?   If so, TR5476 will get you there by 19:08.
I'm sorry for the confusion. I actually need to leave after 20:00. Do any trains run on that schedule?|how about TR9751? it leaves at 23:40
Please book me two tickets and send me the reference number. Thank you|Reference number is : 17XBF5X5. Is there anything else?
What is the arrival time, and travel time please?|You'll arrive at Stansted Airport at 24:08. Total travel time is 28 minutes.
Great! That is all that I needed to know. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all for today.|Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
greate day to youu too|have yourself a safe journey.
Thanks. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Again, thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap place with free wifi. What are my options?|There are 10 cheap places that include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
No particular area, but I'd like it to be a guesthouse.|I have 9 potential guesthouses for you to chose from. How about the Allenbell on the east side?
I need to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday. Can you give me a reference number?|I have booked Allenbell for yourself and two additional guests for five days. The reference number is N625QW6Q. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a train for Monday.|Where will you be departing from and where will you be arriving?
I need to go to London Kings Cross from Cambridge.|I have 10 trains leaving on that day. Do you have a time of arrival or departure please?
I would like to leave after 19:00, other than that, I have no other preference. Please provide me with the train ID of one of these trains.|TR2634 leaves at 21:00 and arrives by 21:51. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that will work. Thank you for your help!|How many people will be in your party on the train?
Sorry, I'm actually not interested in a booking today, I just needed a train ID. I think that will be all!|Glad to help! Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross.|There are 70 trains departing, what is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday by 17:00.|Of course. When would you like to leave?
It does not matter as long as I am in Cambridge by 17:00.|Sure, train TR0269 arrives by 16:08. That is the last train to arrive by 17:00. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the train for 4 people.|That booking reference will be F6JIDI3M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Okay.  Glad we could help.
I'm looking for moderately priced rooms. I'm willing to pay for parking, though.|What area of town are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Is there anything available?|Well, we have three hotels, the Ashley, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge, as well as fifteen guesthouses. Would you like to know about any of them?
No I diffidently want a hotel.  Ashley sounds good can I book a stay on Thursday?|Sure, how many people and how many days do you want to stay?
I need 3 people for 5 nights starting thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3UJ7212U.
I also need a train leaving the same day as hotel|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London kings cross. I need to be in Cambridge by 15:45.|There is a 13:17 that would arrive by 14:08.  Would that work?
That's perfect! Please make a booking for 3 and provide the reference number once you're done. Thanks!|Your reservation for 3 tickets on the TR2512 train at 23.60 person was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 1MKW1ZCT.
Thanks for all your help! That will be all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
I need to book a train for 18:45 that leaves Cambridge.|What is your final destination?
Norwich is my final destination.|Do you have a day in mind?
I will be traveling on Friday.|I have a train that leaves on Friday at 19:36 and arrives in norwich at 20:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, I wasn't very clear before. I apologize. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 18:45.|TR4990 departs Norwich at 17:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:35. Will that work for you?
Yes, I think it will.  How long is the trip and how much will it cost me?|How many tickets will you need?
just the one|Okay, you're booked with reference number 3LOQWXPK. Trip duration is 79 minutes, and the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to dine. Should be in the west and preferably in the expensive range.|I can look that up for you.  Do you desire a particular type of restaurant?
Steakhouse please.|Unfortunately there are no steakhouses any where in the city at any price point.  Do you have another type of food to search for?
Yes, could you see if there is one that serves british food instead?|I would recommend Travellers Rest.  It is on the west side and it is expensive.
Could I please have the address and postal code?|The zip code is cb30df, while the address is Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was it thank you very much.|You're welcome, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thanks, you to.  Good bye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good day.
Can you help me find a very cheap restaurant in the north?|I have two restaurants that would meet your requirements. I have an indian restaurant or an italian restaurant. Which do you prefer?
Lets go with the italian restaurant!|Perfect! It is called Da vinci pizzeria and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Sounds great. Book me there for 12:45 on sunday for 5 people.|I suppose since they don't do Sunday reservation, switch to Saturday.
What other options are there for Italian food?  Maybe I could go for a moderate price or.|All I have in that price range is chinese,and indian.
Can you find me a cheap Italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 5 people at 12:45 on sunday?|I have made your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 12:45 at da vinci pizzeria and your reference number is KC6B0PKU.
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and is leaving on monday.|Alright, there are quite a few. When would you like to leave?
I need to get to Ely by 17:30.|Train TR9310 will get you there by 17:24 and is your best option.  Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for TR9310?|16.50 pounds, should i book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll just take care of it at the station. You've been a big help.|I'm glad to have been of service to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No.  Thanks for all of your help though.|Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for contacting us.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on monday after 16:15.  Any suggestions?|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and headed to Ely.|There is a train to Ely that leaves at 17:50 on Monday. Would you like me to book it?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time.|Sure the train id is TR4294 and the arrival time is 18:07.
I am also looking for a guesthouse with a rating of 4 stars.|I have several guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Is there a particular area you'd like to be in?
It does not matter but I  would like free parking.|What price range would you like?
Price range is not important, just the four stars.|What area of town would you like?
As long as it has free parking, that's all I really need. Can you recommend one and tell me a little about it?|I have 5 guesthouses with free parking. I recommend the Acorn Guest House in 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da.
Does it have free internet?|Yes, it has free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just the area and postcode please.|it is in the north area and the post code is cb41da. would you like to make a booking?
No, thanks. I'm not ready to book at this time.|Can i help you with anything else today?
Nope. That's all. Goodbye.|Thank for calling today.  Goodbye!
i am looking for a train. The train should go to broxbourne and should leave on sunday|Yes there are several trains available.  What is your departure site and arrival and departure times.
I'd like to leave from Cambridge to arrive at Broxbourne by 10:45.|TR2941 arrives at 10:01.
Could I get the price, departure time and train ID?|Yes, train TR2941, departing Cambridge at 9:01 will cost 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great. I also need a moderate hotel in the south.|There are no results matching your request. Would another location be okay, or perhaps a different price range?
Can you suggest something with free wifi and a 3 star rating? I'm open to less expensive price ranges.|There is the lensfield hotel but it is in the expensive price range, would you like me to try another area?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|Would a guesthouse be ok? I have a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the south with wifi.
I think I'd prefer a hotel.  I need it for 3 people, 2 nights starting Friday.  I need a reference number please.|I am sorry but there are no moderately priced 3 star hotels. Could we try another search?
There are no moderate 3 star hotels in the whole of London?|There are several in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I need a moderate priced room in the South. Hotel, or guesthouse.|bridge guest house is popular this time of year and would suit those needs. Can I book you a room?
Please book me a room, I would like the reference number.|Your reference number is T921UTQK.  What else can I do for you today?
Nothing else. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Bye.|good bye and have a great day
Hi, I need a train the is heading towards birmingham new street.|Train TR9678 from Cambridge to Brimingham New Street departs Friday at 05:01 and arrives 07:44. Is this acceptable or do you need a different time?
yes its ok with me|it will cost 75.10 pounds. can i book?
Actually I need one that leaves after 21:00 on Thursday, sorry.|Did you have a certain time that you would like to leave after or arrive by?
No, just as long as it leaves after 21:00 on thursday.|Train TR9209 leaves at 21:01 is this okay?
Yes. Can I have the arrival time and price, please?|It will arrive at 23:44 and the cost is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks can you also give me the entrance fee and phone for a fun boating attraction? I don't care what area it's in.|I don't have entrance fee information, but you could try Camboats. Their phone number is 01223902112. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any boating attractions that do list their entrance fees? I want to make sure I have enough cash with me when I arrive.|Not, I don't. There are four boating attractions and I have no information on their entrance fees. You already have the phone number for Camboats. Perhaps you could call them?
ok that's all i need thanks|Thank you, have a good day
I need to find a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|Where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross.|There are 10 trains that fit your criteria. Do you have a leave at or arrive by time preference?
It needs to leave after 14:30. I need a booking for 2 people.|I have a train that will leave at 15:17 and arrive in cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works for me. I need the reference number.|I was able to successfully book your tickets.  The reference number is 02BPMPU4 and the total is 37.76 GBP which is payable at the station.
Thank you! Could you also suggest a museum to visit in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the city centre. Are you interested in art, antiques, technology, archaeology, science?
Perhaps one without an entry fee?|Castle Galleries is located in the Centre and has free admission.
That sounds perfect.  Can you please give me the phone number, address, and postcode?|The phone number for Castle Galleries is 01223307402, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and the postal code is cb23bj.
Thank you so much for your help!|No problem, is there anything else you'll be needing from me?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure helping you with your planning today. I hope you have a great trip. Good bye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|sure, what information do you need?
I am going to be attending college soon and want to browse one of the campuses while I am in the area.|well we have quite a few what area please
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.|Sure. There are 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free, but some have a small entrance fee. Would you like a list or a recommendation?
Yes, that would be great! And if you could give me the entrance fee that would be great too.|Well they are almost all free and located in the city center. I would recommend Christ's College for one.
Okay can I have the address and phone number?|The address is saint Andrew's street, and the phone is 01223334900. Can I assist with anything else?
I also am looking for a train on wednesday leaving peterborough.|Did you have a destination or time in mind?
Yes.  I am going to Peterborough.|I'd like to confirm that you want a train leaving Cambridge and arriving at Peterborough.
Yes, that's right. It should leave after 8:00. Book for 4 people.|I will be booking your tickets for train TR7413. It will leave at 8:06 and arrive at 08:56. The total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Reference #VAFLR9OD.
Thanks so much for your help today!|You are quite welcome, we are happy to help.  Is there anything further that you need assistance with today?
No that is it. Thank you very much.|Have a great time!
What museums are in Cambridge?  I am asking "for a friend".|There are 23 museums in Cambridge, so it would be a bit much to list them all. Can you give me a specific area to look in?
I'm not too particular on the location. Do you have any that you recommend?|Sure. I suggest the Cambridge Artworks. It's in the east section of the city, and is free. Would you like any more information?
That sounds good. Can you give me the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode for the cambridge artworks is cb13ef
Thank you. I also need info on a train. It should go to Birmingham new street and leave on Monday.|how about TR9195? it leaves at 0501
That sounds great, can you get me 6 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PEY94A3O. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Ok. Thank you and good bye.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need to find a place to stay.|Not a problem. We have 33 places to choose from. Do you have any preferences?
I need someplace cheap near the center of town. Free wifi and free parking are a must.|There are two places that fit your criteria. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Which are you interested in?
Let's book El Shaddai for 4 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.  Can you please send me the reference number?|Your reference number is QLYJQKTY.
I will also need a train departing from Cambridge.|I will need more information to be able to help you find the correct train, where are you headed?
I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross that arrives by 8:30.|I have two trains. One arrives by 5:51 and 7:51, shall I book one for you?
No, that's OK. Can I get the latter train's ID, departure time, and how long the trip is?|The TrainID is TR3343. It departs Cambridge at 7:00 and arrives at London Kings Cross at 7:51. The trip duration is 51 minutes.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I need. Thank you for all of your help.|You are welcome. Have a great trip!
Hello, can you help me find a train going to London Kings Cross?|Sure! What day are you planning on leaving?
On Monday, from Cambridge.|What time would you like to depart. I have anything from 5:00 to 23:00
I'd like to leave after 15:45, please.|TR7786 will leave at 17:00, would that work for you?
Can I get the travel time for that as well?|The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I want a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre, please.|I wasn't able to find a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre of time. Would you like me to try a different type of food?
Yes, please. Is there a restaurant with Indian food?|There are 3 restaurants that match what you're looking for, would you like me to book one for you?
I'll take whichever one you recommend. I just need the phone number, postcode & address please.|I would recommend the Ghandi.  They are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223353942, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I apologize but can you give me the arrival time for train TR7786?|Sure I can. The arrival time for that train is 17:51. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything I need. Thank you very much.|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for an Indian restaurant that is in a cheap price range|There are 4 such restaurants, 3 in the centre and 1 in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 13:45 on Friday. Please forward me the reference number once it is booked.|Booking was successful at Kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : MP6JC0PA.
Excellent. I'm also looking to depart from birmingham new street by train the same day as the restaurant. Is that possible?|I have 10 trains departing after the time of your reservation leaving on the :40 of the hour starting at 14:40 to 23:40. Would you like me to book one?
Are those going to cambridge? Because I really really need to arrive by 10:45.|There are 5 departing on that day by the restaurant with you arriving by 10:45. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
yes please book two tickets and I need my reference number as well.|Great, I was able to get you two tickets, your reference number is: F4SQSPAE and are payable at the station. Anything else today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful! And have a wonderful day!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a train that will be leaving on Sunday going to Peterborough.|There are 38 trains, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to get there by 21:30.|There are 32 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday departing from cambridge.  The closest arrival time is 21:24, would you like to book a seat?
Yes, for 1 person please, and give me the reference number.|Your trainID TR9733 has been booked to leave at 12:34.  Than you.
I also need a room in Peterborough.|There are many results for hotels and guesthouses, could you be more specific on what price range you are looking for and what part of town?
I would like to stay at the El Shaddai. I would like to book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Unfortunately I was not able to book the hotel for then.  Would you like to book another day or consider shortening your stay?
Is it possible to book this reservation for 2 nights?|Indeed it is! I just booked you for two nights, ref num: IC0RATQI. Do you need anything else today?
That's all.  Thank you very much.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a nightclub to go to while I am in Cambridge. Can you give me information on any?|Yes, there are six clubs in Centre, Cambridge. Each location charges a 4-5 pound entrance fee. Do you have transportation?
Yes, I would like a taxi.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you. What are your departure and arrival sites, and what time do you need transportation?
Actually, I need to find a college.|Sure!  There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest emmanuel or downing college, both have free entrance fees.  Would you still like to book the taxi?
Yes, that is good. But I really need a train to Cambridge, leaving after 12:15.|What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne on Friday.|How about a 12:32 on Friday that will arrive by 13:32?
That will work can you get me a ticket for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3I6DQ4C.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|Thank you for choosing us for your booking needs. Havea great day.
I want to go to a theater in the east part of town. Can you help me find some?|I'm sorry, but there aren't any theatres  in the east.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
Oh darn. Well how about something in the type of swimmingpool on the east side?|There's the abbey pool and astroturf pitc. Their phone number is 01223902088.
Please give me their address and postcode.|The address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road.  Postcode  	cb58nt
is there an entrance fee?|I'm sorry, I am not able to see their entrance fee.  I'm sure if you call them, they will be happy to assist you.  Is there anything else?
I need a train to go to London Liverpool Street.|okay, what day and time would you like to travel? Also, where are you departing from?
I'm leaving on Monday and would like to arrive by 21:15. I will be departing from Cambridge.|TR7092 leaves London at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27.  Will that work for you?
that should be fine. please make a booking for one person.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is I7F5ZKJA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|You're welcome! Have a great time!
Where is the Abbey Pool and Astroturf pitch?|Is it in the east side of town.
What is the entrance fee and the address?|The fees charged by this venue fluctuate based on time of year so we do not have them, the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Okay, thanks.  I am need some assistance booking a train for Monday.|I'd be happy to help with that! What are your departure and destination locations? And do you have a prefered time of day you'd like to travel?
I need to leave on monday and should depart from leicester and going to cambridge.|What time will your departure be?
I will be leaving at 17:00.|TR2078 leaves Leicester at 17:09 and costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.  Do you need me to book some seats for you?
No, that is okay.|Can I help with anything else today?
That is all, thanks for your help.|im glad i was able to help. have a good day
I want a restaurant in the centre of town.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes, French food.|Cote is a French Restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes!  I need at table for 6 at 18:30 Wednesday.|Here is your reference number 6HUYUYGS is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need to find a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel?
Thursday morning at 9 am|Train TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
yes please. make a booking fr the same number of people.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FZ6DQHQT. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today.|welcome any day you want to know something
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you find what you are looking for.
Thank you! Can you help me find a train to Norwich, please?|Yes if you can tell me where you will leaving from and what day and time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday at 9 PM.|Train 2662 leaves Cambridge at 21:36 and arrives in Norwich at 22:55.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I need the train to arrive by 21:00.  Is there one at that time?|May I recommend the TR9246 train arriving at 20:55
yes book that for 3 people please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8L54O12B.
I am now looking to dine at mahal of cambridge|Would you like more info or for me to book it?
what kind of food do they serve and how expensive is it?|It is a cheap Indian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
No. I think that is all.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually, I would like to book a table at that restaurant.|On what day would you like a reservation?
Come to think of it, I won't need a reservation. That will be all for today. Thanks for your help!|No worries we are here if you need us, have a nice day.
Great. I'll call back if I need anything. Goodbye.|My pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.|There are 12 places to stay in the north with free internet. Do you have a price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|all i have is guesthouses when were you planning your stay?
That's perfect, I was looking for a guesthouse. I'm still planning. Could you just give me the postcode for now?|acorn guest house with zip code cb41da will be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guest house and of moderate price.
Do they have free parking?|I will check to see if the acorn has free parking now.
I need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave on tuesday.|There are several trains that may suit your needs. Do you have a particular destination in mind?
I would like one going to Kings Lynn and should arrive by 11:00|My last train of the day for Kings Lynn is TR7548 which departs at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's fine, thank you! That's all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
it has been my pleasure.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, I am also looking for an attraction in the town centre. Can you locate anything architectural?|The Holy Trinity Church on Market Street is a great attraction that meets your needs. Does that sound good?
I'm hoping to find a place to eat.|Do you have any food type preferences?
I would like to eat international food.|I have 3 restaurants serving this type of food.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I would like moderate pricing.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the moderate range.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to pick a restaurant in the north.|There is no listing in the North,do you want to try a different area?
Can you tell me what theatres are in cambridge please?|We have four theatre's  in the centre of town and one theatre on the south side. Do you have a preference on location?
I'm interested in the one on the south side of town. Please provide me their postcode and phone number.|Phone number is 01223511511, and postcode is cb17gx
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving for cambridge from leicester that would get me there by 11:30?|Several, do you have a day you're interested in travelling on?
Yes I'd like to travel on Friday.|There are 5 trains that fit your needs. May I book one of them for you?
Sure, for 8 people please.|TR4170 leaves leicester at 9:09 and arrives in cambridge on Friday at 10:54. 8 tickets are booked, reference #: CL4V2583. Do you need further help?
No, that is it, thanks!|Your welcome, have a great day
I need a train into cambridge leaving after 20:30, please.|I have 259 trains travelling to Cambridge, could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day/time?
I'm leaving London Liverpool Street on Sunday after 20:30.|There are 2 trains one leaves at 21:39 and one at 23:39
There are none closer to a 20:30 departure?|The only other train for that route leaves at 21:39 and arrives in Cambridge by 23:07. That is train TR4890. Would that suit you better?
That works. What is the price on that? And how long is the ride?|Price is 13.28 pounds and the ride is 88 minutes. Shall I get you some tickets?
No, I'm not ready to book yet.  Thanks for your help.  I am all set.|You're very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.|You have a great day and thank you for using our services.
Hi. I'm looking for a Hungarian restaurant in Cambridge that is moderately priced. Can you help me?|I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in Cambridge.  Can I find a different type of restaurant for you?
Hmm, well maybe british food if you have anything.|I have found several British restaurants. Do you have any other criteria?
No can you recommend one?|If you ask me, the Oak Bistro is the place to go. They are in the centre of town and are moderately priced but the food is delicious.
That sounds great. Can you reserve us a table? We're a party of 3 and would like to eat at 16:15 on Wednesday.|I'm not able to make a reservation at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 15:15. Also Im looking for a train that should arrive by 10:00 and depart from Kings Lynn.|I was able to successfully reserve your table for 15:15. Your reference number is TA9U3QQC. For the train, what day would you be traveling?
I am traveling on Wednesday, the same as for the restaurant.|I have train TR1612 that arrives in Cambridge at 09:58.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?  How many seats will you need?
I need 3 seats same for the restaurant as well.|Ok great, can you please confirm the desired destination?
I need to go to Cambridge.|There are 5 trains that match your request, would you like me to book one of them?
Any of those would be fine. Thank you. For 3 people and can I have the reference number?|Sorry for the misinformation, I must have typo'd. The TR8044 leaves Kings Lynn 09:11, arrives Cambridge 09:58. I've booked you 3 seats, total 29.4GBP, payable at the station. Ref#WYQ30HTP.
OK, thanks, that's what I needed.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks so much.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello, a friend recommend I try out Camboats while I'm in town. Can you tell me more about it?|camboats is a boat in the east.  Do you need a phone number?
Yes, please, and also the address.|The phone number for Camboats is 01223902112 and the address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me the entrance fee?|I'm sorry. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. I'm not sure if they have one or not.
Okay, don't worry about it. Just please find me a train that arrives in cambridge by 13:30|TR5219 leaves from london kings cross at 05:17 	arriving at Cambridge on Friday at 06:08. Would you like me to book a seat?
you didn't even ask where i'm leaving. or what time. you're not very helpful "Help Desk"|I think there was a bad connection or a line crossed on that last sentence.   I have the arrival time as 13:30, I just need the day.
I will be traveling on Thursday.|I have a train on Thursday that arrives by 12:08. Will that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need tickets for 7 people.|Done! The total is 165.20 Pounds, payable at the station. Your reference number is 1AGJWGQ4. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need right now. Goodbye.|I am glad to help you.  Have a good day.
I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 202 trains leaving Cambridge on Thursday. Would you like to narrow your search by destination and time?
I am going to the stansted airport and I need to arrive by 21:30.|When are you leaving?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on Thursday, and I need to depart from Cambridge.|I have 16 train departures fitting your preferences. They leave every :40 of the hour starting at 5:40 to 20:40, would you like me to book one of these?
Can I please have one at 19:40. I will get there by 21:30 correct?|Yes, the 19:40 train will arrive at 20:08. How many tickets would you like?
I don't need tickets at the moment, but I do need the price and train ID for that 19:40 departure, please.|The train id for that is TR9030 and the price is 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else you'd like help with today?
I'm also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called Frankie and Benny's.|I was able to find it, what information would you like on it?
Can you tell me the postcode, food type, and the price range?|Frankie and Bennys serves italian food in the expensive price range, and their postcode is cb17dy. Would you like assistance in making a reservation?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here any time you need to get around Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.|On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.|I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?|Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay on the south.|Okay! There are three. What price range would you like? I can book you at a moderately-priced or cheap guesthouse.
Is there a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking?|No, all three have parking and internet.
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from wednesday|Okay, I have you booked at the Bridge Guest House.  Your reservation number is KMYQSG7Z.  Can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train from norwich to cambridge.|There are several choices.  The ride is about 79 minutes long.  Can I make a reservation for you?
I am not sure. Do you have one leaving after 9:15 on sunday?|I have several, is there an arrival time you prefer?
No, I do not have a specific arrival time.|Okay, how about TR0996, leaving at 09:16 and arriving by 10:35?
Okay. That sounds good. Can you tell me more about a restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.|stazione restaurant and coffee bar	italian is in centre area. it is expensive. their telephone number is	01223352607, code	cb23njand is located inMarket Hill City Centre.
Can you book a table for 5 people at 17:45 for Stazione, please?|Sure.  Can you confirm the day you would like the booking?
Yes.  I need that booking for Sunday.|I have you booked and your confirmation number is PUQ990A7.  Can I help you further?
I think that is all I needed today. Thank you!|Have a great day!
What kind of attractions are available in the centre?|There is the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street. It is free to get in.
Are there any places that have multiple sports?|Sorry there are no listings for multiple sports,can I check in another area?
How about any that are about architecture?|There are several.  I like Old Schools on Trinity Lane.  Great place to see.
Could I get the address please?|The address of Old Schools is Trinity Lane in the centre. Would you like more info?
Yes, may I have the phone number and postcode? Also, is there an entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223332320 and the entrance fee is free. The post code is cb21tt.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
I'd like some help finding a train leaving peterborough on tuesday.|Absolutely, do you want to leave or arrive by a certain time?
Leave after 10:15, please.|Unfortunately, there are no trains that leave after 10:15.
Okay what are the available train times?|i have booked you one leaving at 10.19.
OK, is it going to Cambridge?  Can I have the reference number please?|there seems to be a break down in communication. Please restate the departure and arrival locations and the day and time.
I need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday, leaving after 10:15.|I have train TR1674 leaving at 10:48 and arriving at 11:38. Would you like to book tickets?
I need to book for one person, I will need the reference number. Also, I need to book a hotel called Caroline Bed and Breakfast, I need the address.|Okay. Your train booking was successful. You'll owe 16.5 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is X58GNQ74.
Can you look up a hotel called Carolina bed and breakfast?|I have it right here
Well, thats great.  That means you should be able to give me the address|The address is 138 perne road. Would you like to book a room?
No, I just need the address. Thank you.|it is 138 perne road.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, have a wonderful day. Let us know if we can help in any way.
Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?|Yes, I can certainly help you with that. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in? And do you have a price range in mind?
I want to stay in Cambridge and I need a cheap hotel.|I have about 10 options of cheaper rooms. Most are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
I prefer a hotel.  Preferably one with free parking.|Is there a particular side of town you prefer?
I would like to be in the center.|The hotel is located in the west. Would you like a guesthouse instead?
After rethinking some things, I actually would like an expensive hotel in the centre.  I'd still like free parking as well.  Are any available?|I have two. Would you prefer 3 or four stars?
Hi! I need a train to Leicester. I want to leave after 14:45.|No problem. What day will that be for?
For Thursday please and I want to go to Cambridge.|TR939 leaves cambridge and goes to leicester at 15:21 would that work for you?
Actually I need a train leaving leicester going to Cambridge. Not the reverse.|I'm sorry.  Yes, train TR1575 will arrive in Cambridge by 16:54. It leaves Leicester at 15:09.  Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number, if possible.|You got it, 5 tickets were booked, reference number is 2YCGD64V.
Thank you for your help.|No problem.  Glad to be of assistance.
Wow, I cant believe that I got a person this quickly. I need a train to cambridge.  I want to get there buy tuesday at 12:30.|I'm happy to help. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross.|Train TR7850 arrives at 12:08, but that there are trains arriving earlier. Which one could you rather take?
I would like to take this train. Thank you.|Reference number is : UKTVT9CY. the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Awesome. Could you also help me find a restaurant in the centre?|There are 69 choices to select from. Can you narrow it down to the type of food and price range? I can then search again for you
it should be in the moderate price range.|What type of food do you like?
American food and I need a booking for same group|The only one I find with American food is in the expensive range, it's the gourmet burger kitchen. Is this something you would be interested or would you prefer something else?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range in the Centre. Is there anything that meets that criteria?|I can recommend the oak bistro in the centre of town, they have british food, and are in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like a table for one person at 20:30 on tuesday|I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a table at 19:30? Can you reserve that please?|I apologize but that doesn't seem to be available either. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Yes if there are any more options, why don't you try and suggest on for me, which ones do you like?|We do have openings at the oak bistro if you are interested. It is located in centre with moderate price range.
Yes I would like a reservation for one at 19:30|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZAIQ7NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help today. Thank you. Goodbye.|Okay, I am glad to have assisted you. Goodbye.
I need a train going to Cambridge that'll leave after 12:15.|what day of the week do you want to travel
Trusday, I need to leave by the london liverpool street station.|The TR3257 leaves at 13:39 for 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes.  Also, what will be the arrival time?  And, what is the train ID?  Thanks so much!|The train is number TR3257. It arrives in cambridge at 15:07. How many tickets would you like?
i am, Also  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should be in the moderate price range|We have 11 places to stay in the north. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel? And do you need internet or parking?
I'd prefer a guesthouse. A 4 star one, if possible.|There are 7 guesthouses available in the north that are moderately prices and four stars. Would you like to book one of these rooms?
Do any have both free parking and internet? If so, I'll need their phone number.|The limehouse meets your needs including internet and wifi, shall I book you or provide more info?
Can I have their phone number, please?|Sure, it is 01223300552
No, that is all I need. Thank you!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thanks, that will be all.|It was a pleasure to help today. Have a good afternoon. Bye.
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.|On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.|I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?|Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|What area are you looking to stay in?
I am looking for places to go in town.|We have many options to choose from, is there a particular type of place you are interested in seeing?
Somewhere in the Centre, entertainment.|There aren't any attractions of that type in the Centre unfortunately, do you have an alternative preference?
I could also go to a college instead.|What about Christ's college? it's free to get in.
Can you give me the address for Christ's college please?|Sure, it is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu.  Admission is free.  Can I be of further help today?
Yes, I need a train coming from Ely on Friday.|There are 10 trains fitting your criteria. Do you a time preference on arrival or departure?
Yes, it will need to leave after 12:30. I'll just book it for one person to cambridge.|Train ID TR9236 leaves at 13:35 and arrives in Ely at 13:52.  Would you be interested in booking that option?
Yes. I need to book for one.|Okay, your reference number is 1A7ZKZ7F. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I need to find a train that leaves Cambridge after 08:15.|Ok, I have many trains meeting that criteria. What day would you be traveling and what is your destination?
I'm looking to travel on Friday from cambridge to peterborough, please.|There are 31 options available. The first leaves at 8:34 and arrives in Peterborough at 9:24. Does that work for you?
Sure. Can you please tell me the price?|The total price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you. There's one more thing. I have a few hours to unwind while I am in town. What type of attractions are available?|There are so many! Did you want something near the centre? I have Museums, cinemas and parks!
I am looking for a Cinema in the west. Is one available in the area? If not, how about a Museum in the same area?|There are actually 7 museums in the west. I highly recommend Cambridge Book and Print Gallery. Would you like the postcode and address?
Could I just get the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223694264
Okay, thanks so much for your help. Goodbye!|You're welcome, thanks for contacting us. Text back any time!
I am in the centre of town and I need somewhere to go.|There are 44 attractions near you, can you narrow down what you would like to see? A museum perhaps?
Anything is fine. Send me to your favorite place in the city, just be sure to give me the postcode.|The Man on the Moon concert hall is my favorite. Their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel, and at what time?
I'm going Monday and need to leave after 08:00.|There are 8 trains, TR2987 leaves at 9:35 if you'd like that.
That would be fine. What is the price?|4.40 pounds. would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I will go ahead and book later. I think that's all the information I need for today.|All right, then. Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with a star of 0 and it needs free wifi.|There are 3 hotels that meet that criteria. Would city centre north b and b work for you?
Yes. Does it have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is that a guesthouse in the north? If so, I need to book it for 5 people 3 nights starting Tuesday, and I'll need a reference number.|There is one guesthouse called City Centre North B and B, your reservation is all booked, your reference number is 7QYC93WT.
Thank you. I would also like to check the train schedule for Friday.|Sure.  Where will you be departing from and arriving at?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge and going to Norwich on Friday.|Trains from Cambridge to Norwich leave 36 minutes after the hour, every hour. The duration is 79 minutes, and the price is 17.6GBP. Would you like to book a ticket?
Can I get the train ID for the one you mentioned please?|I'm apologize but before I can provide a train number I need to know what time you would like to depart.
Any time after 20:45 is just fine with me. I'll just need the train ID - no booking today.|TR0625 departs friday from cambridge at 21:36. Do you need any other information?
Could you tell me the price of the train please?|Yes, the cost is 17.60 pounds. Do you want to book it?
Could you please tell me the travel time for that?|Of course, the travel time is roughly 79 minutes.
Ok, that's good. I would like to book that train please|OK, how many tickets do you need?
I don't need a ticket. I just needed to know. That'll be everything!|Thank you, goodbye.
I am interested in attractions located in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the center area could you be more specific as to what you'd like to see?
I would like to see an art museum and know the entrance fee.|the broughton house gallery museum offers free admission.
That's great I'm also looking for a train to go to broxbourne and it should leave after 12:45|What day do you need the train for?
I need the train for wednesday.|What is your departure site and arrival time?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge; arrival time isn't important. I just need to leave after 12:45.|Okay, how about the TR6167 leaving at 13:01 and arriving by 14:01 with a duration of 60 minutes? The price is 17.90 pounds. Will you be traveling alone or with guests?
I need to book a ticket for 5 people and get a reference number|Your reference number is LUOBDJXL
Thank you so much for your help! That's all I needed!|Have a great day!
You as well, thanks!|Thanks again, goodbye!
I need a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge.|Where are you coming from?
leaving birmingham new st going back to cambridge I would let to get there by 11:30 if possible|TR4987 gets there 10:08 and will cost 23.60 pounds. can i book it?
Yes, can you book it for 2 people and could I get the reference number?|I actually booked you on TR0254, arriving in Cambridge at 08:23.  Reference number is : OEV193OS. 150.19 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much.  I also need a place to stay while in Cambridge.  Could you help me find a room please?|I can help you with that. Is there a certain price range you are looking to stay in?
no, but could it have a 4 star rating?|We have lots of those!  Any features that you prefer?
any that has free wifi|You have 21 options to choose from. Would you like to narrow it down by location?
Whatever is open and available, please book me for 2 people on 4 night starting tuesday.|I booked a and b guest house, reference number is : K0FKUFNP.
Thanks! That's all I need for now!|i am glad to be of service to you. i wish a nice trip and wonderful stay at Cambridge. Goodbye
I'm trying to find a restaurant by the name of ali baba. Can you help me out?|Sure!  Ali Baba is at 59 Hills Road City Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Six people at 14:00 on Monday.|Ok, your reservation is all set.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is UXY6QBZY.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.  Yeah, I'm also looking for find a train out of Cambridge that will arrive by 11:15.|great, what is your destination?
My destination is the Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|I have 6 trains available departures starting 05:40 to 10:40.  What time would you like to leave?
Can you just give me the departure time of the one that gets me to Stansted a little before 11:15?|There is one that arrives by 11:08 and it departs at 10:40. Would you like to book that?
No. That's all I needed to know, thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|Yes, I found a few restaurants. What area would you like to eat in?
I would like it to be in the East and it should be cheap|There is one restaurant that matches your request. It is called The Missing Sock and is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Do you want their phone number?
I need to book a table for 6 on Sunday at 19:15 please, and can I get the reference number?|I was able to successfully place that reservation for 6 on Sunday at 19:15 under reference number XOOQ0N5D. The table is reserved for 15 minutes. Will this be all?
I need to find a train to get to the restaurant. I want to arrive by 16:30.|Where will you  be departing from?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and going to cambridge.|I have a train from London King's Cross to Cambridge that arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. What do you know about it?|Yes The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves gastropub type of food, is moderate in price and is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
I would like to book a table there for 1 person on Sunday at 19:00. And could I please have the reference number?|Sure!  The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OKV392YK.
I also need a training leaving on the same day I booked the restaurant for.|What is your destination?
I am traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge.  Need to be there by 15:15.|what will be your departure time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15, so if you could find the train closest to that arrival please.|TR7864 will be the closest to that arrival, it arrives at 15:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please get me 1 ticket and then tell me the reference number|Your booking was successful and you will pay 13.2 GBP at the station. Your reference number is EHCN9BOG.
No, that is all I need today. Thanks!|Alright, no problem! Enjoy your visit!
Please assist me in finding a train going to leicester from cambridge.|Okay. What day would you like to travel?
I will be traveling on thursday.|I have 19 trains going from Cambridge to Leicester on Thursday. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would love to leave after 12:15 please.|There are no trains that leave after 12:15.
Okay, do you have any other suggestions?|I believe that the TR0822 leaving 12:15 would be great for you. Should I make a booking for you?
I also need a place to stay in the north area.|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
It don't matter as long as it is cheap. I need it for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday|I was able to book you a room for 2 at city centre north b and b, the reference number is 57F4S22N. Do you need any more assistance?
No, that's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the assistance!|Okay great! Glad I could help.
Can you help me find a hotel called Limehouse? Thanks.|Limehouse phone number is 01223300552. Would like you to make a reservation?
Yes book for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IV8NUJOU. anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.|Thanks for letting me assist you.  Have a great day!
I need a train to leave from cambridge after 15:30.|Ok, lets get you set up, where are you going and on what day?
I will be leaving on saturday and going to london liverpool street.|I would recommend TR4859 which leaves Cambridge at 15:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27.
That sounds fine. Can you reserve 6 tickets for me please?|You're all booked.  TR4859 for 6 people will be 79.67 GBP.  Your reference number is CTETVS75.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum|There are 23 museums in cambridge.  Are you  interested in a particular type of  one in a certain part of town?
Not really.  Pick the best one for me!|I am very partial to the Cambridge Artworks museum located at 5 greens road and admission is free. Does that sound good?
That sounds great! What area and can I get the postcode?|It is located in the east and the postal code is cb13ef.
Great, thanks, that's all I need!|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|There are lots of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or certain kind of food that sounds good?
Expensive price range is fine|There are plenty of options.  Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Not really. I am just looking for a good local restaurant.|I recommend cambridge lodge restaurant it's located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I need you to tell me the date and time for the reservation, and how many people will be attending.
I need a table for 2 people at 17:45 on Sunday please.|Cambridge Lodge Rest is a nice place,would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a train.|Alright, where will you be leaving from, or where are you heading?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from stansted airport.|Alright, I have many options for you depending on the day of the week or times you wish to travel. Do you have a preference?
leaves at 1900hrs, arrives on sunday and booked fir one person.get me the reference number too|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 70MPLUW8.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you goodbye
I need some information. on a train to london liverpool street arriving by 13:00.|Yes I have 28 entries  with that destination arriving at various times Monday thru Sunday
I'm leaving on Sunday from Cambridge, is there anything available?|I have the TR7187 that will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me.|For how many people?
Hold on a moment. Can I first make a restaurant booking?|Yes, we can do that after we finish with your train booking. How many people do you need tickets for?
I don't need to book it yet. What's the departure and travel times for the train?|TR7187 departs from Cambridge at 23:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 01:27. Do you want me to book that for you or move on to restaurant assistance?
I really dislike math, can you just let me know the trip duration if you have it in front of you?|Sure. The trip is 88 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, and then lets work on the restaurant.|How many tickets would you like?
I don't want to book the train right now. Could you find me a restaurant in centre that serves swedish food?|There appear to be none in the area. Any other types of food you are interested in?
Is there British food in the centre in the moderate price range?|There are four restaurants that serve british food. I recommend Cotto for you. Their address is  183 East Road City Centre
What's the postcode with that?|The postcode is cb11bg.  Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.|Have a nice day!
I need a good place to eat dinner.  I Like Italian, what do you suggest?|Sure! There are plenty of options. Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
I do not have a preference in price.|I can suggest the pizza express in the centre. Would you like more information on that?
Please make a booking for a table of 2 at 16:15 on Thursday and provide the reference number. I also need to look for a train.|I booked you a table for 2 for Thursday at 16:15 at the Pizza Express. Your reference number is 6PXRDIHG. Now let me help you with the train
Great.  I will be leaving London Kings Cross and want to get to Cambridge by 11:45 the day I eat at the restaurant.|I have a 9:17 train that will get you into Cambridge by 10:08.
Okay, may I please have the travel time and price?|The travel time is 51 minutes and the per ticket price is 23.60GBP.
Thank you so much, I will book later.   Have a great day, you have been helpful.|feel free to contact us again should you need more assistance. goodbye.
Hi, could you tell me if Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is still open?|Yes, but I am unable to make a booking for you.  Would you like to do anything else?
That's fine, could you give me the address for the gallery please?|The address is 49 newnham road, is there anything else I could do for you?
Yes, I also need to find a train leaving from cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Absolutely, where would you like to go?
I would like to go to london liverpool street on Thursday. I would like to leave after 16:00.|There are 4 trains that run during that period, do you have a preference for your arrival time?
Just any time leaving after 16:00, and I need tickets for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IG0M4C9S.
Great! I think that is all I need. I appreciate your help today.|Glad I could help you. Have a nice day.
Thank you! You have a nice day as well.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you as well, goodbye.|Goodbye to you as well. I hope you have a wonderful day.
Yes, I'm only looking for information right now.  Can you help me with a train?|Of course. Where are you traveling from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross and want to arrive in Cambridge.|There are lots of choices for those locations. What day and time will you be traveling?
Wednesday after 13:15 would be great.|I have 6 trains leaving between 13:17 and 23:17.  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
I don't need to book. I just need the train ID, travel time and arrival time for the 13:17 train.|Those would be TR0922, 51 minutes, and 14:08. How else may I help you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay that is moderately priced, in the east, and with internet included|There are three 4 star guesthouses in the east part of town.  They are all moderately priced. Can i book one for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.|No problem. I have booked your reservation at A & B Guesthouse. The reference number is 8WQV1V9H. Can I help you with anything else?
That'a all I need for today.  Thanks!|Have a safe trip.
Hi there.  I'm looking for a particular hotel called the A and B Guest House.|I have the places info here, what may I help you with?
I need to book the hotel for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday.|Okay, you've been booked! Your reference number is GPU1Z9PM.
OK, thank you! I am also looking for a train for monday that leaves after 10:15, could you help me with that?|Yes, there are a lot of options. Do you know what station you'd like to travel in to or out of?
From Cambridge to Kings Lynn please.|TR3566 is the first train leaving cambridge to kings lynn on monday. it departs at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58. How amny tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.|That would be 19.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 7XTP6M2A. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you. That will be everything I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for an attraction with a boat.|I can help with that! I've pulled up several locations. Would you like the location in the east, north, or centre?
What about the south side of town? Are there any there?|No, I'm sorry, there are no boat attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another part of the city? Or maybe a different type of attraction?
How about a cinema?|I have the cineworld cinema located in the south at cambridge leisure park on clifton way.  The phone number is 00872208000.
Great, thank you.  I am also needing to book a train for a Sunday departure after 16:30.  Can you help me with that?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I will need to know where will you be departing/arriving?
I am going to Norwich from Cambridge|TR2974 will leave at 17:16 and arrive by 18:35. Would you like to make a reservation?
no that is enough for now. thanks for helping|Thank you for letting us help you today.
Hi! I'm looking to visit a museum. Are there any in the west part of town?|There are two different museum which are cambridge and county folk museum and museum of classical archaeology. Which one would you like information for?
Can I get information on the County Folk Museum? Specifically the phone number and postcode.|Phone number is 01223355159 and postcode is cb30aq.
Thank you! Can you also find me a train going to Cambridge?|I can definitely help you with that!  Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn sometime after 19:30.|Sure, there are 28 trains available, do you have a specific day in mind to leave?
Yes.  I'd like to travel on Friday.|The first train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Friday after 19:30 is the TR1082. It leaves Kings Lynn at 20:11. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, what time does it arrive in Cambridge?|It will arrive at 20:58
awesome! thank you so much!|Would you like me to book you a ticket on that train?
Nah that won't be necessary.|Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today. Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day!
Hello, can you tell me about some colleges in town?|There are 18 colleges to choose from. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
I'm looking for college attractions in the cambridge area|Pembroke college is available would you like to visit that?
Yes please. What area is that in?|It is located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I would like to book a train for cambridge on tuesday|There are many options to choose from.  Can you give me the departure city and departure/arrival times?
I'll be departing from london liverpool street, and I'd like to arrive by 18:45.|I can get you a train that arrives at 17:07. Would you like to book that?
Yes for five people please.|Your booking is all set! Your reference number is 5WATWCJJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that's everything for now. Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to arrive by 19:30.|We have the TR9933 train arriving at 18:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
That train is leaving from Cambridge on Sunday, correct?|With your new criteria, that train won't work anymore, but there are other options. What is your preferred departure time?
The departure time is of no concern, but I need to arrive on sunday in ely at 19:30 please.|TR2475 arrives in Ely at 08:07. Would you like any more information about this route or assistance booking a ticket?
Great. I need it booked for 6 people and could you give me the reference number. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town.|Your train is booked for 6 people.  The total fee is 21.12 GBP, which is payable at the station. Anything else I can help with?
I also am looking for an attraction to go to in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions available, do you have a preference to the type of location?
Yes, in the centre of town.|Are you most interested in free attractions?
That would be fine. What is the name and address of one of those attractions?|Castle Galleries is a museum in the centre of town that has free admission.
Please give me their address|Sure, the address of Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Great, thanks. That's all I need.|It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I wanted to travel to kings lynn. Do you have a train leaving on monday?|there are 19 trains available. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 11:00 if possible please.|TR1854 Arrives at 10:58. TR1163 arrives at 09:58.
That would work can I get 7 tickets please?|Sure! Just to clarify, would you prefer the TR1854 train or the TR1163 train?
any will be fine with me.|TR1163, your booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GFGRNXJT. Will there be anything else today?
I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.|To help narrow it down, do you have an area or price range you prefer?
It should be in the moderate price range. Does that help?|In that case I recommend the acorn guest house. They have 4 stars and are in the north side of town with parking and internet for you
That sounds great!  Can you please book it for me starting on Thursday?  I will need the reference number please.|The Reference number is : 0Q276EHV.
I need help finding a train that will depart on Saturday.|Okay we have a lot of trains departing on Saturday. Where are you headed and where are you departing from?
I am going to Cambridge and leaving from Stevenage.|What time do you need to arrive?
by 18:45 please.|I have seven trains available.  What time do you want to leave?
The train should arrive by 18:45 and should leave on saturday.|I have train TR9925 leaving at 7:21 ad arriving at 8:10 and the cost is 10:24 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please.  Also I am looking for a concerthall in the east.  If there are none available, how about a boat attraction.|I found one boat attraction.  Camboats located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.
I think that is all I need. Thank you.|Have a great time.
I need some help choosing a train from Cambridge to London King's Cross.|The next train leaves Cambridge for London Kings Cross on Friday at 05:00. What day do you want to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday sometime after 16:30.|I have a train leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51 would you like to book this?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : IGMRVY4Y
That's lovely. We also require lodging. Could you help find a guesthouse with free parking?|There are 21 guesthouses that include parking. Is there a price range or area you would like to stay?
It doesn't matter, we will also need wifi, and will be staying for 2 nights, starting on Monday.|I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast then.
That sounds great.  Can you go ahead and book it for me?|Alright I booked it. Reference number is I5AR5Q3J
Thanks so much! I'm all finished now, goodbye!|Your welcome! Please have a nice day!
I would like to visit a museum in the east.|I have about 4 different ones. I would definitely say that Cambridge Artworks is one of the best. They have excellent exhibits.
Sounds good, what is the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?|Sure. The postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks.  Can you tell me if there are any trains that could get me to Cambridge by 13:00?|Sure, where are you departing from, and what day are you traveling?
I'm flying in to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|There are 8 to choose from, and the soonest departure is TR9892, which leaves at 05:24. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
That seems to work.  I need 6 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JC1Q1FZW.
That should be all for today.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I need to spend some time in the town centre. Any interesting sights there?|We have a lot of things to see, did you have a certain type in mind?
Nothing in particular.  Can you give a recommendation?|If your're in to architecture, you should see Old Schools. It is located on Trinity Lane and entrance is free.
Could I get the phone number for old schools please?|The number is 01223332320.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street to arrive 18:15.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I would be traveling on Thursday. I need to arrive by 18:15.|TR8126 arrives at 17:44 would that work for you?
What is the train ID and price please?|The train id is TR8126.
thank you I got all I need now|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice  day.
I'm looking for a train. The train should leave after 09:00 and should go to broxbourne.|What day will this be on?
On Sunday.|TR941 leaves at 9:01 would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need that booked for 8 people.|I was able to get you 8 tickets.  Your reference number is V2XTDMK6.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that is all for now. Have a great day.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't need to have free parking.|I have three hotels that meet your criteria. Are you looking for a specific part of town?
No, but price is important- anything moderately priced on your list?|I have a cheap 4 star in west, and two expensive ones - one in west and one centre. Which one are you interested in?
I'd like a hotel that is in the moderate price range.  Could you recommend that for me?|I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels in the moderate price range that are 4 stars. If you're interested in a guesthouse, though, we do have options for you.
What are those options?|You could try the allenbell.
All right, let's try that. May I get a reservation for Friday and Saturday night, 8 people each night?|Thank you for waiting.  Your reservation has been made.  Your reference number is G9EWB5NN.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train on Sunday from Cambridge to Peterborough leaving after 14:15.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 14:15 please.|Okay the TR3577 leaves at 14:34.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I need! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for directions to Jinling Noodle Bar, can you help me?|Yes certainly, Jinling noodle bar is located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre and the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like their phone number also?
No, but I need to book a table for 6 people at 12:30 on sunday.|Okay, booking was successful.  I got 6 people at Jinling Noodle for Sunday 12:30.   The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 6LAC61CT
Thank you, I also want to book a train for the the same day, departing from Birmingham new street.|I would be more than happy to book that for you for 6. Your reference number is 0U3B4A3O
Thank you. I also want to book a train for the same day, departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge by 9:30.|Sure, I have two trains that arrive by 09:30, TR8730 arrives at 08:23, and TR9637 arrives at 09:23. Which would you like and for how many riders?
The 9:23 arrival is perfect timing! I need it for the same 6 people. Can I please get the reference number for that booking also?|The reference number is 0U3B4A3O. What else can I do for you?
I think that's all I need. Thank you!|Okay, have a great day and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|Certainly! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like sometthing International.|Okay, I recommend Bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes there will be 8 of us at 17:15 on Wednesday.|I was able to reserve you a table, they will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KNRFFO4K. Do you need anymore assistance today?
Can you help me find a train?|I can help find a train. I need to know where you are traveling from and to and what day and time you wish to travel.
I would like a train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday and I need to arrive before 10:45.|Train TR2704 would suit your needs. Can I book you a ticket?
No thank you. I'll just need the travel time and train ID, please?|The ID is TR2704 and the total travel time is 17 minutes.  Anything else?
No.  That will be all for now.  Thank you for your help.|Sure thing!  Enjoy your trip and your dinner.  Be sure to contact us for anything else you may need.
I need a train leaving from leicester on thursday. Thanks.|There are 19 trains leaving Leicester Thursday. Where do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive in Cambridge|TR3839 ill cost you 37.80 pounds and will arrive 10:54. can we book?
Okay. Could you make me a booking for 2 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is UE7KA83C
Can you help me find a place to eat that is really cheap in the centre of town?|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
Just to make sure, TR3839 leaves after 10:00 correct?  I cannot leave before then. As far as cuisine type, Chinese sounds good.|Yes the train leaves at 10:54.  I would recommend Rice House at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the postcode please.|The post code is cb12bd. Can I get you anything else?
yes I will be hungry i need a place to eat|rice house is a good place. Shall I book it ?
Sorry, I don't need a reservation. That's all I need, thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using this service goodbye
I'm looking for a train departing on saturday from cambridge.|Escaping for the weekend, huh? Where are you headed?
Getting out of cambridge for awhile going to stansted airport and would like to leave anytime after 12:30 please|TR8476 will cost you 8.08 pounds. can i book it for you?
Yes please. I need to book it for 3 people. Once booked can I please have the reference number?|Alright got your tickets booked, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: O14QEE79. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, we're also looking for a hotel to stay at when we're in town.|I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
I definitely want a 4-star hotel, not a guesthouse. I don't care about parking, but I do need free wifi.|how about huntingdon hotel in the west?
That sounds great. Can you give me some information about it?|Absolutely. It's an expensive 4 star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking. The hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Can I book it for you?
Can you book it for me. From Thursday, for 2 nights and 3 people.|Absolutely! Your stay has been booked, and the reference number is 97Z4GAQ7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|I'm glad we were able to help you.  Goodbye!
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town|I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place.|There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating?
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks|i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?|No but would you like to try another location ?
No I need the north. Is there anything else available in the north?|there are a variety of good things in the north it depends on what you want i will find whatever you request
Hello! I need to find a train leaving Wednesday.|There are 2,828 trains scheduled to travel on Wednesday. Where are you planning on departing from and where is your destination?
I need to go to Cambridge from bishops stortford on wednesday and arrive by 09:15.|I have found two different options that fit your request. Would you like to leave at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07 or leave at 07:29 and arrive by 08:07?
I need one that can fit three people. I need three tickets.|I can book for 3 people for either of those trains.  Is there one of the times you prefer?
I prefer to arrive by 08:07.  Can you suggest a cheap greek restaurant? I'd like a reservation for 3 people at 10:00.  Please provide reference numbers.|Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
Thank you. Once you provide me with the reference number that is all I need.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any Greek restaurants in town. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
I also like Asian Oriental.|I have 5 restaurants that are Asian Oriental, do you have an area preference?
I would like to be in the centre of town.|There are 3 in the town centre. Would you like cheap or moderately priced food?
Cheap price sounds good to me.|I booked it for Wednesday. Your reservation number is EQHAMTOB, is there anything else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for the help.|You are most welcome, contact us if you need more assistance.
I need a train from cambridge to go to london liverpool street|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you know what time you need to depart or arrive by so I can narrow the options?
I will be traveling on a Sunday, and I need to arrive by 14:30|You will be traveling on Thursday or Sunday? You've said both.
I should leave Cambridge on sunday and arrive in london liverpool street by 14:30. I need 4 tickets and a reference number.|TR5504 would arrive at 13:27, would that work?
Yes, that's perfect. I need tickets for 4 people, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B8QZ32WO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, i need to find a restaurant to visit in the centre of town. Preferably in the moderate price range.|There are 21 that fits your criteria. Which cuisine would you like, to help narrow your choices down?
It doesn't matter.|Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria, would you like their information?
Yeah, tell me the address for that restaurant and the type of food they serve|They are an Asian/Oriental restaurant, and are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Help Desk.  Have a great day!
I am looking to travel to Cambridge by train.|What is your departure day, time, and location?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 12:30.|There is a train that leaves at 07:39 and arrives at 09:07. Should I book this one?
No, I just need the price and Train ID for the 9:07 train.|Sure, the trainID is TR2715 and the price is 16.60 GBP per ticket. Can I help with anything else today?
Actually yes, I also want to find out what kind of boating attractions there are.|I see Camboats, Riverboat Georgina, Scudamores Punting Co., and The Cambridge Punter listed.
I'd like the address for the Riverboat Georgina, please.|Certainly, riverboat georgina, cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything, thank you for your time.|Thank you, enjoy your visit!
